I would like to find a very expensive [indian] restaurant, can you help me?
Certainly! Cambridge boasts 14 such establishments. Would you prefer a specific area of town?
No I need to find an indian restaurant, anywhere in cambridge that is expensive please. I need the area located, address and postcode please.
Curry garden is located in the centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. It's phone number is 01223302330 and the postcode is cb21dp.
Thanks, I also need the location of [kirkwood house].
Sure, its located on 172 chesterton road and the number is 01223306283
Do they have free parking?
Yes they do.
What is the star of the hotel?
The hotel is four stars.


I'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. Got any hotels that offer that?
Almost every hotel and guesthouse in Cambridge has free parking! What area and/or price range are you looking for?
I want to be in the centre.
Here are the two choices of hotels in the Centre area that meet your criteria: Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Do either of these interest you?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes actually they both do. Would yu like to book one of them?
Not yet. Can I get the postcode for [Gonville Hotel]?
Sure! The post code for the gonville hotel is cb11ly. Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I also need a restaurant near the hotel.
Do you have a price range in mind or type?
I would like it in the centre, moderate range in price.
how about the yippee noodle bar?
That would be fine. Please make reservations for 1 on monday at 15:30.
I will do that for you now.
Thank you for helping me.
Your welcome. I am glad I could be of help.


I need to get a train to bishops stortford leaving [after 20:45.]
Oh what day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday.
I have only two trains on Sunday matching those constraints. Would you like me to book the 21:29?
Please just tell me the price, travel time and the train ID
the TR1389 leaves at 21:29. the price is 8.08 pounds.
Great. Can you give me information on [jesus green outdoor pool]? I need fee amount if any, postcode, phone number and address please.
Sure. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river at postcode cb43px and can be reached at 01223302579. I don't have any information about fees.
Okay wonderful! Thank you for all of your help!
You are very welcome. I will sign off now.


I'm looking for information on [Saint John's College].
Yes St John's college is located at saint john's street and their telephone number is 01223338600. It costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Anything else?
Can you tell me what area it is located in?
Yes St John's is located in the city center.
I need the address and entrance fee as well. Also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the moderate price range?
The address for St.Johns is St.John's St.,postcode cb21tp. There is an entrance fee of 2.50P. You have 14 choices of hotels, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'm not concerned about the area, but I'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 3 star rating please.
[Bridge Guest House] meets those criteria. It is located in the south. Would you like for me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary. I just need the address.
The address is 151 Hills Road. Anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to book a taxi between [Saint John's College] and the hotel, leaving the hotel at [4:15].
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you at 4:15pm at the Bridge Guest House. It will be a black Volkswagen. The number is 07240037071. Anything else I can help with?
That's literally every thing I needed today. You've been amazing, thank you so much!
Have a safe trip!


May have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants in the south part of town and in the moderate price range. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care.
Restaurant alimentum is the other moderate priced restaurant in the south of town
Is there anything else?
[pizza hut cherry] hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?
My apologies. The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I need to find a good [vegetarian] restaurant
I'm sorry could you repeat your request? There seems to be an error.
I meant train. I need a train ticket for monday.
Where did you want to depart from, sir?
I am departing from cambridge and going to bishops stortford.
There are 5 trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Monday. Do you want to leave at any certain time?
What is the first train after [11:30]?
TR4861 leaves at 13:29
Could you give me the arrival time and price also please?
Yes, it arrives by 14:07 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book the train for 1 person.
I've booked you a ticket. The reference number is I3EAS0F7 . Anything else I can assist with?
I'm confused. Did I ask you to book a ticket? I can book my own passage, thank you very much!
thanks for your service
Thank you also. Have a nice day.
You also. Let us know if we can assist you with anything more.
Okay, thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!


I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
There are 23 guesthouses available. Can you tell me what area you are looking for?
East part of town
How about allenbell, they offer free parking and wifi?
Do they have a 4 star rating?
Yes, the Allenbell has 4 star rating.
I'm sorry, I actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the north part of town.
No worries! How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It meets your needs. May I help book it?
Yes please. Give me the reference number!
What day, party size, and length of stay would you like to go?
I will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday. Thank you!
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.
There is also [archway house], would you like me to check booking there as well?
That sounds great thanks.
Booking there was successful. Your Reference number is : EFM3TDR4 .
Thank you for your help today.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'd like to get to Cambridge by train, but I'm afraid I need to travel on Sunday. Will that be possible?
From where are you departing?
I am leaving from Broxbourne.
There are 19 trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time when you need to travel?
Can you get me one that'll arrive by 18:30?
I have just the train for you! TR9331 will arrive in Cambridge at 17:32, which is within your desired timeframe. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I need 2 tickets.
I was able to get 2 tickets. Your total is 28.64 GBP and will be payable at the station. Your reference number is 8UDKCNBU .
Perfect, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the North. Do you have an option that has free parking?
We have many in that area with free parking. Might I suggest the [acorn guest house]?
Sure. Please book for 4 nights starting on the same day.
I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you so much. Can I get the reference number also, please?
I'm sorry, how many people would you like to book the room for?
2 people, 4 nights, for sunday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : I78WB6O9 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks a bunch! Goodbye
You're welcome, it was a pleasure serving you!


I am looking for an expensive [Australian] place.
I'm sorry. There are no Australian places in Cambridge. Would you like to try another cuisine type?
How about on one that serves [turkish] food?
Yes, the meze bar restaurant fits that description. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at [11:00] on thursday?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes,please and one that serves turkish food.
Sure, I've booked you at [Anatolia], which also serves Turkish food, with reference number T70EAY2I . May I help with something else?
No, that should be everything I need.
Great. Have a great day!
You too! Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north, an Italian restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Would you like more information?
What is the address of anyone of them?
The Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I be of further assistance?
Thank You
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye. Thank you for using the system.


I'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in Cambridge.
Sure, there are 33 hotels available. Do you have any other criteria?
Could it be in the north and include free wifi please?
There are several places to stay in the north that offer free internet. do you have a preference of stars and price range?
No. But it should be a guesthouse.
There are several in the moderate price range and 1 in the cheap range, do you have a preference?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on Sunday.
There are several options, but I would definitely recommend the [limehouse]. If that sounds good, I can book it for you.
Yes please. I need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is FLU3B3SI .
i also need a place to dine in the north
I found 9 restaurants in the North. What type of food would you like?
Thank you, I'm looking for a place that serves [Chinese] food.
What's your budget?
The price doesn't matter.
Would you like to try [the Hotpot]?
Sure! I need a table for 1 at [16:15] on Sunday.
Ok I will book it for you and get a reference number


Good afternoon. It's such a beautiful day out and I am visiting here. Can you tell me if there is a park nearby to where I am?
I have five parks in the area, four are free and one is pounds. If you want to give me your location I can narrow down the results.
What's in the center of town?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the center of the park. It is located in Bateman Street, the entrance is 4 pounds.
That sounds interesting. Can you just give me their phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223336265. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you!
Have a great day! Goodbye!


I'm looking for places to go in town. Maybe a swimming pool?
I can help with that. There are 4 swimming pools available; they're in east, north, and centre. Would you like more information?
Well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.
Yes I have two options: Nusha and Tenpin. Interested in either?
What is the entrance fee for those two options?
I am unsure of the entrance fee, you will have to call the venue's for prices, would you like the phone numbers?
Yes, I would like the phone numbers. I am also looking for a cheap [asian] restaurant.
The phone numbers are 01223902158 for nusha and 08715501010 for tepin. What area would are you looking for the restaurant in?
It doesn't matter.
There are two Asian places, would you liked me to book one of them?
What are their prices?
The prices for these restaurants are cheap.
Thank you can I get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?
Sorry, I'm a little confused. Are you looking for information on the attraction [Tenpin], or one of the restaurants?
The restaurant please.
The telephone number for the Dojo is 01223363471 and the telephone number for the J restaurant is 01223307581.
I also need their address and postcodes please
[j restaurant] is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.
Great! I'll also need a taxi to go between the two. I'll need to leave the restaurant by [08:00].
I booked a Yellow Skoda, contact number 07937936752. It will pick you up from J Restaurant and bring you to Tenpin. Will that be all today?
No, that will be all, thank you. You have been very helpful and also patient. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.
The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel on the west side and is inexpensive. Their phone number is 01954714600.
Okay, how about [Mexican] food in the south? I'll be needing a table for 4 this Friday.
[Chiquito restaurant and bar] is in the south area, what time would you like me to book your 4 people for?
yes four people for Friday at [17:30]
The table has been booked. Your reference number is PQPB99PP . Can I help you with anything else?
What can you tell me about [Finches Bed and Breakfast]? What area are they in?
finches bed and breakfast Is in the west, it is cheap, 4 star guesthouse, free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
Can I get their postcode please?
Postal is cb30nd, and if you need to call them they can be reached at 01223276653, any thing else that I can assist with?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.
i booked your taxi. it will be a blue lexus coming. their phone number is 07566783718.
That's great. Everything is set. Thank you for helping me. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves [European] food.
[eraina] would fit the bill.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
It's pretty expensive. It's at Free School Lane City Centre, and you can call them at 01223 368786. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome!


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area?
There are 33 possible places that fit your request. For example, there is an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Is this something you would be interested in?
How about [mediterranean] food?
Sure, either La Mimosa or Shiraz both serve excellent Mediterranean food.
[La Mimosa] sounds good. Can your reserve me a table for 1 on Saturday at [11:15]?
I have that reserved, the reference code is MLZZDYT5 .
Perfect. I'm all set the. Thank you.
It's my pleasure. Goodbye!


I would like to book a train that is running on Tuesday and departs anytime after [20:15], can you help me with that?
Where would you like to travel from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and travel to peterborough.
Sure, I have 7 trains that would work. The closest to your requested time is the TR5110 that leaves at 20:34.
That will work. What is the price and arrival time for that?
That will cost you 16.50 pounds and you will arrive by 21:24.
That is great. I also want to know about a hotel called [home from home]. Can you find it for me.
Certainly. Home from Home is a guesthouse on the north end of the city. It offers free internet and parking and is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I would like to book for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Saturday.
Your booking was successfull! Reference number is I5VKNKJ3
Thank you have a nice day.
You too. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to go, preferably a college.
christ's college is in the center of town and free to enter.
Can you provide me with the area, phone number and address of [Christ's College] please?
Christ's College is located in the centre of cambridge in postal code, cb23bu. It is on saint andrew's street. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would also like too book a train to Stevenage, I would like for it to arrive by [19:15].
Where would you like to depart from, and what day?
I'm departing from cambridge on friday.
TR0217 departs cambridge at 17:21 on friday and arrives at stevenage at 18:10. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes that sounds like it will work for us, please book me 7 tickets and provide a reference number.
Great! You're booked with reference number 826WFFTU . The total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That is all I need right now. Thank you for all of your help!
Great! Well, thanks for calling! You have a good day!


I am trying to find info for the Addenbrookes Hospital [gastroenterology] department.
The phone number is 01223274284. Anything else?
Could you give me the address and postcode as well?
Yes, the address is HIlls Rd., Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Okay thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
I would suggest you try the [Chiquito Restaurant bar].
What type of food do they serve and may I have their address?
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food and located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Would you like anything else?
That is all thank you.
You're welcome.


I need a taxi to go to [the hotpot].
Alright. I'll first need to know a time for the booking as well as a pickup location please
The taxi should arrive by [05:30].
I'll need your pickup location to book the taxi.
I'll be leaving from the [cambridge chop house].
All right, your car is booked. It's a grey ford with a contact number of chips342234yy1.
Thanks much, goodbye!
Thank you. Please let us know if you need any further help.


Will need a train to arrive by [17:45] and should leave on Friday
There are 252 trains that fit that criteria. Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am in Broxbourne and need to travel to Cambridge on Friday.
There are a total of 12 trains that fit that criteria. Would a train that departs at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32 work for you?
Yes that will work. Could you please reserve tickets for 4 and provide the reference number too?
4 tickets are booked, your reference number is 41TU2A6G
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. A hotel in the centre.
There are 3 hotels in center. Is there a price range you prefer?
In the moderate price range
In the moderate price range there is only the cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. For Friday, I'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the [cityroomz]. Please give me a reference number.
Your booking is successful the reference number is FP3FUS6E .
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.
You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help, thank you for using our service and I hope we see you again.


I need some info on a restaurant called [royal spice].
royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north, Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Could I book a table at [17:15] on Friday, please?
Sure, how many people will be dining?
I need a table for 7 people.
I managed to book you for Friday, table for [7] at 17:15. Your reference number is 7BATDN36 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free parking
Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I would like something moderately priced and I think I would prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel if possible.
I would suggest [acorn guest house]
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number?
The phone number for acorn guest house is 01223353888. Is there anything further I can assist you with today?
what is the car type?
I'm sorry, I do not understand your question. Can I help with anything else?
I'm sorry, I need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant in time for our reservation.
your all set a black honda will be picking you up contact # is 07109811358
Thank you for the information and bookings. There's nothing more. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


i am looking for information in Cambridge.
What area are you wanting to stay?
I am actually looking for a train to Stansted Airport.
Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and what time and day?
I'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on Tuesday. I need to get there at least by [13:30]
TR7293 will arrive there at 12:08.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.
There's the [allenbell], that's located in the east side of town at 517a coldham lane.
Please reserve a room for 1.
On what day would you like to arrive?
Friday, 4 nights. Reference number please.
Your reference number is 9IQ2K2DW .
Thank you so much, that's all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Hi I need a taxi to [jesus green outdoor pool], but I can't leave until after [18:30]. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I will be leaving from the [Fitzbillies restaurant].
I have confirmed your taxi, a blue tesla will be picking you up at 18:30.
Awesome. Can I have the contact number?
Of course. The contact number is 07613765039.
That's marvelous. Thanks so much. Goodbye for now.
I need a taxi to take me from fitzbillies restaurant to Jesus green outdoor pool at 18:30.Thanks


I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.
We have four theatres to choose from, I personal recommend the [mumford theatre], would you like more information?
Yes, Can you send me the address?
The address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need anything else?
Can I also get the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number? I also need a train.
The entrance fee is not listed. Their phone number is 08451962320 and postcode is cb11pt. Where will your train be departing from and arriving to?
I'm going to broxbourne and departing from cambridge.
There are hourly trains on that route every day from 5:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Oh, I need to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive in Broxbourne by [18:30]. I need to book for 5, with a reference number please.
The reference number is OLH83LVT
Thank you so much! Goodbye.
Thanks for using our service!


I need directions to [leverton house], a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?
Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.
Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.
What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.
What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after [20:45]. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I want to find a place to eat [Chinese] in the cheap price range.
I have 3 chinese restaurants located in city centre that meet your price range request. Can I book one for you?
Not today, can you recommend one of them to me?
i recomend [golden house]. it is in the centre in 12 lensfield road city centre. can i give you the address
I would like to book a table there.
For what time?
book a table for 6 people at [17:00] on saturday and give me reference number
The reference number for you reservation is BCYNHP5W .
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay at a hotel called [Lovell Lodge], can you help me with that?
The Lovell Lodge is a moderately priced 2 star hotel in the north part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people, 3 nights on Saturday.
I am very sorry, the system for booking hotel rooms seems to be down. Can I do anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Just the room booked.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WWYPAB14 . Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.
Thanks you and goodbye.


What are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the west please?
The [Hobsons House] guesthouse is in the west and is moderately priced. They are a 3 star establishment offering free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
A guest house sounds perfect. I am not sure about a reservation? Is it a good place?
Based off its 3 star rating I would say it is a good place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. Can you book it for two guests? We will be staying three nights beginning Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4AXDYT23 . Anything else?
Yes - are there any [indian] restaurants in town? Something moderately priced?
There are 4 such restaurants. I recommend [curry prince].
Is it located in the west?
Curry Prince is in the east. If you need someplace in the west, I recommend Meghna.
Either is fine. I need a table for 2 the same day at [17:00].
I would go with [Meghna] in the west. But they are fully booked at that time. Would you like me to try another time?
Yes, please, perhaps [15:00]
I'm sorry, that time was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try another?
Okay. let's try [16:00].
That worked!. your reservation number will be MPQPD3PQ .
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
Great! Have a wonderful time!


I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge, at least a 4 star place please
I've found 3 total entries for what you're searching for. The hotels are all 4 stars and ranges from cheap to expensive. It can be filtered down more to include prices.
are any of them on the north side of town?
No, sorry. Would you like me to try searching for something else?
Can you check the north side for other hotels?
Yes I can search for other hotels, do you want to change the star from 4?
i'd prefer a 4 star in the north
I'm sorry there are still no matching results. I can try a different part of town if you would like.
Is there possibly a guest house? I need free parking also.
There are a number of guesthouses in that area with 4 stars. Do you have a price preference?
No, no price preference. What do you recommend?
I'd suggest [Acorn Guest House]. It is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north with 4 stars. Would you like me to book any rooms?
Yes for 7 for 2 nights starting sunday, need the ref # too please
Your booking for 7 people at acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : J5ZLG2WN . Will you need anything further today?
Yes, please. Are there any park attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House?
Yes, [Milton Country Park]. It is located at Milton Country Park, Milton, postcode cb46az.
Can I have their phone number, please?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed. Thanks a bunch. Bye.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


Hello, I'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!
What type of food do you want to eat?
I was hoping to eat [Indian] food that is moderately priced.
Do you have an area of town you prefer?
Yes the north please.
We have The [Nirala] restaurant which serves Indian food and is located in the north. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. We'd like a table for 3 at [15:30] on Tuesday.
Sure. Your reference number is 536SV8LH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the restaurant booking. Can you look for a guesthouse for me? I don't need free parking by the way.
What price range guesthouse would you like?
Moderate price range please.
Everyone loves the [a and b guest house]. Shall i book it for you ?
Sure, please book it for 3 people. We'll arrive tuesday and stay for 2 nights.
Reference number is : VQWNBZS2 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you
Thank you for using our services.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.
I have several, when is your stay?
Do you have one that is a guesthouse?
[a and b guest house] is very nice
book for 6 people and three nights starting on thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZCRPOLK8 . anything else?
Can you confirm a and b guest house is in the moderate price range, please?
Yes it is in the moderate price range, what help can I help with?
Okay, now I would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the moderate price range
There are 21 options. What type of food do you like? Our restaurants are quite diverse.
Choose one and surprise me. And book it for 6 people on thursday at [13:15]. I'll need the reference number
It appears our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes! What do you mean it's down? I need a place to eat!
Ah, it was just a temporary lapse, it is back up now. I have you booked. The reference number is K9PYGG5A .
What is the name of the restaurant you booked the reservation at? We will also need a taxi to get there from the guesthouse.
It was [restaurant one seven], what time would you like that taxi?
I'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least [10 min before our reservation]?
A white bmw is booked for you. The contact number is 07793421858
Thanks! I'm all set now. Bye!
You are welcome and good bye


Everyone keeps telling me I have to stay at [Cityroomz] when I visit next. Have you heard of it?
Yes. It is a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. They don't have a star rating, but do offer free wifi. Would you like help booking a room there?
Yes, I would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday.
I'm so sorry, but I was unable to book per your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different date?
Well, are there any other hotels that I can stay at during this time. I really need these dates.
Sure. Do you want the same part of town?
No, Please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday is unavailable can you try one night?
One night was a success. Your reference number is KYH3R6AZ .
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. that is all . Thanks.
Thank you, good bye.


I will be traveling to Cambridge and would like to dine on the west side.
Okay, cool! What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for expensive [Brutish] food.
I have two places. Would you like me to book one?
No. i would like you to choose one and then please provide me with the address and phone number.
The [graffiti] is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane huntington road postcode cb301x. The phone number is 01223277977.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guest house in the same area as the restaurant.
I'd recommend hobsons house. It's moderately priced and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No thanks, I'm just looking for information right now. I think I have everything I need for today.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, can you tell me if the [Hobsons House] is 4 star rated? if it is, I would also need the address please.
It is 3 star rated. Would you prefer 4 stars?
Yes, I'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the west with free parking.
[Finches Bed and Breakfast] will fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I just need the info for the place. What is its address? As well as its price range
it is pretty cheap. also the address is 144 thornton road.
I need a taxi from the restaurant
Ok, are you looking for a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel? What day do you need it?
Yes. The taxi should leave the restaurant by [20:00]
In order to book a taxi I need time of travel, arrival location and the departure location.
I need the restaurant by 20:00 and head for the hotel.
A yellow lexus will pick you up at Grafitti at 20:00 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your driver can be contacted at 07239643979
Perfect. Thank you so much. That's all for today
Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by [16:30].
On what day are you traveling?
Friday, departing from Stevenage.
The latest train from Stevenage to Cambridge on Friday that will arrive by 16:30 leaves at 13:54 and arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it?
that is fine. how much is the ticket?
12.80 pounds per person, do you still want me to book you?
No but I need information on a restaurant called [loch fyne].
What would you like to know?
Do they have any available tables for 3 at [20:15] that day?
We can certainly book that for you. Would you like a reservation and a booking for the train?
Please book me a table for the restaurant and provide the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ENJNFM36 . Can I be of any further help to you today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
You really should be including something to search for instead of a general statement, what do you want me to search for?
Wow, you are snippy for an Info centre! Perhaps a museum.
I apologize for my early snappiness. I'd be happy to find a museum for you to visit while your here. Is there a particular area of town you'd like?
No, I'd just like to visit a museum, could you recommend one to me?
I highly recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery in the west. They have free admission. They are located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton.
Thanks! I also need a train to Peterborough on Saturday, please. I need to leave after [18:00].
can i book it for you?
Please, I'll need 3 tickets.
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
TR5194 arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Is that cutting it too close or would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave Cambridge after 18:00.
I've booked 3 tickets on the TR2569 departing at 18:34. The total is 39.59 GBP, payable at the station. Reference# 6DX0OQTC . Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge have a lovely day


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.
There are five restaurants matching your description. Would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names?
I don't care.
[Frankie and Bennys] is an expensive [Italian] restaurant in the south part of town.
can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number?
It is an italian restaurant and the phone number is 01223 412430.


I'm looking for [malaysian] food.
sorry i cannot find any malaysian restaurants. can i offer you something else?
How about [asian oriental] type of food?
There are five search results. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No particular area, but I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
there is saigon city at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, phone 01223 356555.
Is there anything else?
There is also Kymmoy in the centre of town, at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 311911.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!


I want a train leaving on Sunday and arriving in Cambridge.
I have 202 trains matching your preferences. What location would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street any time after [13:15].
I have 11 trains matching your preferences. Leaving every hour at :40 starting at 13:40. Which would you prefer?
I'll take the first train at 13:40 for 7 people please and I will need the reference number as well.
Certainly, I have booked the train, your reference number is PG27S8V6 . May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you give me a list of places I can go once I'm in town?
We have lots of attractions! Is there a particular type of place or area of town you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for a park in the east.
The [cherry hinton water play] is just the place. Would you like any further info?
Yes can I please get that address phone number and entrance fee for the Cherry Hinton?
Of course. It is free and the address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Phone number-01223446100
Great, thanks! I can't think of anything else I need right now, so you have a good one!
Thank you for using our system!


I'd really like to get the number for the [Yippee Noodle Bar] restaurant if you please?
Sure the number is 01223518111
Ok, I would like to book a table for 4 at [13:15] on Monday if possible?
I'm sorry but a table isn't available at that time or day. Would you like another time?
Hmm.. how about [12:15]?
I have booked a table for 4 at 12:15 on Monday. Your reference number is YYS0SW42 .
I would also like a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by [09:45].
Okay, I've located a train departing Peterborough and arriving at 09:38. How many train tickets do you want?
The train needs to depart from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.
There is a train leaving Kings Lynn at 08:11 arriving at 08:58 in Cambridge. Do you want me to make a reservation?
No, just tell me the price.
The price is 9.80 pounds, payable at the station. How else can I help you?
That should be all thank you
Alright. If you think of anything else you may need feel free to contact me. Have a good day.


I need to find information on the [Bloomsbury Restaurant].
The bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crown Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street. Their number is 08719429180. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please! For 2 people on Sunday!
I have located your restaurant and booked a reservation for 2 people on Sunday!
May I please have a reference number?
What time would you like me to make your reservation?
Lets do a table for two people at [14:15] on Sunday
I'm sorry, that time is unavailable. Is there another time or day you would like?
Try [13:15], please.
I have made your reservation for Sunday at 13:15. The reference number is XSFGYZXO . May I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I need the phone number and location of the nearest Red Lobster in the downtown Cambridge area.
I'm sorry, could you please repeat your request? There seems to be an error.
I need a taxi,from [darrys cookhouse and wine shop] and go to [restaurant two two] and leave at [9] 00
Your booking is complete. The car type is a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07556741489.
Thank you for your quick response.
You are very welcome please let us know if we may help with anything else.
No, that should be it. I really appreciate your help!
You're welcome! Have a great time.


I need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.
There are 2 hotels with 3 stars. They are both quite similar, but the [Gonville Hotel] has a little better reputation. Can I tell you anything about it?
Yes, is either of these hotels located in the north?
No they are located in the centre and the south.
I need the address and phone to them please.
the phone number is 01223366611 and adress is gonville place
How about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the north?
There are two 3-star guesthouses in the north. One offers Internet and parking and the other doesn't. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
No, thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in town.
What type of attraction would you like to visit?
On second. Wait. What was the price range on that guesthouse?
The pricerange for Gonville Hotel is expensive. Were you needing a guesthouse? This is a hotel.
I think we're confusing each other. You said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in the north. Do you have that?
Sorry. My system just refreshed. [Alpha-milton guest house] is a 3 star guesthouse in the north area in the moderate price range. It does not include internet or parking.
No worries, I just need the address please.
The Alpha-milton guest house address is 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Are you looking for an attraction in the north also?
I am actually looking for a college anywhere in town. Can you recommend an interesting one?
Sure! I recommend the [Clare Hall] located on Herschel Road. What information would you like to know?
May I have the phone number and the exact area.
Clare hall is in the west part of town. Their phone number is 01223332360 should you need to contact them!
Thanks! I will also need a taxi please.
Thank you, please provide what time you want to leave the hotel or time you want to arrive at Clare Hall.


Hi, I'm looking for museums to go to in cambridge.
I have five musuems. Four are free. Cambridge and county folk museum is 3.50 pounds.
What is the address for that museum?
The address is 2-3 castle street. The postcode is cb30aq
Thank you I also need a train departing from cambridge on tuesday
I have over 200 trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination? Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
My destination is Liverpool and I would like to leave by 18:00.
The TR9561 train leaves at [17:59], would this work or do you need to leave earlier?
That works great. What is the arrival time and price?
The arrival time is [19:27] and the travel time is 88 minutes.
Awesome, you rock! How much does that trip cost?
The trip would cost you 16.60 pounds, anything else?
That is everything I needed today. Thank you!
Have a great day!


Can you help me find a restaurant?
Are you looking for a particular style of food?
I'm actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of [royal spice].
Yes, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton and on the northern part of Cambridge.
May I ask what type of food does Royal Spice serve?
Sure! It is [Indian] food.
I'll also need the postcode and area please.
Royal Spice is located in the north area and the postcode is cb41eh.
Great, thanks. That is all I need today.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to know nice places to visit in the North.
I have 4 attractions in the north. Two of them are swimming pools, one is a park and one is a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
What is the entrance fee for the boating attraction?
There is no entrance fee listed. I can give you their phone number if you would like?
No thanks, I need to find a train leaving from cambridge next.
Okay. Where are you looking to go to?
I'm headed to Leicester.
Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need to leave sometime after [15:00].
The first train after that time on Thursday is the TR9839, leaving Cambridge at 15:21, arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket for one.
I booked a seat for you on TR9839. You can pay the 37.79 GBP due at the station. Reference number X6S3FKEF . Is there anything else today?
No, you have helped me tremendously. Thank you!
Thank you for using our system today!


I am looking for a museum in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me find one?
There are eleven museums there. I would recommend the [Castle Galleries], located at unit su43, Grand Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Entrance is free there, too. Need an alternate recommendation?
No, that sounds fine. Could I get the phone number?
The phone number is 01223307402.
I also need to find a hotel. I'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.
I have the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] that matches your preferences. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does the hotel include free parking?
Yes it does have free parking
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please
I would be happy to. What is your arrival day, how many nights do you need, and how many are in your party?
There are 2 of us. We will arrive on Wednesday and stay for 3 nights.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or a shorter stay?
Oh dear. What if we only stay there on Wednesday?
Yes, I have booked you for Wednesday night. Your reference number is MLQZYRU2 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Will you need it from the hotel or to the hotel?
From the hotel.
What time would you need to be picked up at the hotel?
I would like to leave the hotel by [11:00].
Great! Be on the look out for a red honda. The contact number is 07451827304. Anything else I can help with?
No, you've been a great help already. Thanks so much. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. I was thinking about visiting a college. Any suggestions?
Would you be interested in visiting [Christ's college] located in the city centre on Saint Andrew's Street?
That sounds great, I'll need the address and entrance fee information, please.
Certainly, Christ's College is free and located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you help me find the [Limehouse] hotel?
Sure can. It's a moderately priced, 4 star guest house at 78-80 milton road.
Does the hotel have free wi-fi?
Yes it does and parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you I just need their postcode and phone number please.
The post code is cb42je. The phone number is 01223300552.
that is all for now. thanks for your help.
Thanks for using this service. Have a nice day.


Hello. I will be a tourist in Cambridge and I've heard there are many local attractions.
Yes, we actually have over 79 attractions. Do you have a specific area of town or interest of attraction you are looking for?
Can you recommend me a nightclub where I can get jiggy with it?
Well, I think the jiggiest nightclub in town is the Soul Tree Nightclub, right in centre city! Plus the entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
That is perfect can I have the postcode please?
Sure! The postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. Last time I stayed in Cambridge several years ago I stayed at the [carolina bed and breakfast]. Is it still around?
Yes, it is still around. Would you like me to book the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
I just need to verify some information before I book anything. Do they still have wifi, and have the prices stayed moderate? Oh, and they are in the East, correct?
They are in the east, yes, and they are still considered a moderately priced guesthouse. And they also have free parking and internet.
Awesome! I will also need to book a tai to go from the hotel to the [nightclub].
Yes, they are in the east, prices still moderate and they do have wifi. Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by [11:00].
I got a blue Audi for you. Their number is 07962712381. What else do you need?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I'm looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel with free parking. Their phone number is 01223866800.
Is it a guesthouse? I'd really like a guesthouse with 3 stars, if possible.
Unfortunately, I can't find a 3-star expensive guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to find something else?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?
Sure, The Lensfield hotel is in the south. It is very nice, can I book it for you?
First, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and tell me if they have internet?
The Lensfield does have free wifi. Their phone number is 01223355017 and their postcode is cb21en.
That is perfect, thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Let us know if you have any more questions!


I need to find a [asian] restaurant in Cambridge
Are you looking for one in a certain area?
I don't have any in mind as long as they serve Asian food.
What price range would you prefer?
Actually, I do not need a restaurant for now, I am look for a boat type place to go to in town.
There are several to choose from. There are Camboats in the east, the Riverboat Georgina in the north, and two places for punting in the centre. Do any of those appeal?
I suppose the [Riverboat Georgina].
The Riverboat Georgina is found in the North Area. , their phone number is 01223902091. Anything else you need to know?
Thank you. I am also looking to book a hotel called [Hobsons House] for 1 person starting Thursday, please.
Sure no problem. How many nights from Thursday would you like to book?
2 nights please and could I get a reference number?
Your stay at hobsons house is booked. Your reference number is BZLBF1DZ .
Thank you so much. That's all for now.
Glad I could help. Let us know if you need anything else.


I've just been robbed and I need some help.
I'm sorry to hear that. There is a police station on Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG and the phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all, thank you.
You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.


I'd like to find a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, please.
There are many trains that go to your desired destination, do you have a date and time your prefer to travel?
On Friday, after [9:15].
The closest train to that time would be the TR7057 and departs at 09:59, would you like to book?
Can I get the price and travel time for TR7057?
Their travel time is 88 minutes, and it costs 16.60 pounds.
I also need you to book me a room at [alpha-milton guest house]
OK, I can do that. Will it just be you?
What's the area at first?
The alpha-milton guest house is located in the north. Can I help you make a booking?
No. I only need to know which area it's in. Thanks.
The Alpha-Milton Guest House is located on the north end of the city. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm all set thanks for all your help, bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


You want to book a taxi. The taxi should arrive by [17:30] and should go to [la mimosa].
Ok. And where will the taxi be picking you up from?
I will be departing from [nusha].
A black audi is booked for you, with contact number 07400946146
Thanks so much! That's it for today. Have a good one!
Thanks you and have a great day!


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town and I would like it to be a museum.
How does the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sound? It is in the centre and has free admission.
What's the postcode for that?
The post code for the [Museum of Archaeology and anthropology] is cb23dz.
Can I also get the phone number for that?
The phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'll also need a train on Monday.
I can help you with that, what destination, departure site, and time would you like to travel?
leaving monday from kings lynn [after 19:15] going to cambridge. I need to get 2 tickets and may I have the referral number please?
Reference number is : DOA079HV Is there anything else I can help you with
No that would be all thank you
Thank you for using Help Desk. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.
Does [acorn guest house] on 154 chesterton road work for you? Should I book it?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Yes, it is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this Thursday.
I have made the reservations and your reference number JQUU393D .
thanks! i'm also looking for a [hungarian] restaurant.
I'm sorry, but I am not finding any Hungarian restaurants. Would you consider another type of cuisine?
You can look for [indian] restaurants.
Is there a certain price range?
No, any price range will work.
I'd recommend [curry prince] in the east. It's a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
So, my group is going to need a table at [15:30] on the day we arrive at the hotel.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G7Z1RQ47 .
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo. I hope you have a great day.


I'd love to get some information on the [holy trinity church]
The Holy Trinity Church is architecture, in the Centre of town, on Market Street. Entrance is free. Do you want any more information?
Can you provide me with the hours of operation and the entrance fee?
I'm not sure on their hours, but it is free admission. Would you like their number?
Yes that will be fine. I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge on Friday.
Phone 01223355397. What is your destination on friday? Is there a specific departure and arrival time?


i want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ.
Thanks for the help, bye!
Sure, good luck!


We are looking for a place to go while in town in the east.
I have 10 places on the east side. Do you know what type of attraction you may like?
A concerthall would be really nice. Do you have one?
I don't have any concerthalls. But I do have [cherry hinton hall and grounds], which is of attraction type "Entertainment." Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes please, can I get the postal code and entrance fee?
the postcode is cb18dw. unfortunately, i don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
I would also like to find a place to eat. Can you find a [gastropub] restaurant in the expensive range?
Yes, I would suggest royal standard.
Is that close to the food place ?
Yes it is. It not far at all
So the [Royal Standard] is in the east?
Yes, I confirm the Royal Standard is in the east. Do you want me to book it for you?
Can you give me the address and phone number of it?
Sure, the [Royal Standard] is located at 290 Mill Road City, Centre, cb13nl and their phone number is 01223247877. Can I help with anything else?
Ok perfect I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where you wanting the taxi to pick you up at Cherry Hinton Hall or the Royal Standard and at what time?
I would like to be picked from Cherry Hinton at [22:00] and arrive at the Royal Standard, please.
Your booking is completed! Your car type is yellow Toyota and contact number is: 07964380334. Can I assist with anything else?


I need to book a train for Monday from Ely to Cambridge to arrive by [14:00] for 6 people.
What time would you like to leave by?
Anytime as long as i arrive by 14:00. Can you provide me with a reference number after booking?
Great. I booked six tickets on TR4095 departing at 11:35 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52. Your confirmation number is W6PWPYOP .
That is all I needed, good day to you.
Have a great day!


On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by [21:45].
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.
Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.
Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.
We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?


I am looking for a restaurant called [HK Fusion].
Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would love a reservation for Tuesday for 3 people at [19:15] please.
Your booking is taken care of, your reference number is AMF28NF1 . May I help with anything else?
Wonderful. Yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?
Absolutely. There are some wonderful attractions in that area. Would you like something free?
Sure thing. And could I get the postcode for it too?
I would recommend The [Museum of Classical Archaeology] the post code is cb39da. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a booking and the reference number.
How many tickets do you need?
I'll need tickets for three and I will also need you to book at taxi for us as well. We want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.
If you want tickets to the museum, I suggest calling because my system cannot book tickets there. However, I did book you a red honda taxi. Contact # 07125574680
Thanks so much! That will be all for today.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking a train that is leaving on Thursday but will arrive by [09:30] to Cambridge.
Okay, and where are you leaving from?
i will depart from birmingham new street
TR3736 arrives in Cambridge at 09:23.
That would be great. Please book tickets for 7 people. I'll also need a reference number, if possible.
Okay I booked it for you and your reference number is 0LYL0J3V .
Thank you. I will also need a place to stay in the north. I'd like something that includes free parking.
Okay and what is your price range?
It doesn't really matter as long as the parking is free. I don't even need internet.
when is your stay?
Let's go with Thursday.
Ok great. I highly suggest the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like for me to book a room?
yeah book it for the same group of people please
Booking for 1 night at acorn guest house was successful. Reference number VO8YM3X4 . The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888, postcode cb41da. Will you need anything else?
No that is all I need help with at the moment, thank you.
Have a wonderful time.
I'm sorry, but I actually needed the hotel for 4 nights, can you adjust that for me?
Yes, I can.
how about 1 nights.
Yes, that should be fine. Please adjust it for me.
I'm sorry, I got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 4 nights?
No, you're successfully booked for 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is 0PP63274 . Can I help with anything else today?
That would bee all thank you
Just to clarify. You have been successfully booked at the Acorn Guest House. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?


I am looking for a hotel near the mall. The hotel should has free indoor parking, even it doesn't include internet.
Ok. There are several hotels with parking available. What specific area of town are you wanting?
I want to be in the area with the mall. Which hotel is the closest to the mall?
That would be in the centre of town. I have two options for you. Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more info on one of those?
Do either of those hotels have free wifi?
Both the Gonville and the University Arms have free wifi and free parking. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
I will try booking at the [Gonville] for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Sunday.
Sure, you're all set. Your reference number is H8OMGIP5 . May I help with anything else?
No, I think that covers it, thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a good day.


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. It's called the [Cambridge Belfry]?
I have one listing for the cambridge belfry, the phone number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes I need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
I'm sorry, there aren't any rooms available at the cambridge belfry. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, please find one that is close to it.
There are 4 others in the west area,what price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the Belfry. Can I get the reference number too?
I have booked you at [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. Reference number is : J9AW7GHH Is there anything else you need help with?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Okay. Glad I could help.


I'm looking for for a cinema in the south. Can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?
there is only one, it's called cineworld cinema
How much is that cinema's entry fee?
I'm afraid that the entry fee for [Cineworld Cinema] is unknown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?
[bridge guest house] is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range with free wifi and parking.
Do they have a room available for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and checking in Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z108ABS3 . Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, I want to leave the cinema by [08:15].
Booked you a taxi ride look for a red tesla car contact number is 07746939508. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything that I need?
Have a wonderful time.
Thanks, have a great day!
Thank you for using our service today.


Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.
Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.
ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by [16:15].
You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.
How many tickets please?
I don't need tickets just the information for the train. I need the train ID please.
The train ID is TR8685.
I also need a place to stay with free wifi.
Do you have a preference? Hotel rating, location, parking, or internet availability?
I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free wifi, please.
We have no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I find something else for you?
Any guesthouse in the cheap range?
Yes! How about [Allenbell]?
I would like to book 5 people for 5 nights the same day.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is 6GDIBPKO . How else can I help?
That's all I need. Thank you so much.
Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!


I am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves [Thai] food.
Bangkok city serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
Of course
Bangkok City is located in 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I am going to cambridge and I am looking for the [cambridge book and print gallery]
Okay! It is a museum in the West part of town at 49 Newnham Road. Admission is free.
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223694264. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves [turkish] food.
I love Efes Restaurant on King Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not right now, thank you for your assistance. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you goodbye


I need to find a train that leaves on Wednesday and arrives at its destination by [12:30]. Can you help?
There is a train leaving from London Kings Cross at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to book that train for 6 people.
I can go ahead and book those for you.
Great, can I get the reference number for the train? Also I would like to find a moderate price [Cantonese] restaurant.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Great Please provide the reference number and then let me know about the restaurant.
I apologize the trains available arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like me to book this?
No. I need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from Stevenage, not London Kings Cross.
The closest one is TR4626, which arrives in cambridge by 10:43. Want me to book it?
Sure. Once again, it'll be for 6 people. And PLEASE remember the confirmation number this time!
Okay, booked as requested. The reference is 3ZQAT0V1 .
Thanks that's all for me today
Have a wonderful time.


i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have found many restaurants with the criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I would prefer [welsh] food, please!
I don't have any Welsh restaurants that meet your criteria. Would British or European be ok, or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead?
How about [italian] food?
How about [cafe uno]?
Sure. What is their phone number and address there
Caffee Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223448620.
That is everything, still ironing out details, so I will call them later, thanks for your help.
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
That was all I needed for now. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you prefer indian, italian, or british?
Can I have the address and phone number of the [Italian] location?
[Prezzo] is at 21-24 Northampton Road, and can be reached at 01799 521260. Can I be of further assistance?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I need to find a train, please. I'm traveling on Tuesday and would like to arrive at my destination by [19:30].
Of course, where would you like to travel to, and where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and going to London. I'd like to use the Liverpool Street station.
Sure, TR9561 leaves at 17:59 and arrives by 19:27. Would that work for you?
It should. Could you give me the travel time and price for that too?
The price is 16.60 pounds and travel time is an hour 28 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, actually. Are you able to find me a multiple sports attraction?
The cherry hinton village centre has multiple sports and is located in the east area. Phone number is 01223576412, anything else?
Yeah what about college's?
We have many different colleges to visit. Do you have a particular area in mind?
How about one in the centre?
Ok we have 4 that are free and one that charges 2 pounds entrance fee.
One of the free ones would be great. Can you give me the name and address of one?
I would recommend Downing College. The address is Regent Street.
I actually don't want to visit a college. I want to visit a place in the city centre that offers multiple sports.
I am sorry there are no attractions that offer multiple sports in the centre, do you have any other interests or would you like to look in another area?
I guess [downing college] in the centre area would be good. Can i get the address?
The address is regent street and the postcode is cb21dq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that will be all. Thank you for your assistance.
My pleasure, feel free to use us again for anything else you may need,
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye. Have a great trip!


Hi, I am looking for a train. I need to leave on Tuesday, after [11:15].
Can I get information where you are departing from?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Peterborough.
I have train TR8806 departing at 13:34 and arriving by 14:24. Would that work for you? If not, I have both earlier and later trains.
That works. Book it for me. I need the reference number.
The booking was successful and your total fee is 16.5 GBP. You pay that at the station. Your reference number is M1C9IXIH .
Can you also help me find some kind of architecture attraction in city centre?
[great saint mary's church] is an architecture attraction in the city centre.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, please?
Postcode cb23pg, Market square. Is there anything else you would like to know.
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.
No problem! Have a great day!


We are interested in attractions in the center of the city.
[little saint maryschurch] 01223366202
Ok, that sounds interesting. Can you give me the street address?
How about the [vue cinema] at the grafton centre, east road?
Oh, I like that one. Thank you! Okay, I also need information about a hotel called [Kirkwood House].
The Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the North side. It has a 4 star rating and the price is moderate. It has internet and parking.
Great, thank you for all your help.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please book me a taxi so I can travel between my hotel and the Cinema
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by [3:30].
I need to know the name of the cinema you're going to, before I can complete the booking. Did you need assistance with finding a particular cinema?
why don't you suggest one and give me the address please, that's why I contacted you to help me
The Vue Cinema in the centre is great. Their address is The Grafton Centre, East Road.
I actually need a taxi from [little saint marys church] to the [Kirkwood House]. I'll need to leave the church by 3:30.
A blue honda will pick you up at little saint mary's church at 03:30 and take you to kirkwood house. You can reach the driver at 07663499793
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.


i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
You have a lot of great choices. Can we narrow your search with a type of cuisine you'd like or would like to avoid?
Thank you. I would really like [african] food if possible.
[Bedouin] is the only African restaurant in town, but they're not cheap. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
would you like me to book it for you ?
would you like me to book it for you ?
yes, please. 7 people at [17:00] for saturday
Ok, your table has been booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 12UC21E9 . Can I assist you further today?
Thank you. Yes, I am also looking for an attraction in the same area of town.
There are many to chose from in that area, might I recommend [all saints church]? Or are you looking for something specific?
That attraction works, can I have more information?
Sure! It is located on Jesus Lane, CB58BS. The entrance fee is free and their phone number is 01223452587.
Okay, great. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volkswagen. If you need to contact the company, please call 07745957950.
Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome! Bye!


I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
Yes I can is there any type of food you're in the mood for and what area would you like?
I would like an [Indian] place in the East of town.
I have 4 places that have great indian food. I have 2 moderately priced ones and 2 expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I'd like one in the moderate price range. Can you select one?
Sure, how about [pipasha restaurant]?
Yes. 3 people at [13:45] on Sunday.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is H5PBYPD0 .
Are there any wonderful museums in town? I just need the address of one that you would suggest.
I have the [cambridge artworks] located at 5 greens road and has free entrance.
cool I need a cab now and I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time of course
I can do that - I got you a white honda and the driver can be reached at 07397937480. Will that be all today?
That's all I need today.
Thank you so much for calling. Ring us back if you need anything else. Goodbye.


Are there any cheap [Indian] restaurants around?
Yes I have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the centre.
I think Kohinoor, The Gandhi, or Mahal of Cambridge would all suit you. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
Let's go with the first one, [Kohinoor]. Do they have a table for 2 available at [1pm] tomorrow?
For what day please?
Wednesday, like the girl from the Adam's Family.
Sorry, there are no tables available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another place to eat, any type, Centre and cheap.
I was able to book you at The Gandhi. Your reference number is R9XJC41B . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at [17:15]. Can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time?
Yes sure. your reference number for the new booking will be 47N2K0RG .
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
I can help you with that. Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I'd like to try some [Turkish] cuisine if there's a restaurant that serves it.
[meze bar] restaurant is great. it is located in196 Mill Road City Centre, cb13nf. can i give you their phone numbers?
Please do, thank you.
I'm sorry, they do not have a phone number listed. Would you like to book a table?
No. thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range.
Gonville Hotel is in the Centre, has 3 stars in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Do they offer free parking?
They do have free parking yes.
And what's their phone number?
It is 01223366611
That's all the information I need on the hotel. I would like to book a taxi to commute between the restaurant and the [Gonville Hotel].
What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [11:15].
Booked car type : black bmw Contact number : 07798470642
I also would like a restaurant.
I located the Meze Bar restaurant for you but have not made a reservation per your request. Would you like me to locate a different restaurant?
No, thank you. Please go ahead and make a reservation at [Meze Bar].
Ok sure, When and with how many people will you be dining at Meze Bar?
I'll do that later once I find out how many people can make it. Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day.


I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.
Can you tell me the name please ?
it is called [avaion].
Avalon is a guesthouse in the north. It has a moderate price range and four stars. There is free wifi too. Would you like the address?
Can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on Saturday?
I booked that for you and your reference number is 08BQQ5D1 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much, are there any theatres in the centre of town?
There are 4 theatres in the centre. I would recommend the [mumford theatre].
Could I get the address there please?
Yes their address is 62 Gilbert Road


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the centre part of town.
I would suggest [The Man on the Moon], located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Perfect, could I have the address and postcode please?
The Man on the Moon is located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode CB12LF.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel and I don't care if it includes internet.
Do you have any other criteria for it?
Yes, actually. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse with free parking.
acorn guest house would suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
could i have the address and post code
The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in.
how about allenball? it's a lovely guesthouse.
No, I am happy with your first suggestion. Please reserve [Acorn Guest House] for 7 people. Arriving Sunday for 4 nights.
I have booked the Acorn Guest House for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday. Your reference number is FF6FLH9V .
Well thank you i am done.
great enjoy your stay in cambridge
Thank you for all the help.
Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!


I need a train going to cambridge.
There are a lot of trains going to cambridge, where are you leaving from and what day? What time do you want to leave?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Monday and need a train that will leave that Monday from Bishops Stortford to arrive Cambridge by [10:30].
There are three trains that would work. The earliest leaves at 5:29, the latest leaves at 9:29, arriving at 10:07. Which should I book for you?
I would like to book the 5:29 for 7 passengers if that is available.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IUNU69VQ . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. i also need a hotel to stay and should include free wifi
Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the west side and also need free parking.
Alright I found two options for you an expensive one and a cheap one. Which would you prefer to book?
I don't have a preference. What do you recommend?
I would recommend the Hungtingdon [Marriott Hotel]. It's expensive and in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on Monday.
Reference number is J9Z5CBKI . Is there anything else?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.
You are more than welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for colleges in town centre, preferably free admission.
[Christ college] is lovely and is free admission.
What is their phone number?
It's 01223334900. Do you need anything else?
My girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great [Turkish] food place. Do you happen to have any in town?
I have 3 different turkish restaurants, all are located in the centre area. Would you prefer moderate price or expensive?
Definitely expensive. We're going all out on this trip.
The meze bar restaurant meets that criteria, would you like me to book a table for you?
Just to make sure, the restaurant is in the same area as the attraction, correct?
Yes, they are both in the centre of town!
Great, can I have their number, address,and postcode?
Meze bar restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf. I'm sorry there is not a phone listed for this restaurant.
I need a taxi going from [Christ College] and the [Meze Bar] restaurant. I want to leave Christ College at [06:30].
Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be blue Lexus. The contact number is 07645780776. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thats all I needed. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a train from Cambridge to Stevenage please.
I have 4 trains for those locations. What day and time were you looking for?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after [21:30], please.
There is only one train traveling from Cambridge to Stevenage on Thursday close to 23:30. It is the TR8239, would you like for me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I'll actually need 7 tickets.
I was able to reserve 7 tickets for you. Your total fee is 89.6 GBP and your reference number is BRQC79TR . Do you need anything else?
I also need an expensive lodging in the center of town.
I found 2 hotels, the gonville hotel, 3 stars, and the university arms hotel, 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
Hmm, I was really looking for something with 0 stars. Can you check for any guesthouses instead?
Perhaps with different criteria? I have nothing for 0 stars, expensive, in the centre.
How about cheap price range?
I'm still looking, please stand by.
Okay, once you've found a hotel, could you give me the hotel type, post code and whether or not they have free parking?
The el shaddai is a guesthouse with free parking. The postcode is cb11eg.
Thank you so much, no need for booking, that is all of my questions.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the East part of town.
What type of food is served at [the Missing Sock], and what is the address?
the missing sock serves international food, they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the address?
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
May I have the street address of the establishment.
The address for The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like their phone number or postcode?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye, and please come back to the Cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance.
Thanks, see ya!
Bye bye.


Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.
I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after [20:15].
At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY . Is there anything else I can do for you today?


Hello there! I need a train to Cambridge on Monday.
What is your departure city?
I will be departing from stansted airport. Also, I need to arrive by [14:15].
Sure, TR3304 will get you in Cambridge by 9:52. Can I book a seat for you?
Well, that's a little early, but it should work. I'd like to make a booking for 7 people actually.
OK, I've booked 7 tickets, reference number CY29I3SC . The fee will be 70.70, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a multi sports in the centre of town.
I'm sorry but I don't see any multi sports in the centre of town. Is there another area of town I can check for you?
How about a museum?
Yes there are 11 in the area what kind of museum would you like?
Surprise me. I just need the address.
You should check out broughton house gallary, which is located at 98 king street.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


I'm looking for a [gastropub] restaurant.
The [Backstreet Bistro] serves gastropub food.
Can I have the address and postcode.
The address is 2 Sturton street city centre , C.B 1,2 Q.A.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant System Phone Line. Enjoy your meal!


I need a taxi from [avalon] to [hamilton lodge] at [19:30], please.
I booked you a yellow tesla with the Contact number 07495722772, is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that will be all. Thank you very much for your time.
thanks, enjoy your stay


I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any [Japanese] restaurants in that part of town?
Yes. There is one Japanese restaurant in the centre. It is called [Wagamama] and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to place a reservation?
Yes, if you could that would be great. Can I get their number please?
Phone number is 01223462354. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need reservations for 8 people please.
What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 8 at [14:30] on thursday.
Reference number is : KJBB2GXB . Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. Possibly and entertainment type of venue.
Unfortunately, there aren't any entertainment venues in the centre. Would you like me to search for a different type of venue or in a different area?
Yes, could you try the north please?
I'm sorry, there are none in the north. I have found a few in the east, south and west. Would any of those areas work for you?
okay are their any colleges around? I need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please
My favorite college in the centre is [Jesus College] on Jesus Lane. It's very Jesus-y. Would you like their contact information?
phone number, entrance fee, and address.
The phone number is 01223339485.
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Volkswagen and their contact number is 07598698020.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well!


Help! I am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.
The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre . Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm actually looking for some [italian] food.
[Zizzi cambridge] is cheap and serves Italian food.
And that's in the city centre? If so, can you make us a reservation? I need it for 6 people on Thursday.
Sure, what time would you like the booking?
I need that for [16:15] please.
Reference number is : RVOQBWKG .
Okay, I also need a hotel with wifi and parking.
Would you like a recommendation, or would you like to narrow the search first?
I also need a four star place please.
The allenbell is a lovely guesthouse in the east and it's cheap too!
Please book that for me for today thank you
Thank you I need a 4 star hotel as well
I only need to hotel information for now. Thank you for your help!
Are you sure there is nothing else?
That's it. I'll call you when I need something else. Thanks.
You are so welcome! Good bye.


I'm on the North side, please find me an expensive restaurant here
Would you prefer Chinese, French, or European cuisine?
I'm open. What would you recommend?
I'd recommend [The Hotspot]. It's a Chinese restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, book me for 4 people at [13:15] on friday.
The booking was successful. The reference number is : 37DDZB4H .
Can you find me a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Saturday>
What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave sometime after [16:30].
The TR7824 bus leaves at 17:09. Would you like to book this one?
I do need the price and arrival time first.
It arrives at 18:54 and is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you, that is all I need, you helped me a lot.
Great, have a terrific trip!


I'm going to a particular attraction called the [cambridge punter]. I need general information about it.
Yes, The Cambridge Punter is a boat and is located in the centre part of town. The address is 251a Chestertom Road and their phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on Tuesday.
There are 38 trains that meet your needs. Do you have a departure time in mind?
Yes I would like to leave at [17:00].
okay, the TR9395 leaves at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would you like me to book this?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?
The trip will take 50 minutes and is 16.50 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No thank you. I will do that later. But I've got to get to work. Thanks. Goodbye.
Okay, let us know if there is anything else I can help with.


Need a certain restaurant called [stazione restaurant and coffee bar].
Wonderful! That restaurant is located at Market Hill City Centre, and the telephone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday?
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
[15:00] on thursday, please.
Great I was able to get your table, reference number is 41SZJZMV . Make sure you arrive on time they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by [09:15] should go to cambridge and depart from ely
There are two trains to choose from, one departing at 05:35 and the other 07:35, do you have a preference?
Can I get the price and travel time for the 7:35 departure?
Sure! The fare is 4.40 GBP per person, and it's a short, 17-minute ride.
Can you book it for me?
I certainly can. How many tickets would you like?
I would like a reservation for 3 people please. I would like a reference number.
Your tickets are booked. The reference number is XVS0713S . Can I do anything else for you?
Nope, thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Perfect! I hope that you enjoy your travels and please feel free to contact us again if you need anything. Goodbye!


There is a certain hotel I want to stay in, can you book that?
What is the name of that hotel?
it's the [express by holiday inn cambridge]
Would you like to book a room?
Is there internet?
Express by holiday inn cambridge does have free internet.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about the [Scott Polar Museum]?
Sure. Scott Polar Museum is on Lensfield Road, the entrance fee is free, and their phone number is 01223336540.
Wonderful. Thanks so much for your help today.
You're welcome, can I help with anything else today?
No Thank you, I appreciate all of your help, Goodbye.
Glad I was able to help thanks for using our services. Bye


i need a place to stay
Sure, do you have an area you want to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north. I need free wifi. I'd like to stay in a moderately priced guesthouse please.
How about [kirkwood house]? They are located at 172 chesterton road.
That should work. Can you reserve enough space for 8 people starting on Monday, for five nights?
Okay, your booking as complete! Your reference number is LQ3H9RZR . Can I be of any further help?
I would like to book a place to dine as well.
I can help with that. Is there a certain type of cuisine or price range you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the type of food but it does need to be near the hotel.
There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend hakka.
Is [hakka] moderately priced?
Hakka is an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book it or locate a different restaurant?
I want somewhere in the same price range as my hotel actually. And I don't care about food type but I want to know what kind of food it is
There is The [Nirala], a moderately priced restaurant at 7 Milton Road Chesterton.
Is that in the North area?
Yes it is in the North and it serves Indian food. I also found Golden Wok in the North serving Chinese food. Which would you prefer?
Can you suggest one, no wait, [Chinese] sounds wonderful! I love refried rice!
You will love the golden wok then, would you like more information or a booking?
No booking needed today. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for your help - goodbye!
You're welcome. I am happy you've enjoyed using our services. Bye for now.


Looking for a hotel that is in the north part of town.
What star rating do you prefer?
The hotel should be in the north and doesn't need to include internet.and should be in the moderate price range
I recommend the [Alpha-Milton Guest House] on 63 milton road. Would you like me to go ahead and book you a room?
Yes please, I need 2 nights for 8 people and we will be arriving on Tuesday.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is 8GLX5O9J . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you help me find an attraction to visit that is in the same area as my hotel?
Sure, there are four attractions in the north. Do you prefer boat, park, or swimmingpool?
I don't have a preference. I just need it in the same area.
Okay. [Riverboat Georgina] is a boating attraction in the north. How about that?
That sounds great, could I get their phone number please?
Absolutely, their phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks. That's all I needed for today.
Okay, have a wonderful visit!


Hi there. I am looking to find a train to get me to Cambridge. Can you help with that?
yes i can where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Birmingham new street on Sunday.
I have several options on Sunday starting at 05:40 and leaving every hour. Do you have a particular departure or arrival time in mind?
Do you have a train leaving Sunday at [19:00]?
Starting at 19:40 there are trains every hour through 23:40. Would you like to book a seat on one?
What time does it arrive and whats its ID?
TR2026 arrives by 22:23
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. What do you have in the way of cinemas, in the center?
There is the [Vue Cinema] in Centre off of East Road. Would you like me to check what is playing and book tickets?
No, if you can give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode, I'll do it myself.
They are located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Their postcode is cb11ps. Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee. But, you can contact them at 08712240240 for that info.
Thank you for the information.
Is there anything else I can help you with, today?
That is all, goodbye.
Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant serving [spanish] food, please.
[La Tasca] is a moderately priced Spanish restaurant in Centre.
Please provide address and postcode.
The address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


I'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. I'm treating myself so anything in the expensive range is perfect
What type of food would you like to try? I have many different places.
I'd like to be in the centre of town. Surprise me with the type! I need to book for 8 people on Wednesday [16:00]. Reference number please?
Booking at [midsummer house restaurant] was successful. They serve british food, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4X5NDCA9 .
I also need a place to stay. Cheap guesthouse will do.
[Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is located in the centre, rated 4 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation?
As long as it's cheap, then yes.
Okay, great! How many will be staying, for how many nights, starting what day?
Hang on, I need to check on that.
Okay just let me know
Alright, I need rooms for the same group on the same day. We'll be staying for three nights.
OK, you're booked at the [Alexander], reference #6HRQ154C . Can I help you with anything else today?
yeah, i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant.
What time do you need to leave?
We'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by [16:00] to avoid losing our table. Be sure to provide contact number and car type.
Here's the information about your car: type : red tesla Contact number : 07274986037
Thank you. That is all I needed. You have been a wonderful help.
Thank you, and have a good day!


I am looking for a train from stevenage. It should arrive by [10:30].
I'm happy to help. Can you tell me what day you are traveling?
I will be traveling to cambridge on monday.
TR2494 will leave at 7:54 and arrive by 8:43. Would you be interested in booking this train?
No thank you. I'd like to know the travel time, please?
The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great I'm also looking to get some restaurant information on one named for [charlie chan]
Okay. Charlie Chan is a cheaply-priced Chinese restaurant located in the centre area of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Kindly book for a table for 2 people for same Monday by [20:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NT8AZ1Z .
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, have a good day.
welcome and gooday too
Thank you, you as well!
Enjoy your visit


Are there any colleges I could visit?
Is there a specific area you looking for?
No. Which one do you recommend?
There are no colleges in the area. How else may I help?
There are no colleges in all of Cambridge? I don't believe that is true
I'm sorry, my system went down for a minute. I can recommend Churchill College in the west. And it's free!
That sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Good bye.


Hello. I'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about [sidney sussex college] please.
They are a wonderful college located in the centre of town. They offer free admission. They are located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu. Their phone number is 01223338800.
Will I be able to find it with just the street name? Is that the full address? Sidney Street? Please provide me with the full address.
Yes, it is just on Sidney Street. I don't know the number but it is very prominent. You won't miss it.
OK, thanks! I'm also looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
Ok, you have about 10 different choices. Do you have a preference as to what area you would like to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for one in the East and it should be guesthouse type.
Alright, I have 3 guesthouses that matches your need. They are the [Allenbell], [Autumn House] and [Leverton House]. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Can you tell me how many stars they are and if they have free internet?
All of them have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi and free parking. Can I book a room for you at one of them?
Yes, please book a space for one.
For how many days, and starting when would you like?
Actually I will book it myself. [Allenbell] sounds perfect. Thank you, this is all I needed.
Please don't hesitate to let us know if you need anything else.
You've been very helpful. Goodbye.
Thank you! If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact me again!


I am looking for some place to go in the West.
No problem. Any preference on type?
Any type of attraction will do.
Great. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is located at 2-3 Castle Street and is free. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. I am also looking for a train for Tuesday.
Wow! We've got over 400 choices. Where would you like to depart or arrive?
I also need to get information on trains running from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
That narrows it down a bit. Is there a certain time of day you'd like to travel? The choices range from very early morning to quite late at night.
I would like to arrive at the airport by [08:30].
I have train ID TR0684. It leaves Cambridge at 7:40 and arrives at the airport at 08:08.
Ok that sounds great, thank you! That's all I need for now.
Ok, I booked you on TR0684 tuesday leaving cambridge at 07:40 going to stansted airport with an arrival at 08:08. Anything else I can help with?
Perfect! That will do it for today. Have a great afternoon. Bye.
Have a lovely day then, goodbye.


Would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi?
I certainly can. Do you have additional preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse, and I misspoke earlier. I actually don't care about the internet, but I do need free parking.
I have 21 guest houses, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter.
Ok. The [acorn guest house] is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. Would that work?
Yes. I would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on Wednesday.
Sorry, it was unavailable at that time. Perhaps you might want another day or a shorter stay?
Can you get it for 2 nights?
The reservation for 2 nights was successful. Your reference number is UKSVUD20 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you .
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye.


I need a tax departing from [Kambar] and arriving by [23:15].
Okay, and what is your destination?
I would like to go to a [Shanghai family restaurant] please.
I booked that taxi for you. The car is a red honda and the contact number is 07091293811.
Thank you for you assistance!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I'll be needing for now. You were great, thank you again for helping me!
Thank you for using this system!


I need help booking a train to cambridge today.
There are many trains going to cambridge today. Where are you leaving from and what time do you want to depart or arrive?
I want to leave London Kings Cross on Monday and arrive by [18:15].
I have train TR7556 arriving at 18:08,is that okay?
I will need that for eight people.
Great your booking was successful and your reference number is TESIIRJ1 .
Thanks can you also help me find some food?
Absolutely! What type of cuisine are you interested in trying?
The restaurant should serve [italian] food and should be in the south. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range
[Frankie and Bennys] fits your criteria, shall I book you a table?
Yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at [21:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UA39MMKX . You're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks that's all goodbye
Thank you for calling and enjoy your dinner.


Hi! Are there any [European] restaurants in the center of town?
Yes, there are 8 results for European restaurants in town centre, what price range are you looking for?
Very, very insanely expensive, money is no object.
There are three expensive European restaurants in the Centre area. Would you like to know the name and address of each location?
Yes thank you
[Eraina] is at Free School Lane CIty Centre, phone #01223368786. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday at [16:30] for 4 people.
Success! We've booked your reservation
Can I have the reference number please?
Absolutely. Your reference number is FXDNF0IU . What else can I help you with?
A hotel and should include free parking, in the expensive price range,for same group for 2 nights
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel for 4 people with free parking in the expensive price range, for 2 nights
And what day would you like the reservation for?
I would like the hotel for two nights, starting on Thursday.
You are booked at the [Gonville Hotel] your reference number is LIA4E1ME . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for the assistance.
If you need anything else, please contact us with your needs.
That is all. Thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.


Hi I need a hotel that is in the east. I don't need free parking.
There are is one hotel and six guesthouses in the east. Would you like more information any particular establishment?
I would like the hotel if it has a 4 star rating.
I'm sorry, but there is no 4 Star hotel in the East. May check different area or guesthouse?
What types of guest houses are there in the east?
I have six, what price range are you looking for?
I am not particluar.
[A and B Guest house] is in the the moderate price range. It is on 124 Tenison road. Would you like me to book it?
Do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting Saturday?
Unfortunately no. Would you like to try a shorter duration, or maybe a different checkin day?
Okay, what about 1 night?
Yes, that did the trick. You're booked with reference number 0NDTR3EG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would love to try some [french] food while I am there. Could you help me find a restaurant?
There are no french restaurants in that area would you like to try something else?
I guess so. I guess maybe a good [italian] place would work.
How about [P[izza Hut Fen Ditton]]? Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by [16:15].
What day and time would you need that reservation to be? Where will you be traveling to with the taxi?
Just to commute between the two places.
Okay, your taxi is booked and the car will be a black bmw and their contact number is 07478029188. Is there anything else you need?
Can I please have the phone number and area for Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Also, the guesthouse we booked is 4 stars correct?
It's located in the east. Their phone number is 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 4 stars?
Yes it is rated 4 stars.
Ok great! That's all I needed. Thank you
You are very welcome. I'm glad I could assist.


I would like to book a table at a [turkish] place and is moderately priced.
You have your choice of Anatolia or [Efes restaurant].
I will choose [Anatolia] . Address please ?
The address is 30 Bridge Street in the centre.
Can you book me a table for 7 at [12:30] on thursday?
I got a table at efes instead for you. Your reference number is 2J5AEMRI . Is there anything else?
That will be all thank you.
Thank you for using the system,goodbye.


I would like to stay in a hotel that is moderately priced and includes free parking. Can you help?
[Acorn guest house] is available would you like to try that?
yes. can you please give me the address?
Certainly. Their address is 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da. Can I help with anything else?
Can you tell me how many stars that guesthouse is and the area of town?
The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star guesthouse located in the North. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I don't need to book at the moment, but I was interested in places to go in town. What colleges are there to visit?
I have 18 different colleges. Do you have a certain area you would like?
Surprise me. I do need an address and the entrance fee.
christ's college at saint andrew's street and it's free.
What area is it in for reference?
Christ's College is located in the city centre. Do you need any further information?
Nope, that's perfect. You've been very helpful.
Happy to help. Let us know if you need anything else. Thank you.


where is the parkside police station?
The Parkside Police Station's address is Parkside, Cambridge. Its phone number is 01223358966 and its postcode is CB11JG.
That's all I will need, thank you.
You're welcome, let me know if there's anything else I can do!


I was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.
There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like to try a Chinese cuisine?
Sure, I like [Chinese].
The [good luck] chinese food takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'll need a table for 7 on Monday please.
Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. I'll write it down.
Okay, and when would you like the reservation to be?
For Friday for 2 people thank you !
What time would you like to dine on Friday?
Oh, around [17:15]. But, I meant to say on Monday, not Friday and for 7 people not 2. Thanks!
Ok, I was able to make a booking for 7 people at 17:15. Your reference number is : J2YDX084 . Can I help with anything else?
I'm also in a need of a train
between which areas will you be commuting?
I'll need the train to come to Cambridge, please, so that I can make it to the restaurant that you've booked for me.
Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. The same group from the restaurant will be traveling.
In order to book a train I need departure location, destination, travel time, day of week and number of people.
I will be departing from Leicester and would like to arrive by [11:45].
TR7151 has been booked! Your reference number is Q34HN7VC .
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed.
I hope you have a great stay in Cambridge!


I need a taxi to leave at [03:45] and get me from the [cambridge belfry]
Where will you be going to?
I will be going to the [cow pizza kitchen and bar].
Ok I have a red bmw with contact number 07932775805 booked for you.
Ok thank you for your assistance.
No problem. Are you finished?


i need information of a hotel called [allenbell].
Sure, great guesthouse on the east side. 4 stars but still cheap.
Could you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday? I will also need the reference number.
Yes I was able to do this and the reference number is J7S65ALV .
I am also looking for an entertainment place.
Would you like the attraction in the same area as the guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter. What's the entrance fee and area for your favorite entertainment place?
My favorite is Nusha. It's in the south. Unfortunately, I don't have the information on their entrance fee, but I can give you their phone number, if you like.
That would be fine. I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Ok. Thank you and good bye.


I need a restaurant. I've heard [Nandos] recommended, could you give me more information about it?
Nandos, a portugese restaurant, is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
What is the phone number?
The phone number for nandos south is 01223327908. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that takes care of it
Have a good day!


I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge. I'd like [Mediterranean] food.
I have three different ones. I have two expensive ones and one that is rather cheap. Do you have a preference?
I want the expensive one. Can you give me some information on them?
There is La Mimosa on Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton as well as Shiraz Restaurant at 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
[La Mimosa] sounds interesting. That's all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train that will be leaving anytime after [16:45] going to cambridge, please.
What destination and what day?
The destination is Cambridge and I'd like it on Monday.
There are 77 trains. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Birmingham New Street.
I have a train leaving at 17:40 from birmingham new street to cambridge. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and can you give me the travel time, arrival time, and train ID?
The train we're looking at is TR3130. It arrives at 20:23 so the travel time is 163 minutes. How many seats do you need?
You've given me all the information I need. Thanks. Have a nice day.
My pleasure! Please call us back if we could help you with anything else.


I am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit. Can you help me find a guesthouse?
Sure, got an area of town you want to stay in?
I'll need a guesthouse that has free wifi that has a rating of 4 stars.
What area of town do you want to stay in?
No particular area, could you give me a recommendation?
The [Acorn Guest House] is in the north and moderately priced. Will that suit you?
Yes, that will. Can you please reserve a room for 4 nights beginning on Sunday. There will be six of us.
I was able to book your room per your request. Your reference number is : 40VQ9ANP . Was there anything else you needed?
I am also looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant nearby.
In what area would you like it to be?
In the centre please.
I would suggest this place the [golden curry].
Can I have the phone number and postcode please?
01223302330. Post code is cb21dp. Is there anything else you will need?
That is all I need, good day.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a great trip!


Find me a cheap [vietnamese] food place please.
We have [thanh binh]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Thursday at [15:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LAKQV5EK .
I also need a Friday train.
OK, from where to where do you need a train?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.
There are 19 trains. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive at Birmingham new street by [21:15], please.
There are 15 possible options. Do you want me to reserve some tickets for you?
Yes please pick the last option and book 8 tickets for me. I will definitely need the reference number too.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is Z277D99H .
Great. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome, let us know if we can help with anything else.


Good morning! Can you help me get a taxi to take me from [Clare College] to [Cambridge] that gets there by [18:00]?
Yes, I have a car for that time, would you like me to book it?
Please. Can I get the contact number and car type for that?
Yes, look out for a grey ford. The contact number is 07562472408. May I help with anything else?
Actually, can I change the destination to [Christ's College]?
Ok, so that was a cab leaving from clare college and going to christ's college arriving there at 18:00?
Yes. Could I have the contact number and car type for this trip?
Yes, it will be a grey Ford and the contact number is 07562472408. What else can I help you with?
That takes care of what I needed today. Thanks and have a good day.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range
There are 9 cheap guesthouses in Cambridge. To help narrow it down, is there a part of town you prefer?
Not really. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse, though, is that possible?
There are seven that fit. Might I suggest the [alexander bed and breakfast]?
I think I have heard of that. Can you just get me an address?
Absolutely! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to book your stay?
No. I do need some options for Entertainment sort of attractions. In the centre of town.
I have many ideas such as architecture, museums, theaters etc. Do you have a preference?
Museums or theaters, thank you.
I recommend the Broughton House Gallery. Would you like more information?
Actually, what colleges do you recommend?
Downing College looks nice, do you need to know anything else?
Could you give me the phone number and address for [Downing College] please?
The phone number is 01223334860. The address is regent street, post code cb21dq. May I help with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Yes I am looking for a attraction called [holy trinity church].
Holy Trinity Church is located on Market St in postcode cb23nz. It's free to get in. Did you have any further questions?
Do you have the address of holy trinity church?
Yes it's on Market street.
Thank you. Can you help me find a train going to Leicester?
Yes, when would you like to leave?
anytime after [19:00]
I have a train that leaves at 19:21. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.
TR4708 departs cambridge at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Can I book that for you?
Yes. I would like to book for 3 people and will need a reference number.
I booked you 3 seats on TR4708 leaving Cambridge on Saturday at 20:21, the total fee is 90.72 GBP and your reference number is FVMA8AAO .
That's all I need. Thank you.
I'm glad that I can be of help please have a great trip.


I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
There are 32 matching that. Do you have a price range or an area preference?
Yes, I'd like to stay on the north end of the city if possible. No too expensive, please. Something that's moderately priced would be best.
How many days will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet. If you have a moderately priced hotel in the north with wifi, I need the name and phone number.
I have found matching two hotels in that area. Ashley Hotel has two stars, and Lovell Lodge also has two stars. Would you like me to book one?
No thanks. I just need the postcode and phone number of Lovell Lodge please.
The postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks.
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!


Please help me, I've just been robbed and I need to report this to the police.
The local police station's number is 01223358966.
And the address for the police station please?
Yes, it is Parkside, Cambridge.
That's all I need, thanks.
Okay, please let me know if I can be of further assistance.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Are you looking for a particular department?
No, but can I please get their main phone number?
01223245151, is the phone number.Anything else?
No. That is all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!


I am looking for a train departing from London Kings Cross.
I have 70 trains departing from that location, do you have any more information to narrow it down some?
Yes, I'd like to go to Cambridge on Tuesday, sometime after [13:15].
Train TR3456 leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like to book this train?
I think that will work. What is the ticket price and travel time for that train?
The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. Travel time on this route is 51 minutes. Would you like me to arrange a booking on this train?
Yes, that sounds good.
Great, I have booked your ticket. Your reference number is : 3TF3UIGP .
Okay thank you for all your help.
You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
Have a wonderful day!


Hi, I'm looking for some train information. Could you tell me what trains leave on Wednesday for Norwich?
There are 19 entries found. Where would you be coming from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and I need to arrive by 12:00.
There is a train that arrives at 11:55. The trainID is TR9635. Would you like me to book that?
Sure, that sounds great.
How many seats would you like?
just one.
You have been booked!
thanks!
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much!
You are welcome! Have a safe trip!


I need a taxi to take me in time for my reservation to [tang chinese] today
Where will you leave from?
I am leaving from the [backstreet bistro].
Alright. I will just need a time from you please.
I want to arrive by [18:00]
Booking is complete, a grey tesla will be arriving at 18:00. The contact number is 07243724592. Do you need any further assistance? .
Great, thanks! That was everything.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when I am visiting Cambridge.
Acorn guest house in the north has a 4 star rating and free internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you tell me if Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range?
Yes it is in the moderate price range. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting Thursday.
I'm sorry, that is not available. Could you possibly shorten your stay? Also, this is a guesthouse, were you looking for a hotel room instead?
Yeah, let's just try for one night please.
Sorry, let me try to get this right. Are you looking for a moderate priced hotel(?) or guesthouse(?), with wifi, in the north? Does star number matter? For 1 night?
I want it to be a hotel and the stars don't matter.
OK, the [Ashley Hotel] is a moderately priced hotel in the north with free wifi. Would you like a room there?
Yes. I need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.
Unfortunately, booking was not available. Could you choose another day or arrange for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night? I can use the reference number, too, if successful. Also, are there museums in town?
There is ashley hotel with all your requirements met. Can I book for you? What kind of museum are you interested in?
Yes, book it and I need a reference number. It doesn't matter the kind of museum.
OK, I have you booked at the ashley hotel. There are no Museums in the North, where are you wanting it located?
What is the reference number for the Ashley Hotel?
I apologize. I thought the booking had confirmed but it did not. They are booked full. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you book it for 1 night?
I'm sorry, we don't have any rooms available there on Thursday. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, I need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the north area.
I am sorry but the room in that area on Thursday are booked. Shall I try another day for you?
Hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the North for 4 people, 1 night on Thursday?
Yes, Unfortunately I double checked all the hotels available for what you are looking for. They are all booked up for the night.
All right, then let's start all over again. I need a place to stay for 4 people 3 nights, if not then for one night.
The [Avalon] shows availability for 3 nights starting Thursday for 4 people. It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah this seems fine. Go ahead and book it for me.
I apologize, as I went to book it someone else must have already snagged it. Can you stay on a different day maybe?
No, but please try 1 night instead of 3.
I was able to find you one night at the avalon hotel? May I book it for you?
Yes, please book that for me and give me the reference number.
Booking was unsuccessful. Can I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about starting on Friday?
sorry, but Friday is all booked
Book whatever is avaliable, thanks!
I apologize for the long wait. You are booked at the hamilton lodge. Your reference number is EL2JG964 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like to visit a museum.
We have many museums in town, in every area except the north. Do you have a preference?
No, just let me know what you would recommend and give me the postcode, area, and phone number.
I like [byard art], the postcode is cb21sj and their address is 14 king's parade
Thank you for that, can I have their phone number as well?
Of course you can, it's 01223464646. Would that be all for you today?
Yes, that is all that I needed. Thank you for your help! Goodbye.
Thank you so much for your patience. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train to peterborough.
OK, and what day and time are you looking for?
I am looking to go from cambridge to peterborough and leave after [14:15]
There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day you prefer?
I'll be traveling on Tuesday.
Great. You can leave as soon as 14:34 or as late as 23:24. Do you have a preference?
I will take the 14:34. Can you book that for 4 people and provide me with a reference number please?
Yes certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 8CRQIYB0 .
Thank you so much! Goodbye!
Have a great day!


I need a train that is departing from Cambridge and is leaving after [12:15].
Sure, let's narrow down your search. What is your destination?
I need to go to Stansted airport.
Okay we have a lot of trains that meet your requests, is there a specific time you want to get to the airport by?
No, I just need to leave Cambridge after 12:15 on Tuesday.
How many people in your party?
I am not sure yet. What are the prices for tickets?
The cost per ticket for that train route is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you book any tickets?
no not at that time.Im also looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking in the expensive price range
I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your request, would you like a hotel or a different price range?
How about moderate?
There are several options would you like to be more specific on what you need?
I have no more specific needs. Can you select your favorite and tell me their area, if they have internet, and how many stars they have?
Bride Guest House is in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. It is rated 3 stars and has free internet and parking.
Ok that's all the information I need, thank you for your time.
You're welcome.


I need a taxi to take me to [rajmahal].
Where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from [gallery at twelve a high street].
And when would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [3:45].
I have you booked in a grey audi.
Thank you, can you give me the contact number please?
Contact number is 07270553802
Thank you for your help.
You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's it. Thank you so much!
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day.


I am looking for a museum to visit!
Do you have a preference for which area of town?
I don't care which part of town it's in. I don't mind doing some walking.
How about [Broughton House Gallery]? It's located in the centre, at 98 King Street.
That sounds interesting! What is the post code?
The postcode for Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all. Thank you!
Have a great trip!


I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
Sure, what is your price point?
i don't have one. I just need a guesthouse in the north.
There are several options. Did you have star rating in mind?
No i don't. I just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday night.
Your reservation at the [Worth House] for this Wednesday for 4 days 3 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : NASKA6OK .
I would like to get some pricey food too.
Ok i will find you one .Welcome it has been a pleasure to serve you


Yeah, would you happen to know if there is anything fun to do in town near me?
There are many options. What attraction type do you prefer? Any preference for area?
I'm not sure what types are available, but I am looking for something in the city centre.
In the centre of town there are 44 different attractions. I have theatres, nightclubs, swimming pools, parks, museums, concerthalls, colleges and boats. Does one of those interest you?
Please pick your favorite one to recommend to me and provide me with the name, attraction type, and entrance fee. I am open to anything!
I enjoy going to a concert hall. There is the man on the moon in the centre of town. You can call them for the fee at 01223474144.
Thanks for the information. What can you tell me about a restaurant called [Galleria]?
Galleria is a European restaurant in the centre of town, Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. Book a table for 6 people at [17:45] on Friday.
Thank you for holding. I have booked a table for you at the [Galleria]. Your reference number is PUVXNKEZ . Would you like their address and phone number?
No, thanks. I will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by [17:45].
Where would be your departure site?
The concert hall you recommended. [T[he man on the moon]]?
Ok, I have booked the taxi for you. It will be a black Volkswagen & their # is 07107131521. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that should cover it. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!


I need a hotel in the lower price range that includes free parking.
You're in luck, I have 10 results that match that description! What area of town are you looking for?
Any area, really. But also free internet if possible!
They all have free wifi! I recommend the [Allenbell] guesthouse in the east.
Can you book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting Friday?
I have your reservation for 6 people starting friday and staying 2 nights, your reference number is XELL9B9J . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to Ely.
What day did you want to travel and did you have a time you preferred to leave?
I'd like to leave after [10:15] on Sunday.
I have train TR1159 leaving at 11:50 and arrive 12:07. WOuld you like to book that?
yes please book it.
Sure, should I book for 6 people?
I do not need to book it, all I needed was that info today, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I am looking for a train. The train should leave on monday and should go to birmingham new street
What is your departure time and location?
Leaving Cambridge going to Birmingham New Street on Monday any time after [15:15].
There are several trains available. Are you able to provide a specific time?
No, the first train after 15:15 will work. I need to book the trip for 8 people, and please include my reference number.
Train TR7900 leaves cambridge for birmingham new street monday at 16:01. Your reference number is OCF8O3GJ .
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre of town?
Sure, there is cambridge arts theatre, it is located at 6 saint edward's passage. There are 3 others if you would like information on them as well.
Sure. Can you give me the names and addresses of the other 3 as well?
cambridge arts theatre is at 6 saint edward's passage, mumford theatre is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road; and the cambridge corn exchange is at wheeler street.
Ok, great. That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!
Have a great day!


I need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the moderate price range.
There are 17 results. Can I narrow that down by a certain area?
Not really, but it should have 4 stars and be in a guesthouse.
I would recommend [home from home], which is located in the north part of town at 78-80 milton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 3 people and 2 nights starting from Sunday.
Okay, I've booked your guesthouse for 2 days starting on Sunday. Your reference number is XYQCAGO8 . Is there anything I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
you are most welome


Are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town?
[the cambridge belfry] is a hotel located in the west and is cheap. Has 4 stars and free internet and parking.
I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday for 2 people for 4 nights please.
I have booked you and another person for this Saturday for 4 nights.
Awesome, what about reference number?
Sure, my bad! The reference number is 169N4VTV . Do you need anything else?
thas all i needed. have a great day!
glad i could help, enjoy!


Hello, I would like some suggestions for college attractions in town. Could you help me?
There are a lot to choose from! There's Hughes Hall and Jesus College in the centre of town, Magdalene College and Queen's College in the west, and many others.
I will go with whatever you recommend, I'll just need to know the entrance fee and postcode.
Magdalene college on magdalene street, in the west, has many repeat visitors. The college is free and the post code is cb30ag. Their phone number is 01223332138. Anything else?
Thank you. Do you have any information about a specific hotel named the [el shaddai]?
El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap price range found in the center of town. their address is 41 warkworth street
Thanks so much. You've been very helpful. That's all for me today. Have a good night. Bye.
Thank you for using our system!
You betcha. Bye-bye!
Have a great day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
sure, what information do you need?
I am going to be attending college soon and want to browse one of the campuses while I am in the area.
well we have quite a few what area please
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.
Sure. There are 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free, but some have a small entrance fee. Would you like a list or a recommendation?
Yes, that would be great! And if you could give me the entrance fee that would be great too.
Well they are almost all free and located in the city center. I would recommend [Christ's College] for one.
Okay can I have the address and phone number?
The address is saint Andrew's street, and the phone is 01223334900. Can I assist with anything else?
I also am looking for a train on wednesday leaving peterborough.
Did you have a destination or time in mind?
Yes. I am going to Peterborough.
I'd like to confirm that you want a train leaving Cambridge and arriving at Peterborough.
Yes, that's right. It should leave after [8:00]. Book for 4 people.
I will be booking your tickets for train TR7413. It will leave at 8:06 and arrive at 08:56. The total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Reference #VAFLR9OD .
Thanks so much for your help today!
You are quite welcome, we are happy to help. Is there anything further that you need assistance with today?
No that is it. Thank you very much.
Have a great time!


I am looking for a cheap [modern European] restaurant. Can you help me?
The [River Bar Steakhouse and Grill] fits that description. Would you like me to book you?
Yes. 3 people at [13:00] on Thursday.
I will book that for you now.
Thank you! What's the reference number?
I have booked your table and the reference number is : A36LRSL9 .
I am also looking for places to go where I can take a boat.
Yes I have places in the east, north and center. Any preference?
Preferably in the centre, I'll be staying in that area with some friends.
There is a place in the centre named [Scudamores punting co] where you can get a boat. Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes, may I get the address, entrance fee and phone number please?
Yes, they are located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs. You will have to call for an entrance fee, the phone number is 01223359750.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance.


I need some help with a car accident I was in.
Contact the police at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Ok, thank you for your help.
I hope your day gets better!


I'd like a train to Leicester to arrive by [9:45].
Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave from Cambridge, please.
There are 28 trains, do you have a day preference?
I need to leave on Tuesday.
Train TR2863 leaves on Tuesday at 7:21 and arrives at 9:06. Would you like me to book?
I sure would, thanks. I will need seats for 8 people.
Your reference number is : XNMIHQHK, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. Have a great day!
You as well, enjoy your trip!


I am looking for a train leaving from Norwich.
Sure. What time are you looking to leave?
I would like to leave after [09:45]
Which day are you looking to travel?
I am looking to go to cambridge on tuesday
Okay, I have 14 trains on that route leaving hourly on the :16 from 10:16 to 23:16. TR0667 leaves at 10:16, arrives at 11:35, with a total duration of 79 minutes.
Ok, do you have one that leaves at [11:16]? Can you provide me with the train id for that one?
Yes, a train leaves at 11:16 with the ID TR0839.
Thank you very much for your help!
Glad I could be of assistance.


I'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Indian] food
curry garden is a nice place to dine. Do you want to book ?
Is that in the west area. I really would like to be in the west.
Here is one in the west. Will this work for you [maharajah tandoori restaurant].
Great. I would like that. Can you book us for 8 people on Thursday at [16:45]?
Done! Your reference number is 2AYFR5LL . Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel. I need free parking. It can be an expensive place.
There are quite a few hotels that meet that requirement. Do you have a preference on what part of town you'd like to be in?
I really don't. Do you have any recommendations?
I will recommend the [huntingdon marriot hotel] to you. It is a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi and has excellent reviews though expensive.
Does that include free wifi?
I cannot find the info on free wifi or not, I apologize.
It should be right there under internet...
My mistake. Yes, there is free internet. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't want to book it just yet. Thanks for all your hard work.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's good thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Good morning, I need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range. Can you please tell me what is available?
I have 5 hotels that fit those qualifications, do you want to stay in a specific part of town, or is there a star rating you're looking for?
I would like the hotel to be in the north please.
I do not have any expensive hotels in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
Okay, well, how about mid-price range then?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. 7 people, Monday, for 3 nights.
The booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another time?
Yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Monday.
Archway house is available. It is a moderately priced guest house in the north with wifi. Your reference number is TBHIHEJT . Would that work for you?


Can you help me find a hotel today?
I sure can help you! Is there a particular area you are wanting to search in?
I was hoping for a hotel in the east that is cheap.
There are no matches that fit the criteria, can I look for something else?
A 4 star hotel with wifi and free parking ?
i suggest you seeuniversity arms hotel . it is expensive located in regent street,cb21ad. you want their phone number?
That is all I need for the hotel. But I am looking for a place to dine.
There are over 100 restaurants in the city, could you tell me which area or cuisine you are wanting so I can narrow the choices down?
I'm actually interested the [saffron brasserie] and I'd like to book it for one on Saturday @ [15:00] . May I have the reference number?
Unfortunately I am unable to book that for you. Is there a different option.
Yes, can you try for [14:00] instead?
It was booked, your reference number is 0482J6XU is there anything else?
No, that is okay. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Good bye


I want to find a cheap restaurant serving [hungarian] food.
What area would you like to look in?
I do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap.
There are no hungarian restaurants I can direct you to. Would you like another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves [modern european] food?
The [the river bar steakhouse and grill] is cheap and serves modern european food
Can I get the address and postcode?
Their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q. May I help you with anything else?
That's it, Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and good bye.


I want a train out of Stevenage on Saturday.
Alright, did you have a certain destination in mind?
I want to arrive by [11:30] at Cambridge.
There are three trains, one arrives at 6:43, one at 8:43, and one at 10:43, which would you like to book?
The one arriving at 10:43. I just need 1 ticket and a reference number please.
Great! I've booked your trip on Saturday leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Your reference number is 5CWS7ER4 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find an [italian] restaurant to eat at in the west.
There are two options. Prezzo is moderately-priced and La Margherita is cheap. Would you like me to book a table for you at one of those?
[La Margherita] is perfect for me, please book me a table at that one.
What day and time would you like the table at La Margherita?
Saturday at [15:15].
I was unable to book a reservation at La Margherita for Saturday at 15:15. Is there another day or time that you would like?
Could you see if there's anything at [14:15]?
The booking was successful . Your reservation number is C9SBUT9T . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.
Okay, Thank You. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves [European] food.
Sure, I have located several European restaurants, is there a particular area you're looking for?
Yes, I would prefer the north.
I'm not seeing any in the north. Would you like to try another area, or another cuisine?
That's fine. Can you find me a [chinese] restaurant in the same area?
Yes, we have the [Golden Wok] Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sure, I need to book it for 6 people, please.
What day and time would you prefer?
I would like it to be on Friday at [18:15].
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GS2CO4IV . May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
There are 4 attractions in the north: 1 boat, 1 park, and 2 swimming pools. Do you have a preference?
Yes the boat attraction, can I get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?
[Riverboat Georgina] is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. I don't have a listing for their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902091. I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
Thanks. I would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please.
I have booked you a car. It is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07486387305. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else. Goodbye.
Goodbye, hope you have a lovely day.


Where are the good places to go?
There is so much to see here. Is there a particular area you will be in?
Yes, the centre is where I will be staying.
There are 44 attractions to choose from. Which type would you like?
Something that you think is interesting, Can I have the address as well?
Would a museum or theatre be of interest to you?
A museum would be fine. Just pick a good one for me please.
The [primavera] is nice and it is free. Would you like to know more?
find me its phone number and address.
The address for Primavera is 10 king s parade, postal code cb21sj, they cbr at 01223357708, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also need a hotel, definitely not a guesthouse, with free parking, please.
There is [university arms hotel] located in the centre it is a 4star hotel with free parking and internet. WOuld you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I'll take care of that. I need the price range and their postcode please.
They are in the expensive price range, and postcode is cb21ad
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You are welcome. It was my pleasure serving you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the South part of town?
How about the lucky star, a nice chinese place in the south
Is it cheap and in the south?
Yes, the [Lucky Star] is both cheap and in the south part of town.
OK. What is the address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for the Lucky Star is 01223 244277. Is there anything I can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal?


Hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. I would also like the train to go to peterborough.
Ok, I have 38 trains heading to Peterborough on Sunday. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [15:00].
Sure, there are plenty of trains that you could take. The first is at 15:34, then 16:06, and there are many more. Is there a time that's best?
The 15:34 sounds perfect. Could you book me tickets for 2?
I have booked 2 seats on TR4558. The cost is 13.20 pounds. Train leaves cambridge sunday at 16:06. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you, I also need to find a room.
Is there a specific area you'd like me to search?
No, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. I would like it to be a 2 star hotel.
There are 3 matches for your preferences. I recommend [Ashley Hotel].
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. I'll need a reference number.
Ok. The booking was successful and your reference number is PFMOZLXC .
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. Bye!
Great, it was a pleasure assisting you! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[the missing sock] is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
What is the address and phone number?
The address of The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you, I have everything I need. Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I was robbed! I need help!
Contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
Can you give me their address, please?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
enjoyed your services. keep that up
Do you need any further assistance?
No, I'm going to the police station now. Thanks for your help.
Youre welcome. Goodbye


Can you tell me how to get to Addenbrookes Hospital?
I could just call an ambulance
I need the address of the hospital and the phone number of the [transplant high dependency unit] department, please.
The address for the hospital is Hills Rd in Cambridge. The phone number for the Transplant High Dependency Unit is 01223216811.
Great that's all I needed, thank you!
OK, please don't hesitate to contact me again if you need more help. Bye.


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please.
Acorn guest house is available if that would work for you?
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 4 star rating in the east part of town.
Then the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] or Warkworth House might be more to your liking, they're both 4-star guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
I would like to be booked into the [Warkworth House] starting Tuesday.
Okay. How many people will be staying?
Seven, and three Nights from Tuesday on.
I'm sorry, but there aren't enough rooms available at the Warkworth House. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, any in the same pricerange.
I got you a room at carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is IBNBRCMH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much, that was all I needed today.
Enjoy your stay


I am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.
I have about 24 different options. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range or area?
it should have star of 0 and should be in the expensive range.
I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to switch up your rating or price range?
Sure, I could stay at a cheap guesthouse.
ok, I have one in the north or in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I will take the one in Centre, can you book that for 8 people starting Friday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well please.
I have booked the [El Shaddai] for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. The reference number is BX3X2XZ1 .
Next up I'd like to inquire about a train going to norwich.
To narrow down the search, could I possibly have the date and the departure location for the train and possibly a desired time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday and need to arrive by [13:15], please.
Certainly. TR2625 leaves at 11:46 and arrives at 12:55. Will that do?
Yes. What is the travel time, price, and departure time?
The departure time will be at 11:46 with a travel time of 1 hour 10 minutes. The price is in the cheap range.
That should be all. thank you very much.
The price for you trip to Norwich is 17.60 pounds. Do you have any final question?
No thank you very much. Good bye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.
There are 33 expensive resturants in the city center. We could narrow it down more by food type. What type of food would you like?
I do not care about that.
[Bedouin] serves African food, is in the center, and in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book this restaurant?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on Tuesday.
Ok I have booked you at Bedouin on Tuesday at [19:15] for 7 people.
May I have the reference number please?
It is actually not open then, another day or place to dine?
How about a different restaurant in the area and price range?
I was able to book you at [the Cambridge chop house]. Reference number K1T50MHG .
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.


Hello I am seeking a restaurant in the west side of Cambridge to eat at. Please only suggest expensive places.
There are 9 matches. Do you have a food preference?
I would like to eat [British] food.
I suggest [Graffiti]. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please. I need a table for 7 at [15:30] on Monday.
I was able to book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday. Your confirmation number is C1555WJL . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay. Something that is expensive and has free wifi.
There are 5 expensive hotels with free wifi. Do you have a preference of area?
I'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 4 star hotel with free parking.
Then I suggest the [huntingdon marriott hotel]. It is on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like for me too book it?
Yes please. Book it for he same group of people and 3 nights starting from the same day.
Booking was successful. Reference number is: VJ7YQQS7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a taxi to get to the hotel after the restaurant
When would you like to leave the restaurant?
Wait, I want it to go to the restaurant by [15:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volvo Contact number : 07237462964
Thank you so much for all the help!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I need a train. The train should depart from ely and should leave on thursday.
I would be happy to assist you in finding a train! Can you please advise where you will be traveling to?
Cambridge. I need to get there by [11:15].
I have 3 options to choose from: arrival times of 5:52, 7:52 and 9:52. Which do you prefer?
I will take 9:52
price is 4.40 pounds should i book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 8 tickets for me and pleases give me the reference number.
I was able to book 8 Train tickets for you at the cost of 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 27OF6EO3 .
I'm also looking for information on the [Whipple Museum of the History of Science].
Okay, it's a museum in the city centre. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, is there an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That takes care of my needs today. Take care. Goodbye.
Enjoy your trip!


I need to get to cambridge after [19:30]
There are more than 300 trains that arrive in cambridge after 19:30. What day were you looking to travel and from where?
I'd be leaving from London Liverpool Street on Saturday.
Yes I have a train leaving from Liverpool Street that will arrive in Cambridge at 19:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
How long is the travel time, and what is the price for that train please?
Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes, and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book it, if so how many riders will there be?
No that's OK, I'll book it later if I need to. Can you tell me anything about a lodging place named "[A and B]" something?
Sure. It's called [a and b guesthouse], found on 124 tension road and is in the moderate price range.
I'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 4 nights starting on Saturday night. I will need the reference number once it's made.
You have been successfully booked and the reference number is L1M02MWF . Can I help you with anything else?
No, indeed. That will be all. Thank you.
You are welcome. Have a very nice day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
OK, and how can I help you?
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge.
Any particular location or price range?
Yes I would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.
University Arms is available.
What's their address and star rating? And do they have free parking?
[University Arms Hotel] Star rating is 4. Should i go ahead and book that for you?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address
They do have parking. They are on Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train for 6 people departing at Cambridge and arriving at Stevenage at [10:30].
What day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on a Monday please.
Let me find one for you.
Excellent, thanks.
I found you the TR8290 that leaves at 09:21 on monday arriving at 10:10. Would you like to book this one?
I need it to arrive at 10:30 actually.
That is the closest train we have to 10:30
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?
Your train is booked. Total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: L9XGQW87
Great, thank you! I won't be needing anything else! Bye!
Have a wonderful time in town. I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I need a train leaving from Cambridge.
Absolutely, what day of departure and what destination location?
I am heading to London Kings Cross and would need the train for Wednesday please. Oh and I need to leave after [18:00] sometime.
Okay, the TR8676 train leaves at 19:00 and arrives at 19:51. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes I need that for 3 people please.
I have booked your tickets. 70.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is JLCUPIN6
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
My pleasure. Thank you.


I need a train to Cambridge that will arrive by [18:03] and leaving on Friday.
We have many trains going to Cambridge, Where are you departing from?
Depart from Cambridge and go to Stansted Airport
The closest train meeting you requirements will arrive in Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works. May I get the departure time, travel time, and price for that as well?
The train departs at 17:40 duration 28 minutes price 10.10 pounds.
I would also like to find out if there are any museums located in the centre of town.
I show 11 results for museums in the centre, all free entrance. To name a few there is castle galleries, primavera, ruskin gallery. Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number and address for Castle Galleries?
Sure the phone number and address for Castle Galleries are 01223307402 and unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Is there an entrance fee?
No, no fee it is free entrance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all.
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Hello, I am looking for a hospital in town. Can you please help me find one?
The Addenbrookes Hospital should suit whatever need you have.
Can I have the address, please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me their phone number and postcode, please?
The telephone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ. May I help you with something else?
Thanks, that's all. Goodbye, now.
Thank you for using our services.


Could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town?
We have several options. Will you be needing parking or internet?
I need to have free wifi.
I have 4 gueshouses all located in the south. May I book a room for you?
Yes that is fine.
When would you like to go and what size party will you have?
4 people. Starting Tuesday, 5 nights.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
As long as it's in the same price range. Can you give me the reference number too please?
Booking was successful at the [aylesbray lodge guest house]. The reference number is 8LNX4EQO .
Thank you. That's everything.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi I want to book a taxi from [cocum] leaving [after 9am].
What is your destination please?
I'd like to go from Cocum to [Hobson's House]. I also need the car type and contact number.
Of course, your taxi is reserved, the vehicle will be a white skoda and the contact phone number is 07557776784
Thank you so much. That is all that I need today!
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday from Stevenage. Can you help me locate one?
There is a train that leaves stevenage at [05:54] a.m on Wednesday and arrives in cambridge at [06:43] a.m.
That would work for me.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you please and send me a reference number? Thank you
Okay, your ticket has been booked! Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would please. Thanks.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RD07CL03 .
Could you give me the train ID, too?
The Train ID is TR9448. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [modern eclectic] food.
Unfortunately, there are no restaurants matching your query. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
What about a [Chinese] Restaurant?
There are 10 in the area. Which price range would you like to narrow the results down to?
I'm not really concerned with price. Which would you suggest?
I would recommend the rice house, would you like reservations?
I just need the address, price range, and the postcode.
Rice house is cheap. The postcode is cb12bd and address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Anything more today?
Um are there any chinese places to eat in that area? I want to keep my options open.
The only one in the area is called [Rice House].
Cool, I will go with that, no need ot book a reservation, Ill do it later, that is everything.
Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I get the address to the Rice House?
Sure. The address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Is that all for you today?
What is the price range on that? And also the post code?
Rice house is cheap. The post code is cb12bd.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Have a good day!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after [6:30 PM]. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.
I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.
There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?


Hi, I'd like to find out about the [Hobsons House] hotel.
Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west part of town, it is moderately priced with 3 stars, internet and parking. Would you like more information?
If you have it, can I get their phone number and postcode please.
Sure thing. The Hobsons House can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Did you need assistance booking a reservation there?
I'm not quite sure yet. Do they have free parking?
They sure do, as well as free internet. Would you like me to book you a room now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You too, thank you.
Feel free to call us when you are ready to book. Good bye.


May I please have the number for the local police?
I'd be happy to help you with that. Their number is 01223358966. Is there anything else?
Yes, i need the address and postcode.
The address is parkside, cambridge and he postcode CB11JG.


Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by [16:00]
There are multiple trains. Where will you departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'm departing on sunday.
The TR2141 leaves Cambridge at 13:59 on Sunday and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:27. Is that the train you need?
What is the total travel time?
The trip will take 88 minutes. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No,I am also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [British] food and should be in the moderate price range
There are several restaurants that serve british food. Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or the west?
I just need it to be moderately priced so I can make a reservation.
Restaurant One Seven is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?


Hello. Could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city?
There are 2 options. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves Italian food and Restaurant alimentum serves modern European food.
Do you have anyplace that serves [Chinese] food?
I'm sorry, there are no Chinese restaurants located in the south that is moderately priced.
OK I will go with [Italian] food and pick the [Pizza hut cherry] hinton. Thank you for your help.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at [19:00] on Sunday. Thank you.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a differen't time slot?
How about [18:00]?
Good news! Your reservation has been booked for Sunday at 18:00 for 4 people. The reference number is YJ0B5W19 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thank you!
Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for some information about [the Cambridge Corn Exchange].
Hello, the Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre located on Wheeler Street, in the Centre area. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, can I get the attraction type, the phone number, and the address please? This sounds like it would be a great place!
It's a theatre on Wheeler Street; their phone number is 01223357851.
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on the [Gonville Hotel].
The gonville Hotel is a 3 start hotel in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Would you like more information?
Yes please, do they offer free wifi and parking?
Yes, they offer free Internet and parking.
Thank you. That is all the information I need at this time.
Your welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.


Can you help me find a place to stay?
Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the South please.
There are 4 nice places to stay in that area, is there a price range you prefer?
I've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. I need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.
There's one guesthouse, [el shaddai], that fits your criteria. Do you need more information?
No, but I do need a reservation for Wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LG6AFLVA .
Thanks. Could you also help me locate an expensive [british] restaurant?
The Cambridge Chop House sounds like it might be what you are looking for.
That sounds wonderful! Is it in the same area as the hotel?
Your hotel is in the south and the cambridge chop house is in the centre, is that okay?
Hmm, I really want to stay near the hotel. Do you have anything in the south instead?
In the south we do not have any expensive british restaurants. We do have chinese, indian, italian or mexican.
My hotel is in the centre, so the [Cambridge Chop House] will actually work. Can you make me a booking for 3 people on Wednesday?
Yes I can. What time would you like to eat?
I want to eat at [16:15].
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 1T0DI06Z . Can I help you with anything else?
Oh yeah, I'm going to need a ride to get around.
I have booked you a taxi to take from your hotel to The Cambridge Chop House. Contact number : 07124495603
Thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?
It will be a black Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all I need for today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!


Can you tell me where the nightclubs are in east Cambridge?
There are no nightclubs in the east. Do you have another preference?
Are there any museums in the East then?
We have 4 museums in the East. Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all free. Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds.
Can I have the postcode for [Cambridge Artworks], please?
It is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a Train, I am hoping to leave sometime on Friday and arrive by [12:45].
Where will you travel to and from?
I am going to leicester from cambridge.
There are 5 trains that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book you with the earliest?
No, I actually just need the train ID. The earliest train would be great.
The earliest train is the train TR4826.
that is all i need for now. thanks for helping
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I need to find a nightclub to visit while in town.
Our night life is so much fun! How about ballare in the centre? Their phone number is 01223364222.
I was looking for something in the east actually.
Unfortunately there are no nightclubs in East city, they are mostly in Centre city with one in the south as well. Would you like info for one of those?
I'd really like to stay on the east side. What about a museum?
The [Cambridge Artworks] museum is on the east side. It's lovely and, better yet, it's free!
Okay. What is the address and postcode for that museum?
They are located at 5 Greens Road and the postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need some info on the [a and b guest house].
The A and B guest house is moderately priced with 4 stars and free internet but no parking, unfortunately. What else can I do for you?
I'd like to book for 6 people starting Thursday for 3 nights.
I have you booked at the A and B. Your reference number is Q4AP5YL1 . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome, enjoy the museum.


I am looking for the price range and address of the [Meze Bar] Restaurant
They are in the expensive price range, and their address is 196 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the info I needed. Thanks.
Alright, you're quite welcome! Enjoy your time in town!


Hi there. Can you help me find a museum in the west part of town?
Yes there are many. Do you have a preference for type?
As long as it's a museum in the west, I'm happy. Can you pick one and give me the postcode?
cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west. Its postcode is cb30af.
Thank you. I am also hoping to book a train to Cambridge from Ely.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave for Ely sometime after [8:30] on Saturday.
I have the TR3177 train leaving at 09:50 on Sunday, would that work?
I actually need to leave on Saturday. Is there something leaving at a similar time?
How about TR0718? It leaves at 09:50.
That would be perfect, can you book that for one and give me the reference number please?
Okay I've done that for you. Your reference number INEQVBMN .
That is all I need today. Thank you for all of your help.
You're quite welcome, have a lovely day! Enjoy Cambridge!
Thank you, have a good day!
its been our pleasure to serve you.


I need a train to Ely, please.
What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving Sunday after [19:30].
Can I ask where you are leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday after 19:30.
I have train TR3544 leaving at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would this work for you?
No need to book it.
OK. Can I help you with anything else today, then?
Yes. I am looking for places to go on the west side of town.
Yes I have many colleges there. Can I suggest something for you?
Can you suggest some good architecture attractions?
Unfortunately, I'm not showing any architecture attractions in the west area. Would you like me to look in another area?
What type of colleges are available?
There are five colleges on the west side. Churchill college, Clare hall, and Magdalene college all have free admission. Do any of those interest you?
[Clare Hall] sounds like it would be nice. Can I get their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from [broxbourne train station]
Where would you like to go?
I need to leave by [20:15] and am headed to [city stop restaurant].
I have booked you a blue BMW for a 20:15 pickup. The contact number is 07753733237. Can I help you with anything else today? .
Thank you. I am all set. Have a great day.
Have a good stay. Good bye.


I want a train leaving from norwich.
When will you be traveling?
I will be traveling by train, on Friday.
Sure. Can I just confirm that your destination is Cambridge? And, is there a particular time frame you prefer?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge. I would love to arrive by [08:30] please.
TR3339 is your best bet. It will arrive in Cambridge at 07:35.
Okay. Could you also help me with a a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with 3 stars.
Alpha Milton Guest House is a nice place,do you want more information ?>


I need a place to stay with a star rating of 0.
Okay we have three options in that category. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre of Cambridge?
That doesn't matter as long as the hotel is expensive.
I have none in that price range,can I check in another realistic price range?
How about something cheap?
I ave 2 listings one for city centre north b and b and another for el shaddai.
Does the [City Centre North B and B] offer free wifi? If so, can you please book it for Saturday with 8 guests, 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is WDVI9XCT . Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to cambridge. Can you give me some departure times and how long is the travel?
Trains leave every hour and the travel time is 79 minutes. Can I book a certain day and time for you?
I would like a train leaving after [18:15] on the same day as my hotel booking.
I have train TR8600 leaving at 18:16 and arriving at 19:35.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?
How many seats will you need?
I won't need a ticket. Can I just have the price, please?
The price is 14.08 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks. i'm done. have a nice day. bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment.
Do you have a specific part of town in mind?
The centre part of town
There are actually no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. I would recommend the funky fun house in the east side of town
Okay may I have the entrance fee and postcode for that please?
The postcode for the Funky Fun house is cb58hy. The entrance fee is unknown
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 4 stars.
There are 17 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by price range or area?
it should be a hotel with wifi. find me its postcode and address
How about the Cambridge Belfry. It's located at Back Lane Cambourne. The postcode is CB236BW. Would that work for you? I can book it.
No thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that hotel is a fit for me. I am set, thank you for your help.
Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thanks a lot goodbye.
Enjoy your day, goodbye.


I am looking for a [french] restaurant.
There are two french restaurants listed. Do you have a preference of area? Centre or north part of town?
I don't care.
[Cote] is a French restaurant in the centre part of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Is that price range okay for you?
Are there any other French places available?
[Restaurant two two] is a nice place that serves French food in the expensive price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great! May I have their address and postcode, please?
restaurant two two's Address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, their postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
please give me the address and postcode
cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F. May I help you with anything else?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you find me a cheap [Spanish] restaurant?
there are two spanish restaurants in total, what price range do you want ?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
[la raza] is a spanish restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre part of town.
can you please give me the address?
The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the area?
la raza's area is in the centre part of town
Thank you. Good bye
Thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal! Goodbye!


I am coming to Cambridge and cannot wait to eat at some of your loal restaurants. Can you help me find a train out after dinner?
I certainly can. What are your departing and arriving stations?
I will be departing from ely and arriving in cambridge.
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leaver after [9:30].
then train number TR3976 should be ok. can I book?
Yes, it will be for 4 people.
Sure the cost of the journey is 17.60 pounds and you confirmation number is X9OY1UCU .
Could you book it for four then?
Absolutely. Your reference number is X9OY1UCU, and that comes to 17.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I'm also looking for an [Asian Oriental] restaurant within the cheap range. Can you find one for me?
I have two entries here, both in the centre. I recomend [dojo noodle bar]. Do you want me to book?
Actually just provide me with the address for that location
For dojo noodle bar, address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postal cb21rq, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.
It was my please. If I can help with anything else just let me know. Have a great trip.


I'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the centre of town.
There is a vue cinema for your entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No, thank you. Is there a museum in the centre area?
The [Broughton House Gallery] is in the area and has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address, please.
The address is 98 King Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. Do you have any listings that serve [polynesian] food?
I found no polynesian restaurants in the centre of town
How about something in the cheap price range?
there are 15 cheap priced restaurants in the centre. what type of food would you like?
Are any of them [Italian]?
Yes, as a matter of fact Pizza Hut, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge all serve inexpensive Italian food. Do any of these interest you?
I would like to book [Zizzi Cambridge] for 6 people on Sunday at [16:15].
I'm terribly sorry but Zizzi is booked at that time. Can I try at another time or on another day?
Is there anything available for [15:15]?
I've booked you at 15:15 on Sunday at Zizzi Cambridge. Anything else?
Can I get the reference number, please?
Yes, the reference number is ZLMXP05F .
Thank you very much for your help today!
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was everything. Thanks!
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [British] food and in the east part of town.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east area.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of the [grafton hotel restaurant]?
grafton hotel restaurant's address is 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in the expensive price range
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system! Have a great day!


I am looking for a [vegetarian] restaurant near South Cambridge, or a restaurant that has a variety of vegetarian dishes.
I'm sorry, I'm experiencing a system error. Could you please restate your request?
Uh, can you tell me where [the Man on the Moon] exhibit is?
Sure, its on 2 Norfold Street. Anything else?
What is the area that is in?
It is in the centre of the city. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay I need a hotel that is expensive.
University arms hotel is also in the centre area in the expensive price range. Free parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Free parking isn't that expensive to me, are there any others or just the University Arms?
I have 5 hotels in total to choose from. We have a Marriott in the expensive price range in Cambridge if you are interested.
Does it have internet?
Yes, the [Huntingdon Marriott] has internet, would you like more information on this hotel?
Is it in the centre? If it is, I would like to book it.
No it is in the west. Do you wanna book it? Would you like to try university arms hotel instead, that is also in the centre.
Please book the Marriott for 4 please.
How many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet. I actually just need the info. Sorry.
the huntingdon Marriott is a 4 star hotel on the west side. It is in Hinchinbrook business park and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need info on trains. I am coming from Birmingham New St.
I can find you quite a few trains for your trip. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be leaving on a Tuesday and I would like to arrive by [17:30].
TR4887 leaves at 05:40
Great can you book that for one person?
Done and done! Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : Q649D1SU .
Thanks! Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?
I'd be glad to. We have 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free to visit, such as Christ's College over on Saint Andrew's Street.
I have heard of [Christ's College]. Is there a more detailed address? I would also like their phone number, please.
I only have an address of St. Andrew's Street, but the phone number is 01223334900 if you would like to call them. Anything else I can help with?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you. Good bye.
Enjoy your visit to cambridge and gave a good day.


I need to get to a hospital.
Oh no! The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Can i get the postcode and phone number as well?
Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
Thanks. That takes care of all my needs now.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


I'm looking for a hotel called [a and b quest house].
A and B Guesthouse is a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse at 124 Tenison Road, on the east side of town. Would you like a room there?
I need a room for 1 person, for 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. I will also need the reference number.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : OBK1YKXC . Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat.
There are lots of fine eateries in the city - what type of food are you interested in? And are you looking for a particular price range?
I'd like to try [crossover] food at a moderately priced restaurant.
I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I look for something else?
How about one that serves [Indian] food?
The [curry prince] is in the east part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book it at [14:00] on Saturday for 1.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H2DF3481 . Will there be anything else today?
No. I don't need anything else. Thank you and bye.
You are welcome, enjoy the stay at Cambridge.


I need a train that is leaving after [11:30].
Yes, there are multiple trains available. What day and time will you be departing?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Monday please.
And where are you bound?
I am going to Birmingham New Street.
Is there a train leaving earlier than 11:30, since there is nothing after 11:30?
I need to leave after 11:30, and go to Birmingham, New Street.
Sorry about that, there are actually 12 options here. The first train is TR6162, which leaves at 12:01
Please make a booking for 6 people on that first train.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ISOR1J8A . Can I help with anything else?
I would also like somewhere fun to go, a college I think.
We have 18 colleges is there a specific area you'd like me to look at?
Can you recommend one for me and give me their phone number please?
Sure, corpus christi is located at king's parade, phone 01223338000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, I am all set! Bye!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!


I need some help with a car accident I was in.
I'm sorry to hear about your accident, would you like the number for Parkside Police Station?
Yes please, that would be great.
there you go Telephone : 01223358966
Great, thank you.
You are welcome. Is that all for today?
Yes, thanks for your help.
You are quite welcome. Do you require any further assistance?
No I don't. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you! Good Bye


Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for places to visit in the centre.
There are churches, colleges, and museums.
I'm not sure which I'd like to visit, do you have any recommendations? Also, please let me know the entrance fee.
I recommend adc theatre. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Is there anyway to find out the entrance fee? I will also need to book a train leaving stevenage leaving after [11:45].
You can call ADC Theatre at 01223300085 to find out the entrance fee. For the train, can you tell me the day you would like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday going to cambridge.
There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from stevenage
There is a train leaving Stevenage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43 this Sunday. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, for 4 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KY3BCCE0 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you.
Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Japanese] food. I don't care about the price range.
There is not a restaurant serving Japanese food. Would you like a different type food?
Is there anything in the area for [chinese] food?
there is charlie chan in city centre
What is the address and phone number of [Charlie Chan]?
The address is Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.B, and the phone number is 01223 361763
Thank you. That is all the info that I needed. Good bye.
Thank you.


Can you help me find a moderately placed modern [european] restaurant?
how about [galleria]? i hear it's lovely
Sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at [18:30] on thursday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3G88NRTV .
I also need to get a train.
Where is your departure and destination?
I'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and I need to get there by [12:30] on thursday.
There are 6 trains to choose from. Should I book one of them for you?
I there one that arrives close to the 12:30 time?
The train that will arrive closest to 12:30 is TR2058. You will arrive by [11:54]. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please and provide me with a reference number.
The booking was successful, and your reference number is R7U78R0G . The fee is 37.79 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything, thank you so much for your help!
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your meal!


I am looking to get some [eritrean] food in the west part of town.
Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you see if there are any that serve [indian] food?
There are six restaurants, one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range. Which one would you prefer?
Any would be fine. But I need to book a table for 8 people for Sunday at [12:15].
Booking was unsuccessful at rice boat. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Sure as long as it's in the same area and price range. I need the reference number too please.
Okay I booked you at the [Tandoori Palace] and your reference number is NBLD7E0V .
Thank you, that's all I needed today!
Okay glad I could be of help!


Are there any expensive restaurants in the North?
I have 5 expensive restaurants in the north. Would you like french, european, chinese or asian oriental food?
Could I get the phone number and postcode for the [european] one?
Sure, it's City Stop Restaurant. Their postcode is CB41UY, and their phone number is 01223363270. Did you want to make a reservation?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a swimming pool, can you recommend one?
Sure let's have you go to the jesus green outdoor pool, it's in the north and they're between victoria road and the river.
Okay, thank you! What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223302579 and they are located between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be it, thank you!
Thank yopu for usding this service


I am planning a trip to Cambridge
How great! I'm sure you'll love it here. Is there something specific I can find for you?
train should leave after [11:15] and should depart from stansted airport on Sunday
Okay, the TR9445 leaves at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. I'll need tickets for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 38E1SSYP .
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves [Thai] food.
Im sorry there are no restaurants like that. Would you like to search for something else?
No moderately-priced Thai places in the east, huh?
There are not - would you like to adjust the type of restaurant or the price range?
Let's try [Indian] food.
Do you have a preference - I come up with 2. Curry Prince, or Rajmahal. I recommend Curry Prince. Is this okay?
[Curry prince] is good. book it for the same group of people please
Okay. I'll need to know the day and time you'd like to dine.
On Sunday at [20:45] please.
You are all set for Curry Prince. Your reference number is 7FLIG346 .
Ok, great, that's all I needed! Thanks!
Great. You have a wonderful day and feel free to message me if you need any more assistance.


I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.
There are 32 hotels with free wifi, do you have any other things you require in a hotel?
I would like a four star hotel, and I don't need free parking.
How about a and b guest house, unless you have any other specifics.
Could you recommend me a hotel that is cheap?
How about the autumn house? It has 4 stars, is in the cheap price range and has internet.
Hmm, let me see...I think maybe a moderately priced 4 star hotel might be better. Do you show any availabe?
I would recommend the [Acorn Guesthouse] which is 4 stars, moderately prices and offers both free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. Can I book 8 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday?
You are all booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is LXMFRZLR . Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre.
Certainly, there are 44 attraction in the town centre, do you have a type of attraction you would like to visit?
Are there any museums available?
there are a total of 79 attractions in Centre what type of attraction that you are looking for?
I don't have any in particular. What would be the highest rated attraction in that area?
I don't have rating information, but Castle Galleries in nice, and admission is free. Would that interest you?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode for Castle Galleries?
Yes the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That's all I needed. Thanks!
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


Hi! Could you help me find a museum to go in town?
There are many but may I suggest the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum?
Sure. What is the postcode and phone number, please?
Their postcode is cb21su and phone number is 01223324222. What else can I help you with?
That's it. Thanks!
Okay thank you for calling.


I'm hoping to find a moderately priced [korean] restaurant.
I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches that description. Is there somewhere else I can try and find for you?
Can you run one more search for korean cuisine in the centre area please?
There is only one Korean restaurant in all of Cambridge, but it's expensive, not moderate.
Okay what about [spanish] cuisine then?
[la tasca] is a spanish restaurant located in the centre. Can I book that for you?
Please. I need a reservation for 8 people at [12:45] on Sunday.
Alright, the table is booked for 12:45 and will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is GIBFWDNM . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range.
Do you have an area in mind?
no, it should be a guesthouse though.
[a and b guest house] is in the moderate price range. Should I book it?
Yes for 8 for 3 nights starting sunday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : EI63A77M . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the help I need today. Thank you
Sure thing. Enjoy your stay


I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves [Portuguese] food.
There are two in Cambridge. One in the south and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at [12:00]. Could I get a reference number?
Sure, i have booked [Nandos] sunday 12:00 for 4. May I help with anything else?
I still need the reference number.
Yes of course! I do apologize. The Reference number is : 29D8WR58 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. Do you know anything about a place called [Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway]?
It's a free park in the south. Would you like more details?
What is the full address for that park?
The address is fen causeway, newnham road. What else can I do for you?
What is their entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee.
I also need a taxi from the park to [Nandos]. Want to get there by [12:00]. thanks
I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07413433001. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be everything. Thanks!
No, thank you for being a great customer! Good bye.


Am looking for a train it should depart from peterborough and should arrive by [21:30]
I have a train going to Cambridge that will arrive at 21:09 and leaves at [20:19]. Does that work for you?
It will work for me Thank you
Your train has been booked! The price is 16.5 GBP and the reference number is JSGGVUC8 . The train ID is TR0583. Have a wonderful day.


I am trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday from London Kings Cross.
There are several trains that match your criteria. please specify your destination and desired departure time.
I am wanting to go to Cambridge and leave anytime after [13:30].
We have the train TR7931 that leaves at 15:17. Does that work?
I want to make a booking for 4 people
You are successfully booked for 4 tickets on Train TR7931. The total fee is 75.52 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is : E72IOZ6V .
Thanks I'm also looking for a moderately priced [lebanese] restaurant.
There is one lebanese restaurant, Ali Baba in the centre of town, would you like to book that?
I would like to get the phone number for that please.
Sure! The phone number is 01 462 432565. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Nah, I'll call and do that on my own. I think I'm all set. Thanks for your help!
Not a problem. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you I will appreciate your help
You're too kind. Have a nice day!
You too! Take Care.
Thank you for using our service.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the north part of town.
There are 12 hotels in the north part of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range in mind?
No specific price range. I would like for it to have free parking.
I have 11 different options. Many are guesthouses and I have 2 hotels. Do you have a preference?
choose one, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from monday
I've booked you a room for 4 people beginning on Friday and lasting five days at Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is 5JM761L2 . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. I am also interested in attractions in the same area as the [Acorn Guest House]. I feel like going to the cinema.
Sorry, I don't have any options available. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
do you have any boats any area ?
Yes there are 4 boat attractions in town. [Riverboat georgina] is in the north. Do you need more help?
Yes may I have the entrance fee please?
I'm sorry, their entrance fee is unknown, but if you'd like to call them to ask, they can be reached at 01223902091. Do you need further assistance?
Thank you so much for the info. That is all I need today, goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Can you help me find a hotel with free parking?
There are 8 hotels with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area in town?
north area of town
There are two hotels in that area with free parking: Ashley Hotel and the Lovell lodge. Would you like to book either of those?
Actually, I'd like a guest house.
how about [hamilton lodge]? It sounds lovely.
Is it moderately priced? Area actually doesn't matter as long as it is a 3 star moderately priced guest house
It is moderate price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, and I would also like the address?
Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, postcode cb41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Do you need any more information or do you have any transportation needs?
Nope, that's it. Thanks again.
You're very welcome. Have a great time.


Hey, are there any good museums in town?
We have 23 amazing museums to visit in cambrigde. Is there a specific area you will be visiting to help narrow the choices?
I'd like to stay in the Centre area.
How about the [broughton house gallery]? It's a very nice place to visit!
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?
It is 98 king street post code cb11ln
i am also in need of a train on friday from norwich to cambridge leaving after [19:45].
I have the TR5291 leaving at 20:16, how many tickets would you like?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?
You are looking at 17.60 pounds per ticket and it is a 76 minutes trip.
OKay great. Can you book that for me please?
Sure! For how many people?
You know, nevermind. That will be all for now. Thanks so much. Goodbye!
Um, ok. Please contact our service if there is any other assistance we can provide you. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?
I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.
They are the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The [University Arms] sounds good.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.
Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL .


I am looking for a train that's going to Cambridge arriving by [16:30].
I have several trains that fit. Where are you departing?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street on Sunday.
I have one leaving at 13:39 and arrive by 15:07. Would you like that one?
What is the travel time on that?
The travel time for that route is 88 minutes. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please. I am also looking for a college type attraction in town.
Would you like [christ's college] it hs free entrance fee.
Sure. What time is is open?
I do not have information on open and close times but here is the phone number if you would like to find out,01223334900.
Great. Thanks for the information.
It will be located in the city centre.


I will need to take a train here from london kings cross, I will need ot get here by [19:45].
And what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday please.
Train TR5725 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
Please, I'll need 6 tickets.
OK, you have 6 seats reserved on TR5725, ref# J7XP2Z15 . Get to bed early - that's a 05:16 departure! Can I help with anything else today?
Yes you can! I'm also looking for information about a place called [Cineworld Cinema]. Do you have any details about it?
It is a great cinema in the south part of town. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000.
Thank you that was all I needed.
Do you need me to book or look up info about anything else?
That was all for today, thank you.
Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the centre.
There are no entertainment attraction located in the centre. Would you like me to check different areas?
Yes, how about a museum in the centre?
The [castle galleries] is a free museum in that area.
What is their address?
unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
great, i have 69 options for you in that area!
I want a cheap restaurant that serves [polynesian] food.
I am afraid I have none matching your request. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Can you try spanish food instead?
How about italian?
There's nothing that serves [spanish] food in the cheap price range in the centre of town?
The [la raza] serves spanish food. Its cheap and in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes! Please do.
Looking now La Raza has a few openings, how many people? Do you have a date and time in mind?
I'd like it for Saturday at [17:45], just one person.
You are booked and your reservation number is Q7YR4YLN
Can you help me get a taxi?
Of course. I need the time of travel, departure location and the destination.
I need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Your taxi is a blue skoda under the contact number 07244814493. Is there anything else?
That is all thanks.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


I am looking for a restaurant serving [Spanish] food.
There are two restaurants serving Spanish food in the cheap and moderate price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves [Lebanese] food.
[Ali Baba] serves Lebanese food. Would you like the location information?
Yes please, I would like the address and phone number.
The phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. No, that's all I need. Goodbye!
Thanks for using Cambridge Restaurant System, goodbye.


Can you get a taxi to take me from [old schools] to the [cambridge chop house]?
Would Cambridge Artworks be okay?
No I wont be there at that one,why ?
I was able to find the chop house, what time would you like to go?
I want to arrive by [09:00].
Your booking is complete, a red toyota will be picking you up.
Thank you, what's the contact number?
The vehicle is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07975650710.
Sounds good. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.


I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I need the postcode, please. I'm just getting general information for now.
Postcode is CB20QQ
Thank you for helping me. That is all I need for right now.
Thank you for contacting us.
welcome.Thank you for your help
Great! Have a nice day!


I would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. Can you help me?
There are zero guesthouses in the expensive range. Would you like to explore hotels or other price ranges?
Ok. Can we look for something on the north side?
There are several moderately priced guesthouses in the North. [Arbury Lodge], perhaps? It has a 4 star rating.
That sounds like a good option! Does it include internet? I won't be needing it during my stay, but I'd like to know.
Yes, the arbury guest house offers internet
Can you book it for me?
How many people and how many days would you like to book for?
Please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from Wednesday.
I have you booked for a room on Wednesday, for 5 nights, for two people. Your reference number is JHI0YPSS . Would you like help with anything else?
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [chinese] food and should be in the same price range as the hotel
There are four! 3 in the centre, and 1 in the north!
I want the one in the north please
golden wok is what you're looking for, can i book it for you?
Yes, please book [golden wok] for 2 people at [18:45] on Wednesday.
Booked! The reference number is V9O804ND . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I also get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant please?
A blue tesla will be picking you up in time to arrive at the restaurant by 18:45. Their Contact number is 07398063187. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.
I can go ahead and help you with that. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
I am in the mood for [Lebanese] food.
Okay, would you like to try any specific type of food?
Let's go with lebanese.
I have no listings for lebanese food in the expensive price range. Would you like to try something else?
Can you list places for [french] food?
Restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north part of the city and cote is in the centre of the city. Do either of those sound good?
[Cote] sounds good. What is the address?
The address for Cote is Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yup book it thanks! Can you recommend a place to go nearby as well? thank you
How many people should I book for the restaurant?
Nope, don't book it! Please give me the address instead.
Sure, the address is Bridge Street City Centre. What else can I help with?
Yes. I need to a place to go. I'm thinking it would be convenient if it was in the same area as the restaurant.
You have a particular type of attraction in mind?
Nothing in particular what would you recomend and what are the entrance fees?
All saints church and [Holy trinity church] are nice places if you are into architecture. They both have free entrance. Do one of these interest you?
Yes, I would also need a taxi to go between the two places.
What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the attraction by [11:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red honda Contact number : 07362331493
Thank you. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
Please click on end of dialogue.
Oops. Sorry about that.


Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
I found 44 different attractions near that location, is there something specific you're looking for?
No, not really. What's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?
My favorite thing to do is look at the architecture at Holy Trinity Church. It's located on Market Street and it's free to get in. Does this work?
Yes And I would like to find a train that arrives by [13:00] going to Kings Lynn.
Okay what day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.
I have a train to Kings Lynn that arrives at 12:58.
Perfect! I would like to book it for 4 people.
Would you like me to book it now?
Yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.
I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you.
Okay can I get the reference number?
I was able to book it, reference number is XYAQ9XA4 .
Thank you. That is all I am inquiring about today.
Thank you. Let me know if I can help again.


Hi! Are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking?
Yes, indeed. We have more than 20. Do you have any additional preferences?
I would like something cheap and a 4-star rated guesthouse would be better.
How about the [alexander bed and breakfast]? It's got a 4 star rating and is cheap.
Can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 5 nights?
Yes. I made a reservation for you at the Alexander for 6 people, 5 nights, starting Sunday. The reference number is Y7X3UYY5 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One Chinese and one Indian. Please specify the desired cuisine type.
Can I have the phone number of the [Chinese] place please?
Golden Wok is located in the north side of town, serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223 350688.
OK, Thank you
Goodbye.


I need to take a train to Cambridge after [09:30].
sure, what station are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.
Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I need to depart broxbourne and travel on monday please.
train TR2987 meets all your needs. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please for 8 people.
Great! Your train will leave Ely on Monday at 11:35 and arrive at 11:52. It has been booked for all 8 for a total fee of 35.2GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number, if needed, is PD2F8YMF .
I'm also looking for a recommendation on [Mexican] restaurants in the south.
I would recommend the [Chiquito Restaurant Bar]. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now, but could I have the postcode?
The postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
Thank you for using our service!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [british] food in the west area. Can you locate one for me please?
There are 3 results for restaurants in the west that serve British food. Do you prefer moderately priced, or expensive?
I would like to get information about moderately priced.
I have st johns chop house within the moderate price range. Can I book it for you?
Can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at [19:30] on Sunday?
Sorry, but there is not space for 5 people. Can I search a restaurant in the north?
I need something else in the West, moderate priced.
Okay I booked you into an Indian restaurant that is moderately priced called [Prezzo] and your reference number is TMT76MHK .
Thank you! That's all I need from you today.
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else.


I would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at kings lynn.
There are several available. Is there a specific day you would like to travel as well as arrival and departure times?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive by [13:45].
TR7430 leaves at 12:11 and arrives at 12:58, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book tickets for 6 people on TR7430 and provide the reference number once you have completed that. Thanks!
All set. Your reference number is 45ANXMEA .
Can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre?
how about the oak bistro? it looks lovely
I'd really like to try [british] food - will the oak bistro be ok for that?
Yes [the Oak Bistro] is a great British food restaurant.
Where is the restaurant located? I would like to book a table for 6, around [10:45] on monday.
It is located in the centre area of the city. Would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great! And can I please get the reference number for that?
You are now booked, the reference number is JZWXIUGS . Anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Great! Please let us know if we can help you with anything else. We hope you enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a place to go in the south.
There are a lot of things to do in the south. Do you know what kind of attraction you were looking for?
I have no preference. What do you recommend?
Well if you're looking for a museum I recommend the [byard art]. The phone is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Anything else today?
no, thanks, that is it for today
Okay, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!


Hello. I am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay.
I can definitely help with that. Let me find out some more information so I can find you the perfect fit. What area of town would you like to stay?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
We have 21 guesthouses with free parking. Do you need a certain area of town?
No, but I would like for it to be moderately priced. Could you recommend a place?
There are quite a number of them. If you'd like a 4-star rated guesthouse at the south end of town, I could recommend the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House].
That will work fine. Could you make a reservation for 3? I'd like it for 5 nights starting Saturday.
Sure. Your reference number is PFGJJSBO . Anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank You for calling us today. Goodbye.


Is there anything cheap in the centre of town?
Do you have a food type preference?
Would you have something [modern european]?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offers Modern European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Can I have their phone number, postcode and address please?
I'd be happy to provide you with that information. Their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are Quayside off Bridge Street, cb58aq. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. You have been very helpful. Thanks. Bye.
You're welcome, have a nice day!


I am looking for a place to stay that is named [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Could you give me some information about it?
Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is in the south. It is in the moderate price range and has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. We're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. We want to check in on Tuesday.
Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V9TM90Z .
Thank you, can you give me information on museums in the east side?
[Cambridge museum of technology] is a museum on the east side of town.
That sounds interesting! Can you give me their address and postcode, please? And how much is it to get in there?
It's 5 pounds for the entrance fee. Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, and phone number is 01223368650
Thank you. I need a taxi to leave my hotel at [16:15] to go to the museum please.
I'd love to help! When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I'd like to leave by 16:15, please.
You're all set! I've booked your taxi, so keep an eye out for a red volkswagen at 16:15. Your contact number is 07554925977. Anything else for today?
Sorry, could I please get the postcode for the museum?
Sure. The postcode of the museum is cb58ld. Anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay at the Alyesbray Lodge guest house and your visit to the Cambridge Museum of Technology!


I want a restaurant on the west end of town.
OK. Are you looking for any particular type of food?
I don't care.
Are you looking for a particular price range?
A moderately priced restaurant would be good.
Do you have a cuisine preference?
No preference
How about [Prezzo]? They serve moderately priced Italian food on the west side of town.
Can I please have their address and phone number?
prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our system. Good Bye.


I'm looking for a train going to cambridge.
Ok. I can help you find a train. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Brookshite.
Brookshite? Can you please repeat that?
Sorry about that, i'm leaving from norwich.
ive boked that for you trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR9900 norwich cambridge friday 05:16 06:35 17.60 pounds 79 minutes
Yes please book that and I need the reference number.
You're all set! The reference number is 44LHUSZT .
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!


i need places to go in town
What kind of place do you want to go and on what side of town? An attraction or restaurant? Or something else? I need more information to help you.
I'm looking for an attraction in the north. What's the fee and postcode for your favorite?
the milton park is free. The postcode is cb46az.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I'll need free parking, but wifi is not necessary.
Are you looking for a specific hotel?
No. I actually would like to find a guesthouse instead. I would like one that offers free parking.
There are 21 places to choose from, anything i can do to narrow it down?
Actually, I really don't know this area. I could use a recommendation. I just need a guesthouse that has free wifi.
The city centre north b and b is a cheap guesthouse located at 328a histon road. would you like me to book a room.
I would like the post code for the hotel please.
City Centre North B and B is in postcode cb43ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the star rating?
It is rated 0 stars.
Thanks, I won't need anything else from you today. Take care!
Have a wonderful time.
Thank you! Goodbye
Enjoy your stay In Cambridge!


I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please.
Sure, do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
It doesnt' matter. I don't care about parking either.
I am showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Which would you prefer?
Pick one of the two hotels for us please.
The [the c[ambridge belfry]] is a 4 star hotel on the west side in the cheap price range.
Sounds good. Let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2T7NK2CG
Thank you. I need to find an [Indian] restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.
There are five options to choose from. I can recommend the restaurant [cocum] to you if you'd like
That sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 3 people at [16:45] on friday? And tell me my reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : U6M1IEOW . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get us between both places, and I need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.
Your all set! A blue lexus will be picking you up and the contact number is 07598275631, anything else today?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for all your help!
You arr welcome, have a great night.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves [barbeque] food. If not then how about [modern european] food?
There are four venues serving modern European food in the Centre of town. What price range do you want?
I want the most expensive one available.
[darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop] is the most expensive modern European restaurant.
What is the address?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse
Okay. What part of town do you want to stay in?
Any part of town as long as it includes free parking.
I need a hotel with FREE parking
You read my mind. Yes, free parking.
Do you have a specific pricerange you are looking for?
No, I'm not picky.
How about acorn house? They have excellent reviews.
Yes, if [Acorn House] has free parking, please book my reservation.
What is your arrival date and how many days will you be staying, please?
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation. Could you just confirm the price range, postcode and what area that is in?
The acorn house is moderately priced, 4 stars, and in the north.
Thanks so much. I won't be needing anything further today.
Thank you goodbye


I'd like to know of some places to go in Cambridge.
There are several places to go in the Cambridge area. What type do you prefer?
I prefer the architecture type.
I have located five locations relating to architecture. Four of the five locations are a church and the other is a school. Which type of location do you prefer to visit?
How about the school? Can I have the postcode and address of it please?
The address is trinity lane and the postcode is cb21tt.
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford
What is your departure day and time?
I am looking to depart on Monday and arrive by [20:00]. Hoping to not leave hours and hours before that though.
The closest arrival time to 20:00 is 18:07, is that suitable?
That's fine as long as you can book it for four people
Indeed I can book that for 4 people. Your booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2I1YOWD4
Great that's all that I need, thank you!
You are welcome. I am glad I could help and I hope you have a wonderful day!


Can you help me find the [a and b guest house] hotel?
Absolutely. the A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, one person staying for two nights starting Monday. Can you book that?
I'm sorry but I could not book that. Would you be able to book another day or a shorter stay?
That is unfortunate. I can cut my stay down to a single night if that helps.
The booking was successful. The reference number is DAA8L07B . Anything more?
Yes, I'm also looking for something to do on the north side of town.
There is swimming, boating, and a park. Which do you prefer?
Swimming would be fine.
I have [Jesus Green outdoor pool], located between Victoria and the river and Kings hedged learner pool, Jedburh court and Kings Hedges.
Can I have the postcode for that pool please?
The postcode for Jesus Green outdoor pool is cb43px. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Great! Have fun! Goodbye!


I need a place to stay. What's available on the west side, with free wifi?
There are 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses with free wifi in the west side. Which type of place do you want?
I'm looking for something with a 4 star rating and also free parking. Is anything like that available?
How about price range what do you prefer there?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Any price range is fine as long as it meets my other criteria. Can you make a suggestion?
How about the [Huntingdon Marriott hotel]. It's address is kingfisher way hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon, postcode pe296fl. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I do need a reservation.
How many people and how long will your stay be for?
6 people and for a week.
What day will you be checking in?
I will want to start from Monday on.
Okay the booking was successful starting on Monday for a week for six people. Your reference number is 6J7RDABU . Anything else I can help you with?
I also need information about a restaurant [don pasquale pizzeria].
This is an italian restaurant. Their phone number is 01223350106 Their addres is 12 Market Hill City Centre CB23NJ. May I make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at [11:30] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JRA6G1IN. Anything else I can help you with?
I need to get a taxi. I want to go from the Huntingdon to get to Don [Pasquale] by [11:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07029440032
That will be all for today! Thanks so much for your help!
Have a nice day.


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
The Missing Sock fits your criteria. It is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road, Postode isC.B 25, 9 A.Q
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.


Hi. I a looking for a cheap place to stay. What can you recommend for me?
There is 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I would like something in the east of the city, I don't care about internet
How about [Autumn House]? It's cheap and in the East.
That sounds good, Thank you
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Sure, can you try just 2 nights, please?
Okay, I've made you a reservation at the autumn house. Your reference number is HCQFAEJ3 . Can I do anything else for you today?
No that would be all.
Okay, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Yes I am looking for a expensive place to dine in the centre of Cambridge
We have quite a few expensive restaurants...what type of foods are you interested in?
I am not particular about the type of food. I need it in Centre though.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure we can't narrow it down by type of food?
Yes, just give me a name. I'd also like to know what type of food it serves. Once I know all that I need the postcode.
How about [Midsummer house restaurant]? It is british food and the postcode is cb41ha.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in town?
The ashley hotel is in the north and has a moderate price range.
Does it include free wifi? What is the star rating?
The Ashley has 2 star and offers both free wifi and free parking.
Do you have any 4 star, moderately priced hotels in that area?
No, there are no 4 star hotels in the north in that price range. Would you like to change the pricerange or area?
How about one with the same features but in the expensive price range?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the north with free internet and parking. Does that work for you?
Yes, I also need postcode, the area of the hotel and leave the restaurant by [20:15]. I need a taxi to commute between both, the contact number and car type.
Let's start with the [Acorn Guest House] information. The postcode for that is cb41da and the hotel is located in the north.
Okay thank you. Now about that taxi?
Ok, for the taxi. Do you need one going from the Acorn to the Midsummer House or from the Midsummer House to the Acorn Guest House?
From the Acorn to the Midsummer House.
Okay, I've got a red Tesla for you with contact number 07378062767 leaving at 20:15.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!
You're very welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in Cambridge.
There are 5 different attractions all located in the centre of the city. I'd recommend [holy trinity church].
Okay. Can you tell me how much it costs to get in?
It is free. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the [Warkworth House]?
Hey, the Warkworth is in the East part of town, it's a four star hotel with moderate pricing. What can I tell you about it?
I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
Your hotel is booked starting Wednesday and your reference number is PADGS18 . May I assist you with anything else today?
Actually, yes. I need a taxi to pick me up from [Holy Trinity Church] at [1:15] and take me to the hotel.
I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 1:15 from Holy Trinity Church. Would you like the car type and contact number?
Yes, please, that would be nice.
The vehicle you will be expecting is a black Tesla . The contact number is 07726876557. Anything else you need?
No thank you, that is everything.
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge after [15:45]
There are many trains, please tell me a destination to help narrow it down.
I'd like to travel to stansted airport.
The earliest train after 15:45 leaves at 16:40. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, I would like to book one seat that leaves on Sunday. Please provide the price, arrival time and train ID. Thank you.
OK, you're booked on TR7062, leaving at 16:40 and arriving by 17:08, reference number 1MSVTP4G . The price will be 10.10 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find ou abou an attraction called [gonville and caius college].
Gonville and Caius College is in the centre of town and entrance is free. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can I have their post code and phone number please?
Sure there phone number is 01223332400 and postal code is cb21ta.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that should do it. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice time.


Could you provide me with information about the [Huntingdon Marriott hotel]?
The huntingdon marriott hotel is an expensive hotel in the west with a 4 star rating. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 7 people. We will be staying for 4 nights starting from Monday.
I'm sorry, that isn't available. Can I find a different hotel for you today?
Yes lets look for a 3 star rating [hotel],please.
I was able to get a room for you at gonville hotel for monday. Your reference number is 96GT1K88 . Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today thank you!
Great. You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by [20:00]
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.
Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.
How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.
The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.
Did you have a price range in mind?


I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
There are many, can I get an area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Yes I will like it to be in the center of Cambridge.
I'm sorry, "area" was in my head because you already mentioned it, but I meant to ask what sort of cuisine you might like.
I would like it to serve [European] food and be expensive please.
How about [Eraina] located on Free School Land, City Centre?
Thats a very unique name, and sounds like something I would like to try.
Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
I just need the phone number and post code please? Can you also help me book a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving before [15:15]?
Eraina's phone number is 01223368786, and the postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you very much, now I just need to get the train ID, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge by 15:15.
Absolutely. There's train TR5108 leaving Bishops at 13:29. It costs 8.08 pounds.
Wonderful. Could you please give me the train ID, the departure time, and the price?
TR5108 is the train ID anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Goodbye!
You're welcome, have a lovely day!


Can you find a college for me to visit?
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
No, where would you recommend?
Easiest would be to find the closest one. You can always visit [Christ's college] in the centre
May I have their phone number please?
Christ's College is located in the centre of town and their phone number is 01223334900
Thank you may I also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves [European] food. Located in the South?
Restaurant Alimentum at 152-154 Hills Road is my all time favorite.
Fantastic. Can you book a table for 7 on Saturday at [19:00]?
I have you booked for 7 at restaurant alimentum on Saturday at 19:00. Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Thank you. Thank is all. Good bye.
Have a nice day!


Yes I am looking for a train that is leaving monday to leicester
What time would you like your train to depart?
I need it to arrive by [12:15]. I don't know how long the ride is?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.
There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and will arrive by 11:06 would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 3 people please.
Booking was successful the total is 113.4GBP and can be paid at the station. Your reference number is EKI0YZF7 .
Can you also give me some information on museums in the east area? I need postcode and phone numbers.
I have 4 different ones. The best in that area is the [Cambridge Artworks]. It's located at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef. They offer free admission also.
That sounds great. Could you give me their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that will be all.
Great. Have a fantastic time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I want to book the [el shaddai] hotel.
No problem. Just give me a date, how many days, and how many people to accommodate please!
I am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting Tuesday.
I have made that booking for you. Your reference number is E31YXTP1 .
That will be it. Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you, have a good day.


I was just robbed and am looking for help. Can you give me the phone number for the police?
Call 01223358966 for the Parkside Police Station to help you.
What's the address, please?
There is no specific street number, but I'm sure if you go to Parkside, Cambridge at postcode CB11JG you'll be able to locate the station.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our services.


Can you tell me about a place called [Primavera]?
Absolutely! Primavera is a museum in the centre. Would you like me to give your their address and telephone number?
You say it is a museum... Can you tell me more about the exhibitions that are currently showing?
Unfortunately, we don't have that information available. I am sure if you call them they can provide that information to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am looking for a train going to stansted airport and leaving form cambridge
There are trains almost every hour; do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, I need one on Wednesday that arrives by [13:15], is there anything available?
There are five trains that fit the criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
I need a travel time and train ID for the last train to arrive at stansted airport before 13:15.
The train ID is TR0644. It leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 for a total travel time of 28 minutes.
Perfect! That is all I needed. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre. Can you recommend one?
Sure, I can help you with that. There are plenty of options that meet your requirements. Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Are there any [Australian] restaurants?
I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants in any price range anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
What about [European]?
There are four great choices but i highly recommend [galleria] located at 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?
Sure. What day works for you? How many people will be in your dining group?
Just me. And I need the reservation for Wednesday.
Sure, what time do you prefer?
Make it for [11:15].
Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JFF6XGYL .
Thanks I also need a hotel to stay at with free parking in the same area as the restaurant.
alexander bed and breakfast is quite popular in the centre of town and while on the cheap price range, it is a 4 star which includes both internet and parking.
I am actually looking for a hotel to book, not a guesthouse. I need a hotel in the center with free parking.
I have 2 to choose from. The Gonville Hotel which has 3 stars or the University Arms Hotel that is 4 star rated. Do you need a reservation at one?
Lets book the [Gonville Hotel].
How many days would you like to stay?
I need a reservation just for myself for 3 nights starting Wednesday, please.
OK, booking complete at the Gonville Hotel for 3 nights starting on Wednesday for 1 guest. Your Reference number is : 9QUHR157 .
Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


Could you help me find a museum to visit?
We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Do you have a particular part of the city you'd like to go?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend me one?
Sure. I really enjoy [Castle Galleries]. It's conveniently located in the town centre and has free admission.
That sounds good. What is the phone number there?
The number there is 01223307402. Anything else?
Awesome, thanks. No, that's all I need.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Castle Galleries!


I don't care about price range, find me an [european] food restaurant, please.
[Cambridge lodge restaurant] is a restaurant that serves european food. Would you like more information?
What ids the address and phone number?
Thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Great! Thank you very much.
Thank you bye
Good bye
Good day!
Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant serving [seafood], in the center of the town.
Loch Fyne offers seafood in the city centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I want expensive [Italian] food instead.
No problem! I found four restaurants for you to chose from. Would you like for me to make a reservation at one of them?
Yes I need a table for 8 Sunday at 16:45.
ok, first let's verify which restaurant you would like out of the four.
Please give me the names of the 4 choices and I'll make my selection. Needs to be an expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre. Thanks!
stazione restaurant and coffee bar, don pasquale pizzeria, clowns cafe, cafe uno
I would like to book a reservation for 8 on Sunday at [16:45] at [Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar].
This has been booked. Anything else I could help you with ?
Can I please get the reference number and then can you help me find some places to go near the restaurant?
Apologies, the reference number is : AY05TZJQ . I have 44 places that I can recommend near the restaurant. Do you have any type of preferences?
Im sorry for being so loop, how about a college in that area, whatever you recommend.
There are 13 colleges in the centre, but I personally recommend [corpus christi]. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need to book a taxi.
For the taxi, please specify a place of departure, a destination, and a time by which to leave or arrive
I would be leaving the restaurant.
Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
I will be need a taxi also to get from Corpus Christi College to the restaurant.
Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
Just one more thing. What is the entrance fee for the college?
The entrance fee for Corpus Christi College is 2 pounds.
Thanks, I'm good to go now. I appreciate your help, bye!
Have a wonderful trip.


I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge. I need it to arrive by [16:00]. I also need it to department from Cambridge. Can you assist me?
So you want a train to and from Cambridge? Can you please clarify and also give a day?
I need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 16:00
Train TR5677 will get you to Leicester by 11:06. Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes, please. I need five tickets.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 581GRL6J . Is there anything else I can do to assist?
Can you check for [Italian] restaruants in the centre area? Thank you in advance.
What price range are you looking to for please?
I'm looking for a expensive restaurant.
You have 4 options. May I recommend [Don Pasquale Pizzeria]? I can try to make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes, please book a table for 5 at [13:30] on Saturday.
You have a table for five booked at Don Pasquale Pizzeria at 13:30 on Saturday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have the reference number?
Oh, yes, I'm sorry. The reference number is P0X6X7AZ .
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Do you have any information on a restaurant called the [Golden Wok]?
Yes I do! It is located in the north and is at a moderate price range level. It serves chinese food.
Can you please book that for Friday at [13:15] for 3 people and give me the reference number?
It appears that time is unavailable at this restaurant. Would you like to book the restaurant at a different time, or possibly book at a different location?
How about [12:15] on Friday?
Booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EL18B6UX .
Thanks. Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street now?
What day and time would you like to leave for London Liverpool Street?
I would like to leave after 17:15 on saturday.
The first train after [17:15] is TR8824 which leaves at 17:59. There are two later trains that day. Would you like to book one now?
Not just yet, could you provide me with the travel time for TR8824?
TR8824 is to arrive by 19:27, making the duration of the travel time total to 88 minutes.
Perfect, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you again!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!


Hi, I'd like a 3 star hotel please. And also internet!
I have some moderately priced guesthouses and some expensive hotels that meet your needs. Do you have a preference?
Actually, I don't have a lot to spend. Do you have anything in a cheap price range?
Sorry, but I don't have any cheap 3-star places in town.
Okay, why don't we splurge a little. How about telling me what you've got that's expensive?
The Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south are both 3 stars and expensive. Would you like to book one of them?
I'd like to book a room at the [Gonville] for 5 people. We'll arrive on Saturday and will stay for 4 nights, please.
Perfect! Your booking was successful. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for my reservation please?
324XPFHG . is your reference number, anything else?
I am also looking to eating [Italian], in the East part of town.
We have the [pizza hut fen ditton], would you like me to make reservations?
Could I get the address and price range first?
Sure, the address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road in Fen Ditton and the price range is moderate.
Thank you that's all I needed today.
You're very welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Could you help me find a restaurant with [middle-eastern] cuisine?
There is no such match. Do you have any other food preferences?
maybe one that serves [chinese] food. and it should be located in the centre
[Charlie chan] is an affordable option.
Ok, sounds good. Could I make a reservation for 3 for thursday at [13:30]? Can you send me a reference number as well. Thanks!
Excellent choice. Your table is reserved. Reference BCKQCXNI . Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant.
I have many choices for you. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter but I would like a guesthouse with free parking.
I have two. Would you like more info on them?
Do they both have free wifi and parking? Which would you recommend?
Yes. I suggest [A[lexander Bed and Breakfast]]. It is a 4-star guesthouse. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people.
i will work on getting this booked.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places
I was able to complete this transaction for you. Reference number is 4AMSSSO2,
Can I get the number for the taxi and the car type?
Your booking is complete. You will have a grey toyota and the contact number is:07579620224.


I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.
Hi, there's one that departs at 05:00 going to london kings cross. Would you like to book it?
I actually need to go to Birmingham new street by [13:45] on Tuesday.
The TR8233 arrives at Birmingham new street at 13:44. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Please, just one ticket. Can I have the reference number as well?
The booking went through successfully. Reference number is : U1F39M58 . The total fee is 75.09 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to dine?
It will be my pleasure. Do you have any preference in location, cuisine or price range?
No, I would just like something expensive. I like the west side of town.
We have some very nice restaurants, such as the Graffiti, offering British cuisine, The Cambridge Lodge, with European, and the Tandoori Palace, with Indian fare. What sounds good to you today?
Surprise me. I need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.
I would recommend Graffiti, serving british fare. Their phone number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
Great! I'm happy to help. Goodbye!


I am looking for a [greek] restaurant on the east side of town.
we dont have any by your choice. maybe if you can choose another location
[tang chinese]. Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at [16:45] on tuesday
I am unable to locate this specific restaurant. Would you consider a different Chinese restaurant?
Are you sure? Could you please remove my eastern Greek preference and look by name for Tang Chinese?
our records don't have that specific restaurant. any other preference?
Are you sure? I really need to find a place called tang chinese.
Yes, I have found Tang [Chinese]. It is located in the centre with an expensive price range, shall I book you a table?
Yes, for 6 on Tuesday at 16:45.
Okay, the booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LEZO9G3L .
I'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by [09:30], the same day as the restaurant booking.
TR5077 leaves at 08:24 and arrives by [8:52]. Would that work for you?
yes. can i get the travel time please?
The travel time is 28 minutes, do you need a booking?
Actually I just needed the trains information. Thatll be everything thanks for the help
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be entertainment based.
I'm sorry, I have no entertainment listings in the city centre. Would you like to try another area?
Could you find some interesting architecture then?
There are five options. [Great Saint Mary's church] is a great option.
Sounds great, can I have the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode please?
Great St Mary's Church entrance fee is 2 pounds, their phone number is 01223350914, and the post code is cb23pq.
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the same area.
There are 69 restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of food or price range you would prefer?
Could you find me something moderately priced, please? I'm not picky about what it is.
The yipppee [noodle bar] serves Asian food in the city centre and is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
That's not necessary. I want to book a table for 1 person at [15:45] on Saturday.
Unfortunately that's already been booked. Would you like to try another time?
how about [14:45]?
Yes 14:45 works! You table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is DG9TSIVA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, you've been great, thank you!
I'm glad I was able to help. Please call back if you have any more questions!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
What type of food are you looking for?
[chinese] food
I'm showing 4 restaurants matching that description, 3 in the city centre and 1 in the north. Do you have a preference for area?
Could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north?
golden wok is in the north area, its phone number is 01223 350688. Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you, goodbye.
enjoy!


Hello! What can you tell me about the [Shiraz] restaurant?
Well it's in the expensive price range, they serve mediterranean food and it's located in the centre. Would you like the address and phone number as well?
Sounds good! I'd like to book a table for four at [14:00] on Monday.
There are no reservations available at that time. would you like to adjust this?
Could you change the time to [13:00].
I was able to successfully book that for 13:00 on Monday. Your reference number is TXIPL225 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I am also looking to find the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse].
Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 82 Arbury Road. Do you need me to book a room for you?
Yes. Can you book for 4 people for 2 nights starting on monday?
The booking was successful. The Reference number is 8Q18SIDO . Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need, thank you very much!
Your welcome. Please contact us again if we can help you with anything.


I need an expensive place to dine in the center of town.
What type of food are you wanting at this restaurant?
Type of food does not matter to me.
Yes there are 33 such restaurants. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight.
Certainly. How many will be in your party?
just one, and can you book me for [14:00]?
[fitzbillies restaurant] is British cuisine. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sure, for Thursday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
Okay. I got you into the Cambridge Chop House and your reference number is T3XZDZFC .
Thank you. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using this service. Good bye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range
I have three moderately priced hotels. Do you need internet and/or parking?
I would like a guest house, with free parking.
Does it matter what side of town it is on?
No it doesn't.
Ok how about [acorn guest house]. They are moderately priced and have 4 stars. How many rooms and how long is your stay going to be?
1 room, and I'll need it for 2 nights starting Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : B823WKVK .
I am also looking for a train on the same day to Cambridge
Train TR5686 leaves london kings cross. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, and Thank you kind person for helping me!
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is S5436QTX . Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything. You've been great thanks.
If everything is fine. Then I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. It's really my pleasure.


I am planning a trip and need information on a particular attraction.
Do you know the name of the attraction?
I would like information about [Cherry Hinton Water Play], please.
Sure, it's located in the east and is on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. The postcode is cb18dw. It's also free admission.
i also need a place to stay
Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yeah I'd like to stay in the south.
Do you have a price range or preferred star rating?
should have a star of 4.
[rosa's] bed and breakfast is in the south and it's a 4 star hotel. Should I book it?
Yes. Book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 10GCABIO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi from the attraction to [Rosa's B&B] by [02:30]?
Alright, you're booked! The car will be a yellow Lexus, and the contact number is 07345849347. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's it. Thank you. You've been a great help today.
It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Are you looking for a certain type of attraction in cambridge?
I need a train going to Cambridge, departing from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday and would like to arrive by [12:45]
The TR0088 departs at 9:39 and arrives at 11:07
I'd like to book for 6 people.
Alright! That's taken care of and your reference number is ZM4QYUPU . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me info on museums in town?
There are 23 musuems to choose from.
Do you have a favorite? Pick one for me please. I need the postcode.
The [museum of classical archaeology] is in post code cb39da. Is there anything else that I can help you with??
I would also like information for a restaurant near the museum.
Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by food type or price range?
I actually don't need anymore information, thank you.
Very well, we are here if you changed your mind, have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
i dont care
There are 22 results. Is there an area that you would prefer?
Yes, in the west part of town please.
There are two results. la margherita serves [italian] food and thanh binh serves [vietnamese] food.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
[Thanh Binh] is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Is there anything else?
Would you prefer information on [La Margherita]? It's the only other cheap restaurant in that area.
Yes, please.
La Margherita's phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from [the americas].
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your requirements. Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Yes, let's look for an [Italian] restaurant in the same area.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't find any restaurant in this area that serve that type of food. Are there any other types I can help you find?
Can you check again to see if there are any italian restaurants in the center of town?
There are 9 Italian restaurants which are centrally located, do you have a price range?
No, any of those are fine. Could I get the address for one of them?
Zizzi is located at 47-53 Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train that will be departing from Kings Lynn on Monday.
There are 19 trains leaving kings lynn on friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by [9:30].
Yes I have a train that arrives in Cambridge by 08:58. All other trains arrive after 09:30. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book 6 people. I need the reference number as well.
Booking was successful for TR4758 , the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : S080H7HT . Is there anything else I can help with?
This is all I need for now, thank you.
Enjoy your trip!


I need a train on Friday.
Okay. What day would you like to travel? What time would you like to leave? Where are you departing from and what is the destination please?
I am going to cambridge coming from london kings cross. I will be leaving on friday after [16:30].
OK, the earliest departure I have is 17:17. Would you like to book it?
How much is a ticket?
I do not have that information available.
Can I at least get the train ID?
They system is down please try again later.
Please inform me of the train ID and price when the system is available. I am also looking for entertainment in the centre.
I have TR0835 leaving at 17:17 and arriving at 18:08. That has a travel time of 51 minutes and a price of 23.60 pounds.
I want an entertainment attraction in the center part of town also thanks.
little saint mary's church offers architecture and is located at little saint mary's lane. Entrance fee is free


I am looking for a place to stay in the east.
What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter as long as it has free parking. Are there any with 5 stars?
There are several places available, however, I do not know if they have free parking, but they do have parking. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse type place to stay.
It doesn't matter to me whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, but I really want it to have free parking. Can you check on that again, please?
I'm sorry there are no hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to try something with a different number of stars?
Can you try a 4 star hotel instead, please?
There are 5 guesthouse's that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care about the price range. Can you book it for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on Friday.
I was able to book a room at [Carolina bed and breakfast], the reference number is 168T25C6 . Is there anything else you need help with?
That is all I needed, thanks for all your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!


Can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?
there are quite a number. what is your price range?
I don't really have one but would like to try a [European] restaurant.
Okay, how about [Eraina] that's on Free School Lane City?
Sounds great. Would you book me a table for 8, for Monday at [19:00]?
Your table is booked! Reference #: GV2YF6H5 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?
There are 44 options available. Is there anything particular you are interested in ?
The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. A museum
There are 11 museums is that area. The great thing is they are all free. Do you want additional information on any of them?
What area are they in?
They are all located in the centre the same as the restaurant. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please provide a suggestion.
The [fitzwilliam museum] has amazing art and sculpture. The address is trumpington street and the phone number is 01223332900. Do you want more information?
I will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning.
Your red toyota has been booked and its contact number is 07932820731.
Thank you so much for all your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
There are thirty thee choices. Do you have a food type you would like to try?
I would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please.
How about Bedouin? It's an expensive African restaurant in the centre, postcode cb12bd. Is there any other information you need?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!
Your welcome! Have a great day!
Same to you! Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.
Okay, there's plenty to do in the city's centre. What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?
how about [little saint mary's church]?
Sounds perfect. Is it architectural? Also, can I have the address with postcode?
It is an architecture attraction it's located on little saint mary's lane postcode cb21qy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1. It should be in the city centre please.
I don't have any guesthouses that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try something else?
Do you have any guesthouses with a star rating of zero?
Yes, I do have one. The [El Shaddai] is in the centre and is cheap. It is 0 star rated and offers free parking and wifi. Do you need a room?
No not right now. What is their address?
The address is 41 Warkworth Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get to [little saint mary's church] by [3:15].
What is your departure site?
I'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from [Saint Mary's Church] by [3:15] going to the guesthouse.
You are booked for a yellow audi. Your contact number is 07526986404. May I help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your trip.


Hello, can you help me find a four star place to stay in the west?
the [cambridge belfry] is located in the West and has 4 star rating.
Does this include free parking?
Yes, it does.
Please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting on friday.
The Cambridge Belfry hotel was unable to accommodate 4 days for 6 people. Would you like to choose another day or shorten your stay?
Yes, could you try just for one night starting on Friday? Please let me know the reference number as well.
It was successful your reference number is 0LH6U2Y7 .
I need an expensive restaurant. Something that is impressive in the same area of the hotel. Can you find one for me?
Are you looking for a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference. But I want something in the west and is expensive. Can you suggest one?
I have 9 different restaurants. They offer british, european, indian food and thai. Which would you like?
I don't have a preference but I need the reservation at [15:15] for 6 people on friday. Can you find one to meet those requirements?
Thank you, I was able to book you for Sala Thong Thai food. The table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is W1YD01TD .
That is great. Thank you.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! Goodbye.
Thank you for using the help desk.


I'm looking for colleges to visit in the centre of town.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. King's College and Saint Catharine's College are on the same street and both have free admission.
Can you provide the phone number and post code to the attraction?
[King's College] is cb21st and their number is 01223331100. Saint Catharine's is cb21rl and their number is 01223338300.
What is the entrance fee?
Both are free. Is there anything else you'd like help with?
Yes, actually. I could use some help finding a train to take me from Cambridge heading to Bishops Stortford.
What day and departure time do you prefer?
I want to leave on Saturday at any time after [21:15].
How many ticket will you need?
I would just like to know the travel time of one or more of the trains.
They are both 38 minute trips
Thanks. That's all the information I needed today. I appreciate your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Good bye!


I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants. Can you help me with an attraction to visit also?
Sure thing, is there any specific type of attraction you'd like to try?
It is called [kettle's yard].
Kettle's yard is a museum found in the west area of town. Their phone number is 01223748100
Can I get the address as well please?
Kettle's Yard is located on Castle Street.
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?
It is free to enter.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant.
I would love to help. Any particular food you'd like?
No, I'd just like for it to be in the east and moderately priced.
i suggest [pizza hut fen ditton]. it serves italian food. can we book?
Yes book that for 5 people at [15:00] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EC390ABK .
Thanks, that's all I need today! Goodbye!
Have a good day.


Can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
I found two restaurants. Would you prefer chinese or indian food?
I do not care what kind of food.
There are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area. There is golden wok and there is the nirala.
What is the address and phone number of the [Golden Wok]?
the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688. is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Please call again! Goodbye.


I'm looking for an attraction called [Cambridge Artworks]. Do you have any information on it?
Sure thing! The entrance is free! It is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef.
Do you have their phone number?
Sure, the phone number is 01223902168. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that is good. Thanks for your help and have a nice day.
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip to Cambridge Artworks!
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the help desk, and have a great day.


Hello, are there any [Indian] restaurants in the city centre?
We have many of those, but they're either cheap or expensive - nothing in between. If price is not an issue, I recommend [Saffron Brasserie].
ok book us fir 8 on friday at [15:15]
Your reservation at the saffron brasserie for this friday at 15:15 for 8 people was successful. Your Reference number is : Q3IFEX40 .
I would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town.
Is there a type of place you might prefer?
Nothing in particular, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
The [whipple museum of the history of science] is fascinating and it is free! The address is free school lane. Do you need more information?
No thanks, but I do need a taxi. Would you be able to help?
Yes, will you need it to or from the museum?
From the restaurant to the museum.
What time would you like the taxi?
Sorry from the museum to the restaurant...I just need to be there in time for our reservation.
I have booked you a grey toyota taxi. The phone number to reach them is 07598086239.
Great, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm all set, thank you.
Have a wonderful night and enjoy your trip.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Is there a certain type of cuisine or part of town you're looking for? There are 22 restaurants to choose from.
Yeah. I'd like a moderately priced [tuscan] food restaurant.
I'm sorry there's no matching results.
Okay, can we try modern [European] food instead, please?
How about [Galleria] at 33 Bridge Street in the town centre. Great food.
Great can you book that for 4 people at [17:45] on sunday?
Yes sure. I have a reference number for you and it is 33TISTQB .
Thanks so much. Can you help me find a train?
We have 5 different train times for you all on Friday. What time would you like to leave?
anytime after [17:00] on thursday going to london kings cross
Just so I can narrow down the results and get you exactly what you need, what's your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in london kings cross.
Om I have train id TR1791 that fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
yes book it for 4 people
Train TR1791 will leave at 17:00 on Thursday. It will cost 94.4GBP. Your reference number is HN91KJWK . Have your luggage ready, thank you!
Thank, that is everything i need, you were so helpful.
Thank you! Have a great day!


I'm looking for information on [la tasca].
It serves [Spanish] food and is located in the centre of town.
Great! Can I book a table for lunch Wednesday?
How many people will be dining with you?
I need a booking for 4 people at [12:00] on wednesday.
Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is PN280GZ3 . Do you need anything else?
I also need to get to Norwich on Thursday and I need to be there at or just before [14:30].
I'll be happy to book a train to Norwich for you. On what day and time would you like to travel?
Well, Thursday. Have to get there from Cambridge by 14:30.
I have found TR1530 that leaves cambridge on thursday at 12:36 and arrives in norwich at 13:55. Can I book a seat on this train for you?
No thank you, I just need the travel time.
Okay! Travel time is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all you can help me with.
Have a great day!


I need to book a train leaving from London Kings cross.
What day were you wanting to travel on?
I need to leave after [11:30] on tuesday. I'm traveling to cambridge.
I have 6 entires. TR3456 leaves at 13:17. Does that work for you?
Yes can I get the price on that?
Yes, it's 23.60 pounds per ticket.
Can you find me a restaurant that serves [afghan] food and is located in the east?
I'm sorry we don't have any Afghan restaurants in the east area. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different area?
How about [Italian] food?
The only Italian place in the east is [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton]. Would you like more information?
i want to book a table for 4 people at [21:00] on the same day as the train.
Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is EV3K4Q4D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye
Okay great. I'm glad I could be of help.


Can you help me find a theatre in the centre please?
May I recommend Mumford theatre located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need any more information?
Can I have the phone number?
Absolutely! The phone number is 08451962320.
Thanks! I am also looking for information on a restaurant named the [Ian hong house].
that is a chinese restaurant in the center.
Is it possible for you to make a reservation for me? It would be for Monday.
For how many people please
Book for 4 people on Monday at [18:15].
your all set! reservation # is XJ3DII6Y . Anything else for you today?
That's all I need. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome happy to help.
Thanks, I appreciate it. Goodbye.
Thanks again and please enjoy your visit!


Can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?
I would recommend Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road.
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?
No, I am afraid I have none with a 3 star rating in that area. Would you like to try another area or stars?
Any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.
Ok. There is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south. Are you interested in booking one of them?
No 3 star places to stay in the North? It doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse?
I have one..The [Hamilton lodge]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I just need the price range and the phone number
The price range is moderate. The phone number is 01223365664. Would you like any other information?
Are there any [French] restaurants in the same area as the Hamilton Lodge?
Yes, I actually do have one. It is Restaurant Two Two. They are expensive and located on 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880. Would you need reservations?
Could you please give me the postcode for Restaurant Two Two?
postal code is CB43AX


Hi there. I would like to find a train to Ely for Thursday.
No problem, what time would you like to arrive in Ely?
I need to leave from cambridge and leave [after 08:30]
I have a train TR1923 leaving cambridge at 9:50 and arriving in ely at 10:07 on thursday. Would you like to reserve this?
What is the price?
The price is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else you want?
No thank you. That's all I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Wait! Before you go, can you tell me about your favorite college to visit in town?
There is Queens' College on the west side of town.
What is the address and phone number of [Queens' College]?
The address is silver street and the phone number is 01223335511. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, one more thing. May I have the postcode for Queens' College, please.
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need, bye.
Goodbye and enjoy the rest of your day!


Hello, I'm in the west and I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range. Can you please help me?
Sure, there are three: British, Indian and Italian are their respective cuisines.
What's the name of the Italian place?
have 2 listings one for meghna and one for prezzo.
I would like it to be [Italian], and in the West please.
I found [Prezzo] on 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Would you like me to book a table for you now?
book a table for 7 at [14:45] on saturday and get me a reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : GW3LQPRE .
I also need the area and address of an attraction called [Old Schools] please.
Sure, it is in the centre area on trinity lane, postal is cb21tt, can I help with anything else?
No, that takes care of everything! Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi?
I can recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?
I have the Cityroomz hotel which is in the moderate range with internet and no parking. Would you like to book this hotel?
Yes please I need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
That on is not open then, shall I try another?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
How about the [el shaddai], they have free internet and free parking?
That will be fine.
Great news! Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is PL4JEQ9A .
Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Please enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much. I will.
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.


I am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating
I have 19 results. Would you prefer a certain area or price range?
Cheap price range and a guesthouse.
ok, that helps me narrow it down a bit. Which side of town would you like it to be on
I'm not too concerned with area. Which would you recommend, and do they have internet?
The Allenbell is very nice. It is also cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book this?
The Allenbell sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?
The number is 01223525725, and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you. I also need a train on Friday.
I will need a bit more information. Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
The train departs from King's Lynn on Friday at [12:30] and goes to Cambridge.
I can not find a train leaving at 12:30. Would a train at 13:11 work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can you book me 4 tickets please?
You are all booked for train TR0674 at 13:11. Your total fee will be 39.2 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is WJXW4VRV . Anything else for today?
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
I hope you have a nice trip. Goodbye.


Could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse
I found [Acorn Guest House] would that work for you?
Yes. Will you please make me a reservation?
Sure. When will you check in and how long would you like to stay for? Will it be just for yourself?
It's going to be for 8 people and 2 nights, starting Thursday.
I'm afraid that isn't available. Could you book a different arrival day, or a shorter stay?
What about for just one night?
The booking is successful for 1 night. The reference number is NNA3OC5W. May I help you with anything else?
That is all! Thanks!
It was my pleasure. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I need a cheap place to stay please.
I have found 10 hotels that are cheap in the area. Is there a certain part of the city you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west please.
There is one guesthouse and one hotel that fits your criteria. Both have free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Are they 3 star hotels?
Yes they are both 4 stars. Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.
The [Cambridge Belfry] meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on friday.
success! confirmation number is 44URFTUC . Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for Sunday departing from Cambridge.
Sure. What time would you like to travel?
it should arrive by [09:00]
train TR1262 will arrive at 08:08 would you like me to book seats?
Yes, we'll need tickets for everyone in the party.
okay, reference # isN5S2FRHG, 32.32 GHP is payable at the station
Thank you so much for your help today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, I'm coming into town and looking for some things to do and places to go on the south side of Cambridge. Do you have any suggestions?
There are several interesting things to do in that part of town. How about a park?
Sure a park would be great! Can you provide a phone number and address please?
I have wandlebury country park located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postcode cb223a. The phone number is 01223243830.
First of all, I need a train to get there from london kings cross. Can you help find one?
I have a lot of trains heading into Cambridge, do you know what day and time you'll be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by [21:30].
what time do you need to leave by?
Anytime that gets me in by 21:30
TR2512 will get you there by 14:08. Do you need me to book seats for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people!
Okay I booked it reference number is R4UEAGTZ .
Thanks for your help today!
you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am happy this is the end
All right. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for information and could use your help finding a train.
I'd be happy to help. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave stevenage on saturday.
I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave/arrive at.
I don't have a departure time preference but I would like to arrive by [15:45].
There are five trains to Cambridge on Saturday- the latest arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for that one?
The cost for the train leaving Stevenage at 13:54, arriving Cambridge at 14:43 is 10.24 pounds, would you like me to book that for you today?
what's the train ID?
TR6607. Would you like me to book you on?
I also need a hotel. I don't care about parking but it does need free wifi.
What area would you like to stay in?
the south . and make it a guesthouse with free parking also.
i have 3 guesthouses in the south. two are moderately priced and one is cheap. which do you choose?
Price is not an issue for me. Please recommend one of them for me.
Sure! I recommend [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from Saturday.
Booking was successful, the reference number is Y9ZD16I2, any further questions?
That is all I needed today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip to our town. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking to book a train ticket to Liverpool Street station in London. Are there any that depart at or around 18:00?
There is a train departing Cambridge at 17:59 on Wednesday.
I'm actually looking for one on Friday. Are there any that will arrive by [18:00] at Liverpool on Friday?
There is train leaving for Liverpool Street at 5:59 on Friday arriving at 7:27. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes and can you tell me the price of the ticket?
It would be 16.60 pounds
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay, have a great day
Thank you.
Good-bye.


What is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants in the south of town in the cheap price range. Would you prefer Portuguese of Chinese?
Is there anything else? If not, [Chinese].
[The lucky star] is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like their location?
Yes, can you give me the address?
The address of the lucky star is, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Thank you.
Excellent, have a wonderful evening.


Thanks. I'm looking for a place to go on the south.
Would you prefer a museum or a nightclub?
A museum, please.
There's one museum called [byard art] that fits your needs.
Can I get the phone number for that?
The phone number is 01223464646. What else can I assist with?
No, thanks so much!
Glad to help, please let us know if you need any further assistance.


I need a taxi at [Cambridge Museum of Technology] to go to the [Museum of Classical Archaeology].
When would you like to get there?
I need to leave after [09:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type blue audi contact number 07885719005
That's super. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Have a lovely trip! Contact us again if you need further help. Goodbye!


Please find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester
Okay! When do you want to depart?
I'm leaving on Friday and I need to be in Leicester by [12:45].
Train ID TR5648 will be best for you. It will leave cambridge by 10:21 to arrive leicester by 12:06 and it will you cost 37:80 pounds.
Great. Please book me 6 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TQQ2P14Y .
Woo that's steep but thank you. I also am interested in visiting the museum in the centre area of town, could you give me info on that?
I recommend [castle galleries] located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Excellent, can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb23bj. Can I help you with anything else?
nope that is it thanks for all of you help
You are welcome--have a great day!


I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after [09:30].
There are 1064 trains leaving after that time, do you have a preferred destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.
There are 49 trains headed to Stevenage on that date after that time. How does 11:21 sound?
That sounds great. Can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?
It has been booked. The reference number is 4SZT0AAV .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel called the [Huntington Marriot Hotel]. Can you help me?
The [Huntington Marriott Hotel] is located on Kingfisher Way. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from Monday. Also could you please provide me with the reference number?
All booked! Your reference number is 4EMWSAP1 .
Alright, that's everything! Thank you very much.
I am glad I could be of service, I appreciate your business and I hope to see you again. Have a great day!


Please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves [afghan] food.
I'm not finding any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
[European] food?
There are four restaurants that serve European food. What part of town would you like?
I don't care where it is.
[Eraina] in the centre is an expensive european restaurant. Would you like further information?
what is the price range ?
They are in the expensive price range.
What is the address, phone number, and area?
Eraina is in the centre of town located at Free School Lane City Centre. Their number is 01223 368786. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll do. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you. Good bye.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay. Good bye.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [venetian] food.
Regretfully, I don't have a listing for Venetian cuisine. Do you have a second choice?
Anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.
There are over a hundred restaurants to chose from do you have a price range?
Definitely something moderately priced. If you can't find Venetian, how about [British]?
There are 4 results. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, and cotto. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, please. Find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?
Sadly, I don't have access to that information. [The Oak Bistro] might be a good choice. Their phone number is 01223323361 if you'd like to call them
Okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at [11:30] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0IJIWWQ9 . What else can I help you with?
I also need a place to stay. Can you help with that?
Yes I can. What type of place to stay would you like? What area of town?
I'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.
We have five hotels that meet that criteria, are you looking for a specific part of town?
I am not looking for a specific area, but I would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.
How about the [hamilton lodge] it's located in the north.
Does that one have free internet as well? If so it will work great for me.
Yes the hamilton lodge is 3 stars moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking.
Thanks, I need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I can help you book a taxi but first I need some information - where are you leaving from and what's the destination. Also what time do you want to leave?
I am traveling between the two places discussed, I need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.
I booked you a black volvo. The driver can be reached at 07410117478. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I clearly wasn't paying attention. Yes that is all I need.
Then you are all set?
Yes. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling.


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the centre of town, could you provide me with some options to choose from please?
There are 9 italian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap one, please.
There are 3 cheap Italian restaurants. I would recommend Pizza Hut City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
What are the other two restaurants in this price range?
The two other restaurants that are relatively cheap are a restaurant called Ask and the other is Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes please. What are the phone numbers of those places?
The phone number for Ask is 01223364917, the one for Zizzi Cambridge is 01223365599. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not now. Thanks for your help, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I feel like visiting a museum, find me one please
We have lots! What part of town will you be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one and provide info on it?
cambridge artworks in the east is rather nice. It has free admission and is located at 5 greens road. Is there any other information I can provide?
No, that is fine. I also need a train that should arrive by [11:15] and should leave on saturday.
Did you have a departure site or destination in mind?
Oh duh, sorry! I jumped the gun there! I'd like to go to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.
TR4824 leaves london kings cross at 9:17 and arrives at 10:08. Would you like to book tickets?
How much would the ticket cost?
The cost of a ticket is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Not right now, but could you give me the estimated travel time for the train trip?
The travel time for TR4824 is 51 minutes.
cool that's all i need thanks
thanks for inquiring from us. have a great day
Thank you for helping me today.
And thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!


I am looking for a guesthouse please.
In what area would you like it to be?
Any area as fine, as long as it has 3-star accommodations.
Would you like to try the [Alpha-Milton Guest House] located in the North?
Yes, that sounds great! Can I get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving Tuesday.
I'm sorry, the hotel is unable to accommodate your party. Can you arrive on a different day or stay for a different number of days?
How about for 2 days? If it's available will you please book and provide a reference number?
I have successfully booked it for 2 days, and your reference number is OUKN0U42 .
Great. Are there any trains that go directly from Cambridge to Norwich?
Yes, there are several. The trip time is 79 minutes and the cost is generally 17.60 pounds. Can I tell you anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.
Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I'd like a train to London Liverpool Street that leaves after [10:00].
OK, let me see what I can find.
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
TR1750 leaves at 11:59 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book it for 5 people and can I have the reference number please?
Of course. The reference number is 8W9IC5MU and the total is 83 GBP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Okay! Thanks for using our service.


Can you help me find the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in Parkside with the post code CB11JG. Would you like the phone number?
Yes and the address, as well. Thanks.
You can find the station at Parkside, Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks, that's all I need today.
Let us know if you need any more help.


Hi, I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge and need it to arrive by [16:30].
Can you help me by specifying where you'll be traveling to, and on what day?
I need the train to get to Stevenage on Monday, please.
The earliest is the TR2515, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving in Stevenage at 06:10. Is that one you'd like to book a seat on or would you like something later?
I think that is all for the moment. Let me think , thanks.
Ok just let me know when you are ready.
I am looking for [emmanuel college].
Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street and it is free of charge.
Can you tell me what area Emmanuel College is in?
Emmanuel College is in the Centre area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
postcode, phone number, and area
The area is the centre. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. May I help you with anything else today?
Nope that is all I can think of. Thank you so much for the help!
Well, if there is nothing else you need, then I hope you have a pleasant day. Goodbye!


I'm looking for architectural attactions in the centre. Can you recommend one?
There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre: all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church, old schools. Would you like more information on one?
Could I get the phone number and address for [holy trinity church]?
Yes, the phone number is 01223355397 and it is on market street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also wanting to find a place to stay. Although, I will need something with free parking. I can't afford to pay extra at some place that charges extra.
I'm showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the area, all have free parking. Might I suggest the gonville hotel? It's on gonville place and is expensive and nice.
Are any of these accommodations a 0 star?
The [El Shaddai guesthouse] is a 0-star, cheap place.
Does it have free wi-fi? I can't afford to pay extra for that, either.
It does indeed have free wifi for you. Would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me what area the El Shaddai is located in?
El Shaddai is located in the centre area. I can go ahead and book that for you if you'd like.
No thanks, that's all I need for now.
Okay. Have an awesome day!


Bonjour, I need a 4 star hotel with free internet, please.
Alright, I have many options available for you to chose from. Do you have a price range you're looking for, or an area of town you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a price range or area of town.
There are 21 places that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down based on anything else, such as free parking or whether it's a hotel or guesthouse?
Yes, I would like free parking. I don't care whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, though. Could you suggest a place?
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't care, a hotel or guesthouse. Pick a good four star, with wifi and parking. I need to book for Thursday.
I have several choices. The [acorn guest House] has 4 stars, wifi and is moderately priced. How many nights and how many people will be staying?
Great. I have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting Thursday.
Wonderful. I have booked Acorn Guest house to meet your needs. The reference number is TDUTD8DV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thank you for your help!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a Saturday train.
Of course. I have 404 rail departures on Saturday, could you help me with your itinerary please?
I want to leave cambridge to birmingham new street and arrive by [20:45].
There is a train leaving at 5:00.
Ok, can I get the Train ID and the departure and travel time please?
The train you may prefer is the TR5867 that leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. It takes 163 minutes. Would you like that one?
That's perfect. I also need a hotel to stay in. Should be rated 4 stars
There are 21 hotels that meet your criteria. Let's try to narrow it down. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
Anywhere in the south. As long as it has free wifi.
I have 2 options for you, is there a price range you are looking for?
No particular price range. I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
May I suggest [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast? It's a cheap, 4 star, guest house.
Can you provide me with the address and if they have free parking?
They do have free parking. The address is 53 roseford road. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks, just grabbing some information for now. Thank you for all of your help.
Have a nice day.


I am interested in museums, which ones are in operation in cambridge?
There are several museums, is there a particular area you were interested in?
No not really. I just need to get a phone number, postcode, and address for the one we'll be attending. Do you recommend one for me?
I think you will enjoy the byard art museum. It is located at 14 king's parade. The postal code is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223464646.
I would also like a train that depart from ely and arrive by [13:00].
On what day will you be traveling?
I would be leaving Thursday and going into Cambridge.
the latest train would arrive at [11:52]. would you like me to book you a reservation?
no thanks. I just need the train ID, travel, and departure time
The train ID is TR0813. The departure time is 11:35 and the total trip time is 17 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [the gandhi].
The gandhi is location in the centre and is cheaply priced. The address is 72 Regent Street City centre. Would you like any other information?
Can you book it for 8 people on Sunday at [14:45]?
The booking was successful for sunday. The reference number is LPVGJVZ0 . May I assist you with anything else today?
I would also like to find somewhere fun in the middle of town to go.
There are over 40 attractions in city centre - lots to choose from. Do you have a type of attraction in mind?
Sorry, I actually wanted somewhere in the west
[Whale of a time] is a fun-filled, entertainment-type of attraction in the west. Do you want more information?
Sure, please provide me with the postcode and address
The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the post code is cb238el.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need today.
Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I want a cheap [Italian] restaurant in the south side of town.
I'm sorry. I cannot find a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town.
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
[Prezzo] is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town. There is also Indian and British food available in that area and price range. Would you like more info?
Yes can I get thier address and postcode?
Of course, Prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.D.
Thank you! Goodbye!
Thank you! Goodbye!


I need information on the town centre.
Okay I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
I want to know what attractions are in the centre, please.
There are 44 wonderful attractions in the centre area. Do you have a specific interest in mind or would you like me to make some suggestions?
Pick one and I would need the entrance fee and attraction type.
I recommend the All Saints Church. It's an architecture attraction, and it's free to get in.
I'll have to check that out. Thank you, that's all the info I needed.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for places to go in the south part of town.
I have a cinema, nightclub or museum..just to name a few. Any preferences?
Actually, I would prefer the cinema.
Cineworld cinema is in the south of town, their phone number is 00872208000, and they're located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you, can you also find a restaurant called [Ian Hong house].
Yes Lan Hong House is located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre, they are moderately priced and their telephone is 01223350420. Is there anything else you need to know?
Can you reserve a table there for 2 people on Wednesday at [14:45]?
You're all booked! The reference number is MBKF33I9 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.
It was my pleasure to assist you. Please contact us again soon. Have a great day.


Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?
Do you have a price range preference?
I don't really mind about price, but I would like a 4 star guesthouse with wifi located on the east side.
Okay, I recommend [Autumn House]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need it for 3 nights & 3 people starting on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DKE7156L . Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me about the restaurants neat the hotel?
Sure I have Chinese, Indian, Gastropub and British food to name a few. Some expensive. Some moderate.
I am looking for [Indian] food.
Do you have a price range?
no price range but I would need the postcode and phone number
The Curry Prince would be a good choice. The postcode is cb58jj. The phone number is 01223566388. Do you need a reservation?
No thanks, just gethering info for the real boos, my wife. I have no further questions.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!


Will I be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the north part of Cambridge?
Definitely! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and do you have a star rating requirement?
I would like a guesthouse. The star rating doesn't matter, but the hotel should include free wifi.
There are a number of guesthouses that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has a 4-star rating. Does this work for you?
Can you book [Acorn Guest House] for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
The Acorn Guest House was successfully booked for Friday for 2 nights for 4 guests. Your Reference number is : GWZ3QLV5 .
Thank you. That was all I needed.
Can I help with anything else?
I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by [12:45].
Sure, I can assist you with that. Where were you wanting to leave from?
I will need to leave from Ely.
Would you like me to book that for you?
I would appreciate that. Is there only one option that arrives by the time I need?
There is a train departure on Friday from Ely to Cambridge that arrives by 11:52. Do you want that instead?


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
May I suggest curry prince, a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east?
No, the west part of town
Indian, Italian and British restaurants are available in the west part of town for a moderate price. Would you like more information on any or all of these?
What is the address?
Did you want the address for an Indian, Italian, or British restaurant?
I don't have a preference as long as it's moderately priced and in the west part of town.
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.


Could you give me some information on a hotel named [el shaddai]?
Lovely guesthouse. It is in the centre and is very cheap. It has 0 stars but it does offer internet and free parking!
I would like to make a booking for wednesday.
How many people would you like to stay, and how many nights from wednesday?
The booking is for just one ferret for 5 nights.
I"m sorry I don't understand you have a pet?
No, that was a typo. 1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.
Sorry, it's all booked up. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Try 3 nights, please.
Okay, you're all booked for Wednesday, for three nights. The reference number is 0X2R39XC . Anything else today?
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at [04.30] get me the contact number and car type please.
whats your destination?
The hotel please from [the swimming pool]
Am I correct that you will be leaving [Parkside Pools] to go to El Shaddai?
No. I would like to leave [El Shaddai] at 04:30 to go to the swimming pool
Okay. I booked a yellow audi with contact number 07650378763.
Terrific. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our service today.


Where can I find [malaysian] food? I prefer an expensive restaurant please
No I am deeply sorry I am not getting any
How about an expensive Malaysian restraint in the south? Is there anything available?
I'm sorry. There's still no matching results. Would you like me to search for a different foot type?
Yes, please. How about [Indian] food?
I have 1 expensive Indian food in the south. It's called [Taj Tandoori]. They are located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Perfect, yes. I want a table for 5 at [16:00] on monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : X2V543QG
Thank you. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a nice time!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [restaurant two two]?
Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a reservation?
yeah i need a reservation for wednesday
for how many and what time please
I'd like to eat at [14:45]. It will be three people.
your table has been reserved. The booking reference number is B1QT9YDW .


Hi, I'll be traveling to cambridge and am excited to find some places to go. Can you help me?
I will be more than happy to assist you. Please tell me what kind of attractions you are interested in? There are many categories of attractions in the Cambridge area.
im looking for a museum in the centre. may i also have the postcode and phone number for them as well?
The [Broughton house gallery] is in the centre. It's postcode is cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a guesthouse in the north.
What is your price range?
Any range is fine but it needs to include free wifi and parking.
Okay, I have 9 guesthouses that fit your needs. Are you looking for a particular star rating?
I do not. Can you recommend one?
I can recommend the [City Centre North B and B]. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning Saturday. Can I have the reference number for that booking?
Reference number is LFBB6YNO .
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Will the taxi be picking you up at the hotel or at the museum?
I need picked up at the hotel by [9:15] please.
Your taxi is booked. Look for a blue ford, their contact number is 07211297115. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is wonderful. Have a nice day and thank you. Bye.
You're welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Thank you and Goodbye,
If you need anything fell free to call us.


Hello, I need information for the nearest police station please.
Hello, the name is Parkside Police Station, located at Parkside, Cambridge, post code CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.
Let me know if you need anything else.


Could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap?
The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs. It has free parking and free internet too!
Is that a guesthouse? I really want a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
No, I'm sorry the cambridge belfry is a hotel. What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star guesthouse.
The [Autumn House] is a great guesthouse on the east area of town, also includes free wifi and internet, and seems to be just what you are looking for.
Sounds great, what is the address to that guesthouse?
710 newmarket road
Great! That's all I need today. Thank you.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Can you help me find a cheap [Chinese] place in the North?
I'm sorry, can you restate your request, please?
Certainly. I'd like to know what sorts of attractions are available on the north side of town.
I am showing 2 swimmingpools, a park and a boat. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, please. Could you give me the name of the park and its postcode?
The park is milton country park and the postcode is cb46az.
Okay and how about a guesthous in the moderate price range. I'd like free parking and free wifi.
I would suggest [acorn guest house]
That sounds good. I'll need reservations for 7 people for 5 nights, starting from Sunday, please.
Booking was successful! Reference number: J4HIKZSI . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
you were able to get me 5 nights? Can you double check that please?
Yes, the booking was successful, Sunday for 5 nights with 7 people. Anything else we can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help. You have been great!
You are very welcome. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the Centre.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
It doesn't matter. I'm particularly interested in [Jamaican] food.
Unfortunately there are no Jamaican restaurants in the Centre area. Is there another area or food type that you would like?
Then how about somewhere serving [modern european] food?
we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes please. Give me the address of the best one of them.
The most expensive would be Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop at 40270 King Street City Centre. Will that be all today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, and let us know if we can be of further assistance.


Hi I need to find a place to dine serving [Vietnamese] food in the cheap price range.
Thanh [Binh] is a restaurant serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
Thank you!
You're welcome
Can you book me a table for 7 people at [12:00] on saturday?
Okay, got it. Your table has been reserved. The reference number is U2OY8B4T .
Thanks so much!
Thank you have a great day.


I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday
Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after [21:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.
We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ . Is there anything else?
Yes, i am looking to book a room at the [alexander bed and breakfast].
I found Alexander bed and breakfast . Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.
What day will you be arriving?
Let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine
I was able to book you for Saturday.
thanks can I get a reference number please?
Your reference number is XVE54KKH . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, thanks again.
You are welcome enjoy


Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?
Sure, I can help with that. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking for?
No preference really. whatever you recommend
How about [asian oriental] that is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
cool I would need the address, postcode, and phone number.
Okay, the [yippee noodle bar] is at 40428 King Street City Centre postal code cb11lh and it's number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, great. I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. I'd like it to be multiple sports.
How about the [cherry hinton village centre]?
That sounds perfect! Do you know the entrance fee?
There is no information on the entrance fee since there are a variety of facilities. Anything else I can help with?
I need to book a taxi to commute between the 2 places. I want to leave the restaurant by [14:30].
Where will you be headed?
I'll be headed to the Cherry Hinton, of course.
Great. You should expect a blue volkswagen . You can contact them on 07261965496
Thank you! That's all I need for now.
Great, I hope you have a great visit!
THanks so much you have been a huge help.
Have a nice day. Good bye.


Where is a good cheap [Singaporean] place to eat?
My system isn't showing anything, do you have a particular name or any alternative type restaurants you would like me to try?
Is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve Singaporean food?
Sorry there is not restaurant matching your request available. Would you like to select a different food type to see what we can find?
Yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving [chinese] food?
The [Lucky Star] is cheap and serves Chinese food.
That'll be great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode to that please?
The phone number is 01223244277, address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and postcode is cb17dy.
I also am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating.
There are a total of 21 hotels in cambridge with a 4 [star] rating. Would you prefer a certain price range or location?
I am looking for a cheap place in the south.
There are no hotels meeting those criteria in the south however [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast guesthouse with 4 stars priced cheap is available.
OK, a guesthouse will be fine.
Great! What day would you like to book? Anything else you want to share?
I don't wish to book. Can I just get the postcode and phone number?
The phone number for [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? I am wanting to leave the hotel by [16:45]. Also can I have the contact number and car type?
I was able to book that for you. The car type is a White Honda and the contact number is 07321469386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great thank you that's all that I needed today.
You're welcome! Have a great trip!


Yes I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.
We do have a couple matching your criteria, they both fall under the expensive range, one in the centre and one in the south, what is your location of choice?
I don't care where it is located. I would like an actual hotel room and I will need free parking too.
Alright, you have your choice between the [Gonville Hotel] at Gonville Place, cb11ly, or [The Lensfield Hotel] at 53-57 Lensfield Road, cb21en. Do you need more information, or to book?
Yes, I would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday. Please make sure to include the reference number.
I got that all ready to go for you. They will be expecting you on Tuesday. Your reference number is 5535GDTO . Would you need help with something else today?
I am also interested in places to go in the east area. Can you help with that?
Certainly, we have 10 attractions in the east. Do you have a particular type in mind?
Yes I am looking for a park. I'd also like to know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number please.
The [cherry hinton water play] park is at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw, it is free to enter.Phone number 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I also need a taxi to commute between the two.
What time do you need to leave?
16:45. Please give me their car type and contact number.
I will need a departure or arrival time.
I want to leave at [06:45]. I can arrive however long it takes.
Perfect! I have a white volvo scheduled to pick you up at 06:45. The contact number is 07550105668.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!
You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Have a great day.


Hey, are there any cinemas in the city centre? I want to catch a flick.
Yes, [Vue Cinema] is in the city centre. Would you like their phone number?
No, but can I have the address and entrance fee please and thank you?
The address is the graton centre, east road and the entrance fee is not listed unfortunately. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.
I can help with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
depart from leicester and should arrive by [08:00]. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number


i need information about colleges in the centre part of town.
There are 13 colleges in this area. Maybe we can narrow your search. Are there certain colleges or is there certain information I can help you with?
I have no preference but can I get a phone number to one of them?
Corpus Christi is my favorite, and well worth the 2-pound admission fee. Their phone number is 01223338000.
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as [Corpus Christi].
There are 21. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I am looking for [Asian Oriental].
[yippee noodle bar] meets that criteria!
Great. Can you please make a reservation for 4? We'd like to arrive around [18:45] on Wednesday.
Ok. I was able to book that table for you. Your reference number is V0XV1NRC .
thanks so much for all of your help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you
I am glad we can help. enjoy your stay !
Thank you, that is all I need.
Ok, good bye enjoy your day.


I am looking for a moderately priced [chinese] restaurant.
[Golden wok] is moderately priced restaurant located in the north part of town.
Could you please give me their address and postcode?
Golden Wok is located 191 Histon Road Chesterton at and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Yes, I am in the planning stages and could use some help finding some places to go in town.
Well we have many interesting things to see in Cambridge. Is there something specific you were looking for? Perhaps you'd like to visit some of our museums?
i need to see a theater in the center. find me the phone number
We have four theatres to pick from, I recommend the mumford theatre, they can be reached at 08451962320
I am also needing a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.
I would suggest the [acorn guest house].
what is the price range?
It's moderate. Did you want to book?
Yes please, 4 people for 3 nights starting from friday. I will need the reference number.
Okay, you got it. Booking was successful, and your reference number is VSC3P8W2 .
Thank you so much! That's all I need for the moment.
Have a pleasant day, goodbye.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.
There are 8 hotels that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.
You would love the [Allenbell] guesthouse. It meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.
Ok. I was able to take care of that for you, Your reference number is 5JNUY73K .
I am also looking for some places to go in the north. Any Recommendations?
Would you like to go boating? [riverboat georgina] is in the north
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address for there?
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at [13:00] and take me to the boat attraction. Send me car type and contact number.
Your booking was completed. The car will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07010971496.
Thank you for the assistance. I believe we are finished.
Have a wonderful time.


I would like to find a train that leaves on Friday and arrives by [19:30].
What location will you be departing from and what location will you be arriving at?
I need to go from broxbourne to cambridge by 19:30.
TR4322 will depart broxbourne at 17:32 and arrive in cambridge at 18:32. Would you like tickets for that train?
Can you give me the price and travel time on that?
The price is 17.90 and the travel time is 90 minutes
I also need a suggestion for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
There are several cheap restaurants what type of food do you prefer?
Can you give me the reference number for the train? I would like cheap [italian] food in the center.
How many passengers should I book on the train? There are three cheap Italian places. I could suggest Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
Don't worry about booking the train. I just need a reservation for [Zizzi Cambridge] for 8 people at [10:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GAFY4UMT . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm good, thanks.
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Enjoy your meal!


i am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [aylesbray lodge guest house].
The Aylesbray Lodge is a guesthouse in the south area located at 5 Mowbray Road. The pricing is moderate. The phone number is 01223240089. Would you like to book a stay?
No, I can do that. I am looking for places to go in town, a park.
There are five parks in town. Were you hoping for a certain area of town?
In the East preferably.
Okay there is one option here. It is [cherry hinton water play]. Entrance is free. Would you like help with anything else?
Can you tell me the postcode?
The postcode is cb18dw.
Can you also confirm the area that is in please?
That is in the east area.
Thank you so much!
So we have you at a place to stay with something to do for fun, anything else before I let you go?
Thank you that will be all I need.
I'm happy to be of service. Goodbye!


Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town.
There is a place called [Nandos] that specializes in Portuguese food on the south side of town.
What is the address and postcode?
The phone number is 01223 327908 and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system! Have a great day!


I need a train departing from cambridge going to leicester.
What day did you want to travel on?
I'll be going on Wednesday, after [13:15].
We have one that leaves at 13:21, and arrives by [15:06] would you like me to book this for you at 37.80 pounds.
That's perfect. I need 5 tickets
Ok. I've reserved 5 tickets for Wednesday leaving Cambridge and arriving in Leicester at 15:06. Your reference # is A4T8DCJA .
Thank you. I also need information on a hotel called [warkworth house].
Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the east side of town, would you prefer a different part of town?
I just want information the the Warkworth house, especially the address, please.
The address is warkworth terrace.
Okay, thanks that's all I need.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [basque] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else?
How about [british] food?
There are several moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Do you prefer a particular area of town?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
[Cotto] is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves British food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please.
The phone number for Cotto is 01223 302010. Do you need any further assistance?
Nope! Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.


I am a victim of a robbery. I need help.
Oh no! You should call the police at 01223358966.
Can I get the full mailing address for that location, please?
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
And what is the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG. Do you need more help?
No, thank you for all of your help.
You are very welcome! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and best wishes!


Yes, can you give me some information? I am looking for a particular attraction.
Sure, I can assist you. What type of attraction were you interested in?
it's called [primavera].
Here you go, Primavera is a museum in the centre of town, they have free admission.
I would like tickets.
You will not need tickets, as admission is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
Phone number and postcode please.
The phone number is 01223357708.
And postcode please like I asked before.
The post code is cb21sj.
rad, thanks. i also need a train ticket
Okay, where are you heading?
I want to leave Broxbourne and go to Cambridge.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to travel on thursday.
There are 19 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure or arrival time?
I have to leave after [12:30].
tr7406 leaves at 12:32, how many tickets?
Could you tell me what the travel time is, please?
The travel time is 60 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train that departs cambridge on saturday. Any ideas?
There are 202 trains that leave Cambridge on Saturday.
I would like to leave after [16:30] and would like to go to kings lynn.
There are 7 trips that would work. The earliest leaves at 17:11 and the latest leaves at 23:11. The train ride will be 47 minutes. What would you prefer?
I'm interested in the earliest one. What is the train ID?
That's the TR2840.
Alright, are there any 1 star hotels that offer free parking?
I am not showing any hotels with 1 star that have free parking, would you like to look for something else?
Does any of them have free wifi?
Sorry, no, I do not see any one star hotels with free wifi. Would you like to try another option?
Are there any with 4 stars?
We have three 4 star hotels that provide free internet and free parking. Is there an area you would prefer to stay at?
Any place is fine, I go with whatever you recommend.
I recommend The Cambridge Belfry, a cheap 4-star hotel on the west side. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please and I'll also need the postcode.
I need more information on the number of nights and people.
I need the postcode, hotel type, and price range for The [Cambridge Belfry].
the postcode is cb236bw. it is a hotel in the cheap price range. when would you like to stay from, how many people, and for how long?
Forget about booking it, just please tell me what type of hotel it is.
The cambridge belfry is a hotel, not a guesthouse. May I help with something else?
That was all I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I am looking for a place to stay.
Great we have 33 places, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I'd like a moderately priced guesthouse.
We have 15 moderate priced Guesthomes available that may suit your needs, is there a certain area or star rating you are interested in?
Somewhere in the south would be ideal.
There are two: Aylebray Lodge Guest House and Bridge Guest House. Do either of those sound appealling?
Not sure yet. Does either have free parking? I also need free wifi.
There are 2 guest houses in the south part of town both have parking and internet. Do you want a 4 or 3 star room?
The star rating is not important. Either of those will do. Can I just get the name of one and the address please?
Bridge guest house is located at 151 hills road. Would you like to book?
No thanks, can you help me find a nightclub to go to?
There are several nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Are you looking for anything in particular?
No, can you recommend your favorite one?
Yes, I recommend [Club Salsa] on 1 Station Road. It costs 5 pounds to get in.
OKay that's perfect thanks so much.
No problem! Is that all I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi. Ill need to leave [club salsa] by [15:45] and go to [bridge guest house].
Okay let me work on booking that for you!
Thank you. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?
i booked your taxi. there will be a black lexus coming for you. their phone number is 07229053145.
thanks for all your help. You've been great. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for an attraction called [cambridge book and print gallery].
The Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, it is located at 49 newnham road. The best part is the addmission is free
Can I have the phone number please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223694264. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre area.
Would you prefer British, Indian or Italian?
[British] cuisine would be great.
[Saint John's chop house] is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you but I do need to get their phone number please.
The phone number is 01223353110. Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you.
You're welcome have a great day!


I've been injured and I need to find a hospital.
I'm sorry about your injury. Addenbrooks Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. Is there any additional information you need?
Yes I will need the phone number also.
01223245151 is the number. Is there anything else I can do?
I need the address and postcode.
Address: Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode: CB20QQ. Can I help with anything else today?
No that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for places to go in town. The attractions should be in the centre.
There are many things to do in a centre. Are you most interested in a museum, a church, a college, or something else?
Book me for a college and entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode
[downing college] is a college, it is free. Postcode: cb21dq.
I also am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
What preference would you have in relation to price, area or amenities.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range that has free parking & wifi.
What about [archway house] in the north?
That sounds nice, I need to arrive on sunday, I will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 4 nights.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : VQ9MDB4E . is therebany other way i can be of help?
Thank you! Will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at [01:45]?
I have booked your taxi. You will be awaiting a yellow toyota. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the number is 07039085605.
Thank you that was all I needed.
Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes, that is all. Goodbye.
Your welcome, it was my pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
We have quite a few expensive restaurants. Do you have any preferences as far as area or cuisine type?
[Thai] food, in the centre of town.
You should try [Bangkok City] it meets all your criteria and is really great. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book the table.
How many in your party? What day and time would you like to book for?
There are 2 of us. I need the reservation for [14:30] on Wednesday.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : ZSDXS5VK . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a hotel and includes free parking.
The Gonville hotel is in the same area as the restaurant and has free parking. Their phone number is 01223366611.
What is the post code for the [Gonville Hotel]?
Postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a taxi to get me there and back.
Where would you like to depart from?
I want to go from the hotel to the restaurant and need to arrive in time for my reservation. Can you book that and then give me the relevant info?
Your taxi reservation has been booked. You will be picked up by a white Honda at [14:15] at the Gonville Hotel headed to Bangkok City. The Contact number is 07851072379
My visit is all set. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye for now.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.
I show two hotels meeting your criteria. the huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel. shall i book one of these for you?
Are either of those located in the west and include free parking?
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] is in the west and does indeed have free parking.
Could you book that for me? I'll need it friday for 2 nights.
Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for a shorter stay?
Try just 1 night, then.
I was able to book one night, reference number is PHX8BZ7N .
I am also looking for a place to go in the same area.
Sure! If you like museums, I would recommend [people's portraits exhibition at girton college]. Does this sound good or are you thinking of something else?
I think that's good, give me the address and postcode.
It's located on girton college, huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223338901
Alright then, I'm going to need a taxi to get the two places. Can you hook me up with one?
Yes, I can help. Can you tell me where your departure location is and a time frame you were considering?
I would like to leave [Girton College] by [06:00] and arrive at the [huntingdon marriott hotel].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white skoda Contact number : 07702130811


Hi! Can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?
I found four hotels do you have any other requirements?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.
[Hobsons House] matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
No thank you that's all the information I need today.
Alright then. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm not quite done. Would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? We'll be arriving on Friday.
Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that long a stay. Would you like to try for a shorter stay or different day?
Okay, how about a booking for 1 night?
I was able to book 1 night at hobsons house for Friday. Your reference number is R87K52QJ .
Thank you very much. That is all I need!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant in the south part of town.
Yes, there are three, What is your price range?
I want something expensive.
There are two restaurants that match your criteria. Peking Restaurant is one of them.
Let's book [Peking] for 1 person on Friday at [15:15].
I have made those reservations your reference number is J9NGMKIA .
Thanks so much for your help.
Its been my pleasure. If there's anything else I can help you with, please let me know otherwise have a great day.


Can you help me find a place to eat in the expensive price range in the south part of town?
What about the [cambridge chop house]. The address is: 1 Kings Parade. You you like me to book a table?
Yes! Can you book for 2 people at [14:15] on this Sunday?
I was able to book your party of 2 into The Chop House on Sunday at 14:15 Reference: MUWLBLLW . May I assist with more today?
Great that will be all we need.
Are you sure there is nothing more I can help with today?
Actually yes I will be needing somewhere to stay too please. A 3 star hotel in the same area and price range as my restaurant.
I have one matching result. It is the [lensfield hotel]. Do you want to reserve a room?
Yes please, two people for two nights on sunday.
Ok, I've booked the Lensfield Hotel for you for 2 people and 2 nights starting Sunday
Do you have a reference number?
Reference number is : E9BM21NJ . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This time that is everything, thank you for your help.
You are welcome enjoy.


I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves [malaysian] food.
There are no Malaysian restaurants. Would you like something different?
[north american], please. Give me their price range and their address and phone number, please.
gourmet burger kitchen is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Enjoy your meal!


I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.
I have five restaurants matching your request. Would you like Asian, Chinese, European, or French food?
[European] sounds good!
Would you like me to go ahead with booking at [city stop restaurant]?
Not right now. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Sure, city stop restaurant, Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy, phone 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you. Are there any parks in town?
there is [milton country park] in the north, it's in the address milton country park, milton.
Okay, thank you. What is the entrance fee?
Entrance is free at Milton Country Park.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from [Milton Country park] by [20:30].
I can book a taxi for you but will need to know your destination in order to book it for you.
My destination is [City Stop Restaurant].
I have booked a taxi for you for 20:30. Look for a yellow bmw. Contact number is 07961088935
Wonderful. Thanks for help.
If you need anything else, we're always here and ready to help!


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I've found plenty of places with free wi-fi. Is there a certain area you're looking for? Or a certain price range?
It should have a star of 3 and include free parking.
I found 5 hotels with free wifi and free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you prefer?
I'm looking for a hotel in the west with a moderate price range.
I have found no places in the west in the moderate price range with 3 stars. Do you have a different area or price range you would like?
It doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free parking. Please suggest one for me.
The [gonville hotel] is an 3 star, expensive hotel in the centre of town that has free internet and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday and I would like a reference number.
There is no availability at the Gonville Hotel for those dates. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Yes. Please look for any hotels in the same price range
I actually found the Hobsons House which is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse with free parking in the west part of town. Would it be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. The [Hobsons House] sounds good.
Your booking was successful and the Reference number is IYGOHWCR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Hi there! I'd like to book a taxi please. Can you help me with that?
I certainly can. When and where would you like to be picked up?
From [chiquito restaurant bar].
Could you tell me when you would like to leave by and where from?
I'd like to arrive at [Saint Barnabas Press Gallery] by [19:15], and I'm leaving from CHiquito Restaurant Bar.
Great! Look for a yellow toyota to pick you up. The contact number is 07004136407. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, and thank you again.
You are welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Do you have [south indian] food? That sounds really good.
There are no south indian food places, shall I run another search?
Can you try [British] food instead?
I found 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. I recommend either the oak bistro or cotto
Okay, can you book a reservation at [the Oak Bistro] please? I need it to be for 4 people on Thursday at [15:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LFQBM18L .
I also need a place to go in the centre.
We have many types of attractions in the center, including parks and churches. Do you have a preference?
Are there any boating attractions in the centre of town?
Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter are both boat attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Which ever one you recommend will work. I need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.
There is no entrance fee information listed for either attraction unfortunately. But overall I recommend the cambridge punter. Their postcode is cb41as and phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you. I have all I need. Goodnight.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to take me to [The Junction]. I need it here by [18:15].
I'd be happy to help - where should the taxi pick you up? And just to confirm - you need to leave at 18:15?
Yes, leave by 18:15 and from [La Margherita].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue volvo Contact number : 07423194148
Okay, thanks a lot. You have a great day.
You are welcome. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.


I need transportation, specifically a train from birmingham new street. I need one that gets to my destination by [17:00]
We have several! What day would you like to travel?
monday would be perfect
TR1238 leaves at 13:40 and will get you there at 16:23, do you want me to book you?
No, thanks. No need to book today, but can I get the price of the ticket?
Tickets are 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I've heard great things about The [Cambridge Chop House]. Can you tell me about it?
What information are you looking for?
Will you book a table for 3 on Monday at [20:30] for me? I'll also need the reference number. Thanks!
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FNXFS4G4 . What else can I help you with today?
Thanks so much. That's all. Goodbye
I'm glad I could help.


I need a room.
I would love to help! Which part of town would you like?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
There are 12 guest houses that fit that criteria. Is there an area of the city you would like to stay in?
No specifics on area.
You might enjoy the [Acorn guest house]. It's rated 4 stars, and offers free wifi as well as free parking.
Could I book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday?
OK, I have your party in the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is: V4CGYNW3 . Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. Yes, I need a train leaving Cambridge to go to Stevenage.
I have 2,828 trains available, what day would you like the train?
I'd like to leave on tuesday after [21:15] and arrive at stevenage.
I have train TR7822 that leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and gets to stevenage at 22:10, resulting in a 49 minute train ride. It costs 12.80 pounds.
That sounds good. That was all I needed. Thank you.
Should I make reservations?
Yes, please I need the train I.D also
How many train tickets do you need?
Booking is not necessary, I just need the train ID
Ok, is there anything else that I can assist with?
thats it, just the train i.d
The train ID is TR7822 as mentioned previously. Anything else I can do for you?
Nah, that's pretty much it. Thanks.
Great, have a great day!


Where can I find the police station?
They are in Parkside. You can reach them at phone number 01223358966.
Thank you. What is the postcode?
The Postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Great! Have a good day.


I'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range
OK, I have five in several areas of town.
I need it to be a 3 star as well.
That brings us to two fine choices, the Gonville and the Lensfield. Both are rated 3 stars. The Gonville is in the centre, while the Lensfield is in the south.
Thank you. Can you book the [Lensfield] for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on Wednesday?
I have those reference number X83Q82E5 .
You have it booked then?
Yes it is booked. May I help you with anything else today?
Also looking for information on [Saint Johns College].
Saint John's College is located in the city centre. It's phone number is: 01223338600. The address is Saint John's Street. It has an entrance fee of 2.5 pounds.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I also need to book at a taxi to commute between the two places.
When would you like the taxi to arrive at your destination?
it should be there by [11:45].
Okay, the book has been completed! The car will be a yellow toyota and the number is 07626630212. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
You as well!


I'm looking for a hotel named [Worth House]
Found it! It is located in the north and it is cheap. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? And, do they have free internet?
It is a guesthouse, cheap, wifi and parking. Would you like to reserve it?
No just need the address and do they have free internet? I am also looking for a nice place to eat called the [de luca cucina and bar]
found it, de luca cucina and bar is modern european centre of moderate price range. phone number is 01223356666 code,cb21aw and is located on 83 Regent Street
Thank you, I want to book a table for 8 people at [11:30] on saturday.
I was able to book it the reference number is 3EZLDF7Q .
Thanks. What was the address for Worth House?
warkworth terrace is the address, anything else?
I'd also like the hotel type and internet status, please.
[Worth House] has internet and parking. Will that work for you?
yes that works. I also need a taxi to get between the guest house and restaurant.
Ok, a black bmw will pick you up in time to arrive for your reservation at de luca cucina and bar. The taxi's number is 07228077167. Anything else?
That is all thanks for your time.
Thank you, please contact us again if you'd like additional assistance. Have a great day!


I am looking for a moderately priced 3 star hotel to stay in in Cambridge.
Unfortunately, i have no matches for your request. Would you like for me to search all hotels in cambridge.
Yes, I would like a hotel in the moderate price range with 3 stars.
I'm sorry, but I found no hotels matching your criteria, would you like to look for a cheaper hotel?
I would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 3 star hotels. I would like to stay in the moderate price range if possible.
There are 4 moderately priced guesthouses available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the south area if possible.
I have bridge guest house. Would you like me to make a reservation,?
No thanks. Not today. But I could use some help finding a train from Leicester to Cambridge.
I can look that up for you. First, can you tell me the day and time frame you were thinking of travelling?
It needs to leave after [17:45], thanks for checking.
There are 42 trains that leave after 17:45.
Pick one for me and give me the price and arrival time if you don't mind.
Sure. I'd recommend TR9629 which leaves at 18:09 and arrives at 19:54. The price is 37,80 pounds per ticket.
Just to check, does TR9629 leave on Friday? That's the day I would like to travel.
Yes, TR9629 leaves on Friday. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that was everything, thank you very much!
You're welcome. Don't hesitate to ask if there's ever anything else we can help you with.


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions. I really need help with a restaurant though.
We have more than 100 restaurants all over town. May I ask if you have a certain price range you prefer to stay within?
Yes, I in am interested in an expensive restaurant. Thanks!
Is there a certain area you would like?
Are there any restaurants serving [South African] cuisine?
I have no south african restaurants i the expensive range. Would you like to try another type or price range?
How about something serving [British] food?
I have 6 different places that serve British food. They are spread out throughout town. Did you have an area you prefer?
In the west area.
[Graffiti] is a great restaurant in the west area. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
What day do you wish to dine, at what time and how many people will there be?
Just one person, no specific day and time. I'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.
Unfortunately I cannot book the restaurant for you without a day and time. Can you provide that for me please?
How about Tuesday at [7:30]?
Your reference number is 73H253CP . They will hold the table for 15-minutes. How else may I help you?
Yes I need an attraction in the same area.
There are over a dozen different attractions in the west; do you have a particular type of activity in mind?
Can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number?
There are many colleges and museums but I think you will really enjoy the entertainment called [whale of a time]. Would you like more information?
Yes, can I please get the phone number?
Yes, the phone number is 01954781018. Can I help with any other information today?
Thank you. I am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where would you like to be picked up?
I would like to commute between [Graffiti] and [Whale of a time]. I will be heading to the attraction after eating.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the attraction by [7:15].
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am looking for a train that leaves on Monday after [11:00].
Sure thing let me look that up for you. Where will you be going?
We will be going to Cambridge.
I found 139 trains, what is your departure destination?
My destination is Cambridge.
Yes, but from which station are you departing?
I will be departing from Leicester going to cambridge please.
TR1193 closely matches your search. It leaves at 11:09. Would you like more information or any assistance booking a ticket?
Great please looking for seven people and give me the reference number
Certainly, I have booked your tickets, and your reference number is YE6JVB3W . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for an attraction called [scott polar museum].
Sure. The Scott Polar Museum is located in the city center and their telephone number is 01223336540. Admission to the museum is free.
Can i get their postcode, and entrance fee and is that a museum?
Yes, it is a museum. The post code is cb21er, and admission is free.
Great thank you very much that's all that I need.
You are welcome. Please contact us if we can help you with anything else.


I'm looking for someplace to get [British] cuisine in the center of town.
Great, I have five options for you in the moderate to expensive range.
Oh, I really need something cheap.
I do not have anything in that price range for British. Another criteria perhaps?
Could you try an [Italian] place please?
I have 3 in that price range and area. May I recommend [zizzi cambridge]?
Yes, that would be great! Could you please book a table for 5 people at [16:45] on saturday?
Your table is reserved and your reference number is MGCSVPOM . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train from stansted airport to Cambridge that will arrive by [11:30].
There are six, which day would you like to travel?
Saturday. I would like to arrive by 11:30.
I have one leaving at 10:24 and arriving at 10:52. The rate is 8.08 pounds each. Would like me to make reservations for 6?
Yes please make a reservation for 5 people and give the phone number
I booked 5 tickets. There is no phone number, but the reference number is RGMOSM2H .
That is all I need, thank you for your help.
Happy to help. Have a great day.


I want a train leaving from norwich.
There are several trains leaving Norwich, what day are you leaving and where are you going? I also need the time you want to leave or arrive.
I would like to leave after [14:30] and go to Cambridge, please.
Which day are you planning to travel?
I'm planning to leave on Thursday.
I have a 5:16 departure to Cambridge that arrives at 16:36. Would that do?
As long as you mean a 15:16 departure, I'll take 8 tickets, please.
Yes the departure time is 15:16. I booked you for 8 on Train ID TR8040. The Reference number is : 1HY8AJ7Y .
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. Preferably a 3 star one.
What area of town would you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a preference for either, but I'd like it to be in the type of hotel. I'll also need free parking.
I have Gonville Hotel in centre area or The Lensfield hotel in the south area. What is your preference?
The [Gonville] would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?
They are in the expensive range, located on gonville place, postal code cb11ly, they are reachable at 01223366611, may I assist with anything else?
No thank you for everything.
You are welcome. Have a good evening.


I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.
There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.
Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.
The [Hamilton Lodge] has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT .
Can I cancel the reservation with you?
I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.
May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and I'm going to Birmingham New Street.
what about TR1773? it leaves at 09:01
I'll need to arrive by [09:30].
We have 3 trains that match that criteria. One leaves at 05:01, another at 06:01 and another at 23:01. Which one would you like me to book for you?
what time does the one that leaves at [06:01] arrive in birmingham new street?
That arrives at [08:44], which means you'd have about 45 minutes before 09:30. Will that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : SEX3RXHL .
Thank you that is all I need.
All right, I'm glad that I could be of help!


Hi. This might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves [Swedish] food? I don't care about price.
There are no restaurants serving Swedish food.
How about [asian oriental] type of food?
[Dojo Noodle Bar] serves Asian Oriental food in the centre of town. Would you like their number?
No thank you. I just need the address and postcode, please.
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.


I need a taxi to come at [1:45] to [rice boat].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from rice boat and need to get to [limehouse] by 01:45
I have you in a red Toyota, contact is 07737828007.
That is all I need, thank you!
Ok I have a red toyota and the contact number is 07737828007.
Thank you, have a great day.
Have a safe trip!


I was in a car accident dispute and I am looking for help
You should telephone the police immediately at 01223358966.
Can I get the postcode please?
The postcode to the police is CB11JG.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
You're welcome. Anything else we can do for you?
No, I've got to run right now. Thanks, goodbye.
Have a great day!


I need to find a place to visit while in town. What attractions are in Centre?
There are a lot! We have some impressive architecture, historic colleges, theatres, and more. What sort of thing appeals to you?
I'd like to see a college, please.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. [Gonville and Caius college] is fascinating and it is free. Does this appeal to you?
Sounds good. Can I get the address with the postcode for that one, please?
Yes, the college is located on trinity street, postcode cb21ta. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is it free? I also am looking for a [Mediterranean] restaurant in the same area.
Yes the college entrance is free. I also found 3 restaurants with mediterranean cuisine in the same area. two are in the centre. can you give a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap, I'm on a budget.
[The Gardenia] is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant. Would you like me to make reservations there for you?
No I will take care of that. Please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant
You got it! [The Gardenia] is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre, cb23ll. The phone number is 01223356354. What else can I do for you?
I also need to book a taxi from the College to the restaurant.
I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave the college and arrive at the gardenia?
I want to leave at least by [14:45] if that is okay.
That is fine, I've got you booked with a white Tesla.
Thanks. Can I get the taxi company's contact phone number please?
Sure , their number is 07328080907. What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you.
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.


What museums are in Cambridge?
There are 23 options. Do you want a particular area of town?
Um, yes, in the centre.
The [Broughton House Gallery] is in the Centre. Admission is free. Would you like directions?
That's okay, I just want the phone number for it.
The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a train leaving on Sunday from cambridge?
Where is your destination and what time of day would you be looking to arrive?
I want to go to birmingham new street and I'm looking to arrive by [13:45].
How about the TR5401 that arrives at 12:44?
All that sounds perfect. I just need the price on one train ticket, please. Thank you and have a nice day.
The price is 60.08 pounds. Would you like to book this now?
Okay but first can I get the train ID please?
Of course, the train ID is TR5401. Would you like me to book this now?
Thanks, I actually don't need you to book a ticket. In fact, I'm all set. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much!
You're very welcome.


Hi, I am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the east.
I have 3 great guesthouses in the east. I recommend [Warkworth House]. Would you like to book a room?
Maybe. Does it have 4 stars?
Yes it does. Would you like to make reservations?
Does it have internet?
Warkworth does offer internet.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a place to eat that serves [Australasian] food. Can you help me with that?
There are no australasian restaurants in the east. Would you like to try a different cuisine or can I check another area for you?
How about a [Chinese] restaurant?
The Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the East, would you like to book a table?
Can i get the address and number to [Yu Garden]?
Yes, the address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb58pa.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two places.
I can help you with that I just need to know what time you'd like to be picked up from the guesthouse?
I would like to leave at [5:45].
The taxi will pick you up at the guesthouse at 05:45 and will be in a white lexus. Their contact number is 07730745339. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thank you so much.
I'm happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


Hello! This is my first time to Cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the centre?
Do you want British food? If so, the Cambridge Chop House is popular. You are in luck as there is a wide range of options.
Actually, I'm in the mood for [Cantonese] food. Are there any like that?
I don't have any Cantonese restaurants in the centre. I could try another cuisine or another area?
OK. How about an expensive [Japanese] restaurant? I'd like to treat myself!
There is one of those- it is called [wagamama]. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure. Book it for 4 people at [11:45] on a saturday.
Your table is reserved. The reference number is BS73EYWV .
What other local attractions are there to explore?
There are several. Vue Cinema is a popular attraction. Would you like the address?
No I would prefer a museum.
There are 11 found. how about the [broughton house gallery]?
What is the post code, address, and entree fee?
The postal code is cb11ln, address is 98 King Street, and the entrance is completely free.
That sounds good. I also need to book a taxi to go from the [Vue] to the restaurant by my booked time.
I have booked you a black volvo. The contact number is 07018935922. How else may I assist you today?
Great, thanks for all of your help! You have been wonderful!
You're very welcome! Text us back anytime, and have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!


I would like to find a taxi to the centre of Cambridge to an American [modern] restaurant. What would you recommend?
With so few details, I can't book you a taxi quite yet.
I would like to book a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday leaving after [14:00].
How about the 14:19 train? It's a 50 minute trip, so you'll arrive at 15:09.
I think I asked for that wrong...I'm sorry. I'd like to go to Peterborough from Cambridge on Tuesday after 14:00.
The first available train that leaves after 14:00 from Cambridge to Peterborough on Tuesday is the TR7727. Would you like to go ahead and book a seat?
Yes, I need it for two people and I need the reference number. I also need a guesthouse that includes free wifi.
I've booked that for you. The reference number is F5TE3Q1H . As for the hotel, where in the city would you like to stay?
In the north, please. I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 0 star.
[City centre north b and b] is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located in the north with internet access. Would you like me to book this location for you?
Yes please. Can you book it for 2 people? We'd like to arrive Thursday and stay for 5 nights please.
I'm not able to secure 5 nights. I can book you for 4 nights 2 people starting on Thursday. Will that work for you?
Yes 4 nights will work, can you book that and give me the reference number?
I have confirmed your reservation at city centre north b and b for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is GKZ1Z5LL . Is there anything else you need?
No that is all. Thank you so much!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. It doesn't need to include internet.
I have 2 guesthouses and 3 hotels available. Do you have a preference?
Do any of the hotels have 3-star ratings?
I have one with 3 stars in the expensive price range.
That's in the centre?
[gonville hotel] would fit all your needs
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Wednesday. And if I can have the reference number once booked.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BX2JNTSY . Thank you


I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.
I have 17 entries that meet your needs. Can you tell me what area of town you wish to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north
There are 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced. May I recommend [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse]? They're a 4 star guesthouse with free Internet and parking.
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.
What day do you need booked for and how many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.
Great! How many people will be staying?
I need it for 2 people.
I have made the reservations for you the reference number is 2KS3IN63 .
Great. I also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. Preferably an architecture attraction that I can visit nearby.
I'm not finding any architecture attractions in the north. Would you like a different type of attraction?
How about a swimmingpool?
How about [jesus green outdoor pool]? I hear it's lovely
May I have the phone number and postcode ?
post code cb43px, and you can call them at 01223302579. Do you need further information?
Yes, I am going to need a ride there. Can you help me reserve a taxi?
Definitely I have arranged a Red Tesla to pick you up at [2:00]. The contact number is 07682046722. Does that work for you?
It does Thank You have a good day.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!
You're welcome, have a great time.


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I have found 10 hotels that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other criteria you have so we can narrow down your choices some more?
Yes, the hotel need to have free wifi.
All 10 of the places to stay have free wifi. Do you have a preference of a hotel or guest house? Or possibly a price or a number of stars?
No, I just need one of them that is cheap with wifi.
How about the [Alexander bed and breakfast]?
Yea that sounds good. Can I book for 5 people and 4 nights starting Friday
I'm sorry, that booking wasn't successful. Perhaps try another day or maybe shorten your stay?
Can we try for 2 nights?
Yes, that worked. I've got you booked with reference number GR86A29T . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to go in the city centre.
we've got plenty of attractions in the centre of town, can you narrow down your interests please?


I want to visit a college in the centre of town.
You're in luck. We have 13. Do you have any preferences? For example, Downing College over on Regent Street offers free entry.
That would be great, can you please give me their phone number?
Their number is 01223334860. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you, enjoy the college, goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.
No problem. We have 3 guesthouses that match that. Do you have a further preference?
I would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the east part of town.
Well, there's the Autumn House, would you like to give that a try?
Is that a 4-star place? I would like a 4-star place, even though I need it to be cheap.
Yes, the [Autumn House] is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse. Free wifi and parking are included. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode, and also I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Kings Lynn as well.
The postcode for the autumn house is cb58rs. There are 133 trains travelling from Cambridge to kings lynn. Could you be more specific on what day/time you're looking for?
The train should leave Monday after [17:45].
Trains run every hour from 18:11 all the way to 23:11. If you don't have a preference, perhaps I can book you the 18:11 train? It arrives at 18:58.
Yes, go ahead and book 4 tickets for me on that train! Once that is done, can I have the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Y9FTRIGK . Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all thanks
No problem. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a nighclub in the south part of the town.
The Place is a nightclub in the South. Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes. I want the address, postcode and phone number.
Their address is 22 sidney street, postcode cb23hg, and their phone number is 01223324600.
I also need a train. Cambridge to Leicester.
Sure, I can help you with that. When were you looking to leave?
The train should leave on Saturday and arrive by [15:15].
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LN5I5NN8 .


Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. Can you tell me what you have?
Sure. There is a Chinese Restaurant and a Portuguese Restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Does this restaurant serve fusion food?
No, I'm sorry. Either Chinese or Portuguese.
That's disappointing. Can you tell me about the Chinese restaurant?
It's called The Lucky Star. It's at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Great can you book it for 1 person at [17:15] on saturday?
It isn't available. Shall I try the Portuguese restaurant?
Yes, that would be fine, thanks.
Your table will be waiting for you. Your reference number is 6U8PG73H .
Thank you for you help. That is all I need.
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for information on a restaurant called [saigon city]?
Sure, it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
I would like to book a table for [15:00] on Tuesday for 8 people.
You're all set. Your reference number is QZPCEBYU .
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a museum in town, do you have any recommendations?
There are many wonderful museums in town. Do you have a specific type of museum that you would like to visit?
Would you recommend one near the restaurant for us?
Sure, the [Broughton House Gallery] meets your criteria.Would you like their information?
Yes, I'd love to have their phone number, postcode, and area please
They are in the centre area at 98 king street cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi, I'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after [21:45]. Can you help me with a reservation?
Absolutely I can help with that. What day and to what destination are you traveling?
I am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge.
All trains leave at 23:00,what time would you like to arrive?
I do not have a specific arrival time.
Do you have a day you will be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday.
the TR4898 leaves at 23:00. do you want a ticket?
Yes for five please.
I made reservations for you your reference number is 0F1R2M73 .
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
There are 11 great guesthouses to choose from. Would you like free wifi or parking? Also what price range were you looking for?
It doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. I will take a suggestion as I'm not familiar with the area.
I would recommend [limehouse], a 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book it for 5 people.
What day will you be checking in?
I actually don't need to book. I would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range.
Limehouse is a moderately priced establishment. They're in postcode cb42je and their phone number is 01223300552. Is there anything else you want to know? Or anything else I can help with?
No that's everything I needed. Thank you!
Thank you, Have a great day.


Please suggest to me a 4 star motel in Cambridge that offer free wifi.
We have several. Do you have a preferred section of the city?
No, but I would like it to be cheap.
There are 8 lodgings to choose from - 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel. They all provide complimentary Internet and parking and all have 4 star ratings.
Ok, I would like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.
What part of town? What day would you like to start your stay?
I want a hotel but I don't have an area preference.
The [allenbell] is a cheap option.
Sounds great! Can you book a room for 7 people for 5 nights? We'll be arriving on Thursday.
Yes, I will book that for you now.
Yes, I will book that for you now.
I've booked your party of 7 a room at the Allenbell beginning on Thursday for a total of 5 nights. Your reference number is H1S8FEQ9 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks! I'd also like to book a table at [Ian Hong House]. It will need to be on the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at [13:30].
Ok, booking was successful. You've got a table for 7 on Thursday at 13:30. Reference number is : M3V096O6 .
Thank you so much for your help
Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!


I would like to book a taxi please.
Where would you like to go?
I need to go to [broughton house gallery].
I'd be happy to book that for you, where will you need picked up?
I am leaving from [the junction].
Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
I'll be happy to help you with that. Is there a certain type of food you would prefer?
I would like a restaurant that serves [european] food in the expensive price range please.
There are 2 restaurants that meet your criteria; [Eraina] and Michaelhouse Cafe]. They are both in the centre of town.
Great, can I have the phone number and address for Erania please?
Sure, their phone is 01223368786 and their address is Free School Lane City Centre cb23rh. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called [Ruskin Gallery]. Can you get me some info on that?
The Ruskin Gallery is in the centre area and the phone number is 01245493131. Would you like the address?
No address needed, thank you. I have all the information I need.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, I want to leave the restaurant by [13:15]
Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus, and the contact number is 07952562480
Thank you very much, that will be all you can do for me for today.
Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!


Hello, can you give me information about [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge], please?
Sure, it is located at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. That is the east side of town. It's pretty expensive, but very nice.
Price is of no concern since I just won the lottery. Please book a room starting on Monday for 2 people for 3 nights. Thanks!
Congratulations! I have made your reservation. Do you want the reference number now?
Yes I would like the reference number, thank you.
Reference number is : JEEFI2OW . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. I prefer the east. It's time to live life to the fullest!
i have found 10 attractions. what type of attraction did you have in mind?
Can you recommend one and give me their post code.
Sure. How about the [Funky Fun House] and their telephone number is 01223304705?
could I have the postcode please
Yes, it is cb58hy. What else can I help you with today?
I am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at [05:15]
I do not have a restaurant for you. Shall I book one before I book the taxi? Or would you like to go from the Funky Fun House to the hotel?
I am sorry. Yes please book from the funky house to the hotel.
Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up at the Funky Fun House a 05:15. Please look out for a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07739352636.
Thank you for helping me.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Actually that's all, thank you.
Great thanks for letting us assist you today!


I'm looking for a place to stay in west Cambridge.
i recommend hobsons house located in the west with a moderate price range and 3 star rated. it has both parking and internet. you can call them on 01223304906. postal address iscb39Ih, 96 barton road
I'm looking for a two star hotel with free wifi. Is there anything like that in the west?
I have no listings, maybe a different star rating?
Maybe I could stay in the north. Can you please look there for a 2 star hotel that includes free wifi?
There are none matching your criteria, I have several 4 star ratings and 1 0 star rating. Would any of these work for you?
Yes I want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday
How about the [Avalon]? It is a 4 star guesthouse.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for Thursday for 8 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XGDP2O4H .is there anything else?
have you heard of [cote]? its a restaurant in town
Yes, Cote is a french restaurant, would you like me to make reservations for you?
no. i just want the address for today
Their address is Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks a lot, that's all for now.
Can I look up any other information for you?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Does Cambridge have an establishment called the [Shanghai Family Restaurant]?
The Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a reservation for 2 people at [18:15] on Sunday.
I was able to book the table for you the reference number is BAHVA4JZ, they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
Is there a price range you prefer?
Yes, i am looking for a four star hotel in the expensive range.
[University arms hotel] would be a great fit! need a reservation?
Yes, please! Same group of people as the restaurant, same day. We'll want to stay for 4 nights.
Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EYOTOQRV . Can I help with something else?
No, I believe we are all set. Thank you!
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


Yes, I'm calling regarding Addenbrookes Hospital. What is the address please?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you! That is all I need.
You are very welcome!


I am looking for a [danish] restaurant in the south part of town.
Unfortunately, there are no danish restaurants listed in the south part of town. Would you like something else?
Yes, please look for [Portuguese] food. Can I get the phone number and address?
nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the cheap price range located in the south part of town. The address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I am looking for multiple sports in the centre.
Sorry I have no listing in centre,can I check another area?
No. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?
There are thirteen colleges that are listed in the city's centre.
Pick one! I just need to phone number, postcode, and address, please.
Christ College, 0122334900, Saint andrews Street cb23bu.
Thanks. I was also interested in finding a train from Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
We will miss you! Where are you traveling to?
I need to go to Kings Lynn on Thursday after [19:00].
Okay the TR0481 matches your needs. It leaves at [19:11].
that sounds good, i will need a reservation for eight people and give me a reference number also please.
Your booking has been successful. Your total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUPD31QM . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks
wonderful, enjoy your visit!


I would like to book a taxi from the [hamilton lodge] to [restaurant one seven].
Ok, what time do you want to leave.
I'd like to arrive by [21:30].
Booking completed! Anything else I can help with today? Booked car type : grey volkswagen Contact number : 07966585521
Thank you for your help, goodbye!
No problem. Have a good day!


Hello, I am looking for something to do in the west part of town. It sould involve multiple sports.
Unfortunately none of those places exist here. Any other preferences?
Hm, can you tell me about what entertainment venues might be on the west side of town instead?
There's a fun place called [Whale of a Time] at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thank you, can I please get an address and postal code. Is there an entrance fee that will be charged.
The address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill in postcode cb238el. I'm sorry, I do not know if there is an entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help!
You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!


How much for a room in a hotel in the city center?
Unfortunately, my system is not able to pull up that information. I do have information available on restaurants or attractions. Can I help you with any of those?
I was thinking about going to [Byard Art], can you tell me the address and what the entrance fee is?
The address is14 king's parade and it is free
Thanks! I also need a place to dine in the south.
There are nine to choose from, do you know which cuisine you would like?
[Creative] food, if possible.
No matching records found would you like to try another type ?
Sure, let's try for [Chinese] then instead. I want somewhere expensive.
how about peking restaurant?
I really want Chinese.
That is a chinese restaurant.
Okay, great. Can you book that for me then? It'll be on saturday at [17:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y10FLRJ2 .
Great, thanks for all your help!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


I'm looking to visit the [Lynne Strover Gallery].
Certainly, lynne strover gallery 23 high street, fen ditton, phone 01223295264 free to enter. Any other questions I can answer?
That sounds fantastic! Thank you!
Anything else I can look up for you?
Yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the moderate price range located in the centre town?
It is free to enter, and would you like to eat at The Oak Bistro located at 6 Lensfield Road?
Do they serve Christmas food?
No, I'm sorry, the serve British style cuisine. Are you still interested?
Not in British food. Are there any that serve [Italian] food?
There is the pizza express and the pizza express Fed Ditton. Would you like to book either one of these?
Could you just give me the number for [pizza express].
The number is 01223324033, is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thanks for your help.
Not a problem! I was glad to be of service. Thank you and have a great day!


I need to find a hospital nearby that has a [hepatobillary and gastrointestinal surgery referral center]
Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge has that department. Would you like the phone number to that direct department?
No, I just need the postcode.
Certainly. The postcode is CB20QQ. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks!
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


I have just been robbed and i am looking for assistance.
Would you like the phone number for the Parkside Police Station, or are you in a different area?
Yes. Please give me the number for the Parkside police station so I can report the robbery.
The number you're looking for is 01223358966.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
I'm sorry to hear about your situation. Good luck. Goodbye.


I am traveling to Cambridge soon. I can't wait to try some local restaurants. Can you help me with a place to stay?
There are many hotels in Cambridge. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I need it to have 4 stars and parking too.
I have 19 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range, just whatever will get me a good hotel in the east area.
I would like to recommend [allenbell] if that is alright with you?
Do they have free internet and can you provide the postcode?
Yes the has Wifi and the postcode is cb11ee
Are there any inexpensive [Indian] Restaurants near Allenbell?
There are two here. I recommend pipasha restaurant. Do you want a reservation?
Is it a cheap restaurant?
No it is not. There aren't any cheap Indian restaurants in the east. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yeah area doesn't matter. Just choose one cheap indian restaurant in Cambridge please then provide me with the area, address, and postcode for it.
The [Mahal of Cambridge], the address is 3-5 Millers Yard Mill Lane and the postcode is cb21rq.
Please tell me the area too
It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for today. Thank you very much.
Thanks for calling. Have a wonderful day.


Are there any concert halls in the center of town?
I have a listing for [the man on the moon,can] I get you any other information?
Yes I would need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.
Sure, the post code iscb12lf and the phone # 01223474144. Unfortunately, we don't have the information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need to find a train going to cambridge.
Okay, what day will you be traveling and where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street
What time will you be traveling?
I need to leave after [12:15].
TR2826 leaves from london at 13:39 and arrives at 15:07. Fare is 16.60. Would you like me to book seats for you?
Yes, I need one ticket, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : V5YS30VP . Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all
Have a nice day.


Can you help me get a train ticket leaving birmingham new street on sunday please?
We have many options that meet your needs. Do you have a certain destination in mind?
I am looking to go to cambridge and leave after [21:00] please.
I have three different choices depending on when you want to arrive. I've got one arriving by 24:23. Would that work?
That would be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.
Your ticket has been booked, reference number is D77TJZNF
Thank you. Can you tell me what kinds of museums there are in that area?
There are over 20 museums in the city, is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?
No, I do not have any preference on area. What would you suggest?
You might like [Broughton House Gallery]. Would you like more information about this?
Yes please may I have their postcode?
Sure! The postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I need for now, thank you!
You're welcome, have a wonderful visit!


Hi. I need a train out of cambridge.
There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
My destination is birmingham new street and I need to leave after [9:00].
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Thursday.
I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that for 1 person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L . Do you need anything else?


Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I found 14 hotels that match your criteria. Do you have any additional preferences such as location or number of stars?
free parking and moderate pricing
Would you like a certain area of town?
Yes, can you check the north please?
There are 9 hotels that match your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
No preference. I need someplace that can accommodate a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Wednesday.
How about [home from home], a 4star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road?
Yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 5 nights? I want to get there on wednesday.
Okay, I have made your reservation with reference #I1RR2BG7 . Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you locate a shopping mall near the hotel?
there aren't any shopping malls.
Could you recommend a good place for shopping?
I only have attraction information.
Ok. I need a train after [14:00] on Wednesday. It needs to leave from London Liverpool Street and get to Cambridge. I need the train ID please.
The TR7978 is the one you are looking for. It leaves London Liverpool Street and 15:39 and arrives at Cambridge at 17:07. Do you need me to book it for you?
Great that was all the info I needed today, thanks!
Great. Please enjoy your stay at Cambridge and thank you for choosing our help desk.


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the [cow pizza kitchen and bar]. What do you know about it?
Yes The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves gastropub type of food, is moderate in price and is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
I would like to book a table there for 1 person on Sunday at [19:00]. And could I please have the reference number?
Sure! The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OKV392YK .
I also need a training leaving on the same day I booked the restaurant for.
What is your destination?
I am traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge. Need to be there by [15:15].
what will be your departure time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15, so if you could find the train closest to that arrival please.
TR7864 will be the closest to that arrival, it arrives at 15:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please get me 1 ticket and then tell me the reference number
Your booking was successful and you will pay 13.2 GBP at the station. Your reference number is EHCN9BOG .
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!
Alright, no problem! Enjoy your visit!


Hi, I'm looking for the [Bridge Guest House]. Can you give the information about it please?
The Bridge guesthouse is in the south and is in the moderate price range, it has a 3 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on monday.
You are all set! The reference number is 8KYSNB3T . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to eat. It should serve [bistro] food and be expensive.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes please, could you look for a [chinese] retaurant in the expensive range?
I have 9 Chinese restaurants available. What part of town do you prefer?
It does not matter. Pick and book me at one on Monday, for four people at [13:00].
You are all booked for [Yu Garden]. Your reference number is WV60248M . They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi between the two places.
I'd be happy to help. Would you like to depart from the restaurant or the hotel?
The hotel please in a taxi
You're all set. A white ford has been reserved to take you to the yu garden by your 13:00 reservation. The number is 07050800030. Do you need anything else?
that's all! thank you!
It was my pleasure.


Can you find me a place to eat? I want something cheap and [Spanish].
I got a restaurant called [La Raza], and phone is 01223454550
Is this in the centre? I'd like something in the centre, if possible.
This is located in the centre. Did you want to book it?
Yes. Book it for 6 people at [18:15] on monday. Can I also get the reference number too?
I was able to book your reservation to La Raza for your specified date/time. Your reference number is SG2DPAUE . Is there anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4 star hotel in the west part of town, please.
I have 3 hotels that are 4 star rated in the west. I have two that are cheaper and one that is expensive. Which would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate price range and I will need free wifi as well.
Now I am showing 0 results. Would you like to try a different price range?
Ok, how about a cheap one instead?
How about [The Cambridge Belfrey]?
Yes! Please book me for a 4 night stay, starting Monday, for 6 people. Please send reference number as well.
Yes I was able to get you in at the [Belfry] and your reservation number is 0EO0KDJR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by [18:15], please.
I found a black honda with phone number 07205421072 making that trip.
Sounds great. Please make a booking.
Your booking has been successful! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today - thank you so much for all your help! I'm excited to see Cambridge.
it is my pleasure.


Is there a train I can take from cambridge that leaves after [18:15]?
The TR1006 leaves at 19:00. Would that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and go Leicester.
Sure. The TR9517 leaves at 18:21 on Sunday for Leicester. Would you like me to book it?
No need for a booking, right now. Could you tell me the arrival time?
the arrival time is 20:06
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, but I do need free parking and wifi. Also, are there any 0-star places? I'm feeling adventurous.
[cityroomz] is a moderately priced 0 star, but they don't provide parking. It's in a totally sketchy area called Sleeperz. Want to give it a shot?
Please give me the correct area of town.
it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road
Could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday?
Booking was successful starting wed. Reference number is : N18DU4NR . CityRoomz, sleeperz hotel, station road, cb12tz.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for help with a car accident dispute.
The number for the local police station is 01223358966.
Great can I also have the address?
Certainly. The address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. I have everything I need.
Ok. Good luck with your dispute! Goodbye.


I am looking for the nearest police station
I have the Parkside Police station. Their number is 01223358966, the postcode is CB11JG
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


Need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.
There are five expensive restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
It really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the east part of town. I need the postcode & phone number when you find one please.
IS [Yu Garden], a Chinese place fitted to your tatse?
That sounds fine I need their postcode and phone number.
The postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Ok. Thank you for the information.
Your welcome and enjoy your meal!
I'm also looking for a train on Thursday, to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Broxbourne by [18:15].
I have train TR6457 arriving at 18:01 and leaving at 17:01,is that good for you?
That sounds fine. I need tickets for 8, please.
All set. Your reference number is YG7KTN9A .
Thank you very much!
Is that everything that you will be needing today?
I believe so. Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye


I am searching for a [Lebanese] restaurant in the east part of town.
There are no Lebanese restaurants in East. Do you have another food type you would be interested in?
How about [Chinese] food? I would like to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the restaurant.
[Yu Garden] is at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A. The phone number is 01223 248882.
Is that in the east part of town?
Yes, yu garden is in the east part of town.
Thank you good bye.
Thank You
That's all I need to know, then. Goodbye.
Goodbye


I am looking for a restaurant, it's called [anatolia]
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I want to book a table for 5 people at [14:15] on Monday.
Ok, I have booked a table at Anatolia for 5 people on Monday at 14:15.


Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area. Could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.
Yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that.
Is that a gastropub restaurant?
It is not, but [The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] is a [gastropub] in the center of town, and it is a moderate price range. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people at [17:15] on Tuesday.
I've booked that for you. Your confirmation number is UGFBZ3HB . They'll hold the table for 15 minutes.
thanks you very much that's all i need.
Great, I hope you enjoy your dinner!


I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking, my price range is on the expensive end.
Okay, we have 5 hotels that match your criteria. Is there a specific area you're looking for?
Yes, I'm thinking I'd like it to be in the north. Does that help?
Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive hotels in the North that have rooms available. Would you like me to try another area or another price range?
What about any in the cheap range?
[Worth House] is a four star guesthouse on 152 Chesterton Road that seems like a good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from thursday?
I booked the room for 5 people and five nights starting on Thursday. The Reference number is : MCS14SHL .
Thank you that is all I need, goodbye
great, have a wonderful day!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range
I have 4 results for a moderate 3 star guesthouse, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'm not too particular about which particular area I say in, but I do need free parking.
The [Hamilton Lodge] is a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address, please.
The address is 156 chesterton road.
That's all I need, thank you!!
welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town. Do you have anything in that category?
Yes, I have found 3 to choose from. Would you prefer a moderate price or something cheap?
Moderate, please, and make sure they have free parking.
How about the Bridge Guesthouse that is in the moderate price range?
Do they have free parking? And do you know if they have a star rating?
Yes, they have free parking and it has a 3 star rating. Would you care to book a room at bridge guest house?
Not right now. I'd just like their phone number, please.
That number is 01223247942.
Great. Thanks for all your help. Bye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


Can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
There are 22 restarants serving cheap food. What type of food would you like?
[Indian] would be good as long as it's in the center. I need to book a table for 2 people at [18:15] on a Sunday.
[The Gandhi] has great food at an even better price! Should I book you a table here?
Yes, that would be fine.
Unfortunately there are no tables available for Sunday at 18:15. Would you like to try for a different day or time?
Yes can you try Sunday at 17:30 please
I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful. Could you try a different day or time?
do you have anything available for sunday?
No, could you try another day and time?
How about [17:15]?
I was able to book the table for you for your party of 2 on Sunday at 17:15. The reference number is Z16ZTXKY .
Great. That'll be everything. Thank you!
Thank you, good bye.


Hello. I would like to visit an attraction called [Byard Art]. Can you help me get some information?
This is a museum in the south, It's free to enter. Would you like their contact info?
Yes, the address and postcode, please.
The address is 14 king's parade and postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Thanks so much. Can you help me with a place to stay?
There are 33 hotels available. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. The hotel should be in the cheap price range
There are several to choose from. Do you have a particular part of town that you would like to stay?
Don't care as long as it has free wifi and parking
Might I recommend the Autumn House. It is 4 star rated and just underwent remodeling. It is quite a place to stay. Can I reserve you a room?
Is that an actual hotel? I don't like guesthouses.
Yes that is a guesthouse. There is one hotel that is not a guesthouse in the west. It is The [Cambridge Belfry]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, just the postcode will be fine.
Okay the postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, I'll need to leave by [19:30]
Could you clarify, which place do you intend to depart from and which do you want to arrive at?
I will be leaving from [Byard Art] by 19:30
It is all booked. Be expecting a blue Honda. Please call 07916276451 should you need to reach them.
Thanks for the help with the museum, hotel and taxi. I don't need anything else. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


Hello I am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve [chinese] food
There are three Chinese restaurants in the north: Hakka (expensive), The Hotpot (expensive), and Golden Wok (moderate). Would you like more information on any of these?
[Hakka] sounds good, I'm looking for something expensive. What else can you tell me about them?
Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant on the north side of the city, on Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 5 of us on Wednesday at [17:00].
Success! Your reference number is A7G7J0KF
Thanks so much. I also need train tickets for wednesday as well, I will be going to cambridge.
From where will you be departing that day?
From Leicester please. I need to arrive in Cambridge by [10:30].
I have train TR1903 leaving leicester at 5:09 and arriving in cambridge at 6:54 on wednesday. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I will also need the reference number and price.
I'll gladly book your tickets. How many would you like?
Nevermind, just remembered I may have to do something else that day. Could you just give me the price for a ticket? That way I'll know and can get my own.
Sure - that's a pricey train ride, with a fare of 37.80 GBP per person. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for your help!
It was a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.


Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?
Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.
We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.
How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.
I will need the day you want to arrive.


Yes, I need a taxi to take me to the [Addenbrookes Hospital].
I don't think you want a taxi, but here's the address: Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Yes, thank you for your help.
enjoyed your services. keep that up
That's all I need for today. Good bye.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


I need a taxi to pick me up at [curry prince] at [08:15].
Where is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?
My destination is [kettle's yard], and anytime after 8:15 would be fine. Please notify me of the car type and the contact number. Thank you.
Ok, I have booked you a grey Audi for an 8:15 pickup. The contact number is 07249275156.
That is all I needed, thank you.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great rest of your day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
there are 5 expensive restaurants in the east, what food type do you want ?
I don't care.
How about the [Royal Standard] at 290 Mill Road City Centre?
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 247877.


I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.
I have several options for you - one African restaurant, one Asian Oriental, and 3 serving British cuisine. What would you like?
I am really looking for something that offers [Japanese] food.
We have a match for you! [Wagamama] is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 3 people on Monday at [17:30].
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BKZ9DJQN . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for the help!
Great! Have a terrific time!


I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve [mediterranean] food.
[The Gardenia] restaurant is a great choice. It is not expensive, and meets your other criteria. The address is 2 Rose Crescent City Centre
Sounds great! Can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on Sunday?
What time would you like the reservation to be for?
[16:15], please, thank you.
You are booked, with ref # WBB6XXRP . Anything else for you today?
No that is all. Thank you for the help.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


Any trains departing cambridge?
Yes, there are a lot. What day would you like to travel and where is your destination?
I'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. I need to be there by [20:45].
I would recommend TR9582 leaving Cambridge at 19:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 19:58.
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me on that train for 5 people?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NNYALFST .
I'm also looking for a place to stay?
What is your price range?
Expensive. I love luxury. But I do expect free parking.
There are a hotels in the expensive price range. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
No i do not do you have a reccomendation?
i will recommend university arms hotel. can i give you the contact?
Does the University Arms Hotel have 5 stars? I would prefer a place with 5 stars.
The [University Arms Hotel] is a 4 star establishment. I was unable to find any expensive 5 star hotels.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?
they are in the centre and the # is 01223351241
Thanks so much. That is all I need today.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


Could you help me find a train? I am looking for one to take me to Cambridge and I need it to leave by [17:45] on Saturday.
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge heading to norwich please.
TR7043 departs cambridge at [18:36] on Saturday, arriving in Norwich at 19:55. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Yes, that would be fine.
Would you just need 1 ticket or how many can I book for you?
I need to book the train for four people, and I'll need the reference number, please.
Booking was successful on train TR7043, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is EN27M17A . Can I help with anything else?
No. Thank you, you were very helpful.
I'm happy to help. Have a great day.


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No particular department. Could I get their phone number?
The number for the hospital is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you also give me their address while I call them, to save some time? Thanks.
Yes, it is Hills Rd. Cambridge. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye. I hope you feel better!


Hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the North side of town please
i have 33 hotels on the north side of town. what amenities are you looking for?
I'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.
Okay and what is your price range?
Any price range is fine.
I recommend [city centre north b and b]. They're in the cheap price range and their address is 328a histon road
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
The room is booked starting Sunday for 4 people, 5 nights. Reference number is : T0GOB1RP . Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.
Do you have a food type in mind?
Yes, I would like [bistro] food please.
There are no restaurants that meet those requirements.
Oh darn it. How about one that offers [european] food?
There are 3 options in the centre area with european food. Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, postcode cb23rh. Would you like info on the others also?
[Eraina] sounds great. Could you please make a reservation for 4 people on Sunday at [17:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VZB1B67F . Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a taxi
Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination. Do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go to the North.
Okay. Will you be leaving from Cambridge?
I want to leave from [city centre north b and b] to arrive at the [Eraina] restaurant in time for my [17:15] reservation.
Ok I have booked you a red toyota, contact number 07919147301 arriving at [17:05]. Anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. Goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Can you tell me more about [gourmet burger kitchen]? Where is it?
They are in the towns centre. Expensive but worth every penny. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, a table for 6 people at [13:15] on Tuesday would be amazing.
I have that table reserved. Your reference number is K94DWSQN . Can I help you with a taxi or hotel room?
What can you tell me about attractions in the south part of town?
We have 8 attractions in the south part of town. Do you have a preference of type?
no, not really. What are entrance fees on the 8 attractions?
Unfortunately, we do not have information on several of them. But, Byard Art, Wandlebury Country Park, and Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park are all free admission attractions.
How about the postcode and attraction type for [Byard Art]?
Postcode, cb21sj, and the type is museum. Is there anything else I may help you with?
I need a taxi from [Byard Art] that will get us to the restaurant on time.
I have booked you a taxi that will get you there by 13:15. The car type is a blue Tesla and the contact number 07664553144. Can I do anything else?
No, that's all I need for now. you've been very helpful. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, I'm all done here.
Enjoy yourself.You can call us if you need anything else


I'm looking for a nice [Italian] restaurant. Nothing too expensive...like mid range?
I have listing for 5 different ones,can I get what area you are looking for?
I don't care about the area. Could you book a table for 5 at [12:30] on Sunday?
Okay, I have booked you at [Pizza Express] with reference number NK86VOJY . May I help with anything else?
Nope, I think that will do it. Thank you so much!
You are welcome. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking.
I have 4 different places available to you. 2 are hotels and the other 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any that would be moderately priced?
No I'm sorry, I don't. Is there another price range you would consider?
No, I need it to be moderately priced. Is there a hotel with free parking in the north?
I have 7 moderately priced guesthouses and 2 moderately priced hotels in the north, all with free parking.
Great! Id's like information on one of the hotels please.
Do you have a further preference among them?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do. I'd recommend Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 chesterton road cb41da. The phone number is 01223353888. Would that work for you?
That will help, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all the info I needed. Thanks so much for your help.
You are welcome. Good bye.


Hi. I'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. Do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?
We have many expensive restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a type of cuisine that you would prefer specifically?
I do not care.
I would recommend wagamama, which serves japanese food. Would you like to reserve a table?
That would be great, can I also have the postcode and address for [Wagamama]?
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, thank you, but I would like to know if there is a museum in town. I need the postcode for the museum.
The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre. It's postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all today. Thank you.
My pleasure, enjoy your trip!


I need a train going to cambridge on thursday .
From where and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be departing from broxbourne on thursday.
What time would you like to leave by?
I just need to arrive at or a little before [13:00], please.
I have train TR1590 that will leave at 11:32 and put you in Cambridge at 12:32. Would that be okay?
Yes. I also am looking for a hotel called [Worth House].
The Worth house is a cheap hotel in the north. Its on 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to book? Also would you like me to book train?
No, can you give me the travel time, departure time, and train ID for the train you mentioned?
TR1590 leaves at 11:32 and the duration is 60 minutes.
Thanks! I'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 3 nights starting thursday.
Your reservations at Worth House have been confirmed. Your reference number is FA43DXGE . Did you need assistance reserving train seats?
No thank you that will be all
You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay at the Worth House.


Hi, can you suggest some attractions I could visit in Cambridge?
Absolutely. We have plenty of options. Looking for a place in particular?
Can you look for something in the east?
There are museums, a park, a pool, multiple sports, entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these sound fun? Personally, I think the boat is a lot of fun.
Are they all located in the east? If so, I would like more information on the boat!
Camboats is in the east and there is no entrance fee listed. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking to book a train to kings cross on wednesday to cambridge.
what time were you wanting to leave by or arrive by?
I want to arrive by [12:15].
I have train TR2417 that is departing at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Would that work for you?
That would be great, could you book it for 7 people?
Absolutely! I've booked 7 tickets for a total of 165.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 9G3E2JDS . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually. I just need the phone number and postcode for the attraction you told me about, [Camboats].
The phone number to Camboats is 01223902112 and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you very much. That will be all.
You're very welcome, have a great day!


I need a train into Cambridge that will arrive by [14:30].
I can help you with that. Can you tell me what your departure location will be?
Yes, I'll be leaving Leicester on Tuesday.
I have a train that arrives at 13:54. How many seats would you like?
I'd like 3 if possible and also need the reference number.
I was able to book you those 3 seats and your reference number is J3B2D19H .
Thanks! What can you tell me about the parks in town?
We have five fantastic parks located in the centre, east, north, and south. I suggest [Milton Country Park]. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
What is the address and phone number?
The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes what is the entrance fee?
The entrance is free to Milton Country Park!
Wonderful thank you so much for your help!
Can I help you with anything else today.
I think that is all for today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I also need the address and type of food they serve.
[chiquito restaurant bar] is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town, their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
What type of food?
It's Mexican.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
That will be all, thank you!
thank you and good dbye


I would like a taxi to [curry king] please.
Sure, first I'll need to know where you need picked up from.
I'm departing from [sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway].
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I just need to be sure to arrive by [07:15].
I have a black bmw with contact number 07975360345.
When will the taxi pick me up?
Would 6:45 be a convenient time for you to leave?
Will that get me to my destination on time?
Yes, the trip takes about fifteen minutes so you will arrive in time even if there is a little traffic.
Thank you goodbye
Goodbye, please call us if we can help you again!


I would like a cheap restaurant that serves [malaysian] food
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the city that serve Malaysian food. Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there a cheap [european] restraunt?
Yes. I found the [river bar steakhouse and grill]. It is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course
the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, and thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Our pleasure. Please call again. Goodbye.


Hi, can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse?
Certainly. [Alexander bed and breakfast] and Rosa's bed and breakfast are two of our best kept secrets, offering 4 star quality at inexpensive prices.
Alexander's B&B sounds perfect! Can I book a room there?
What day should I start your booking, and how many days do you plan on staying? Also, how many people would be staying?
Yes, please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting Monday. Thank you!
Unfortunately, I was not able to make a booking for that. We could try for another day or see if they have availability for a shorter stay.
How about 3 nights?
I was able to book you for three nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is Q8EDDUCC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day then!


I need a train leaving from kings lynn.
There are 133 trains leaving Kings Lynn, do you have a particular day you are traveling?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday, and I'd like to arrive in Cambridge no later than [15:30].
TR8143 departs at 14:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 14:58, does this suit your needs?
Yes it does. Can you verify the total travel time and price?
Sure - the travel time is 47 minutes, and the fee is 9.80GBP per ticket.
I also need a nightclub in the west.
There are no nightclubs in the west. Would you like to try another area?
Could you look up a college instead then?
[Churchill college] is located in the west part of town.
Could you get me the postcode and entrance fee for there?
They have free entrance. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thanks a lot, that's all.
I'm glad I could help.
Thank you goodbye.
Enjoy your travels! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I need a train leaving after [14:30] on Wednesday.
Where would you like to depart from?
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Kings Lynn from Cambridge.
There is a train leaving at [15:11] that will arrive at 15:58. Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, please make the booking for me.
I have booked you one ticket to leave at 15:11 from kings lynn and arriving at cambridge at 15:58. Reference number is DLDQIR5G .
Actually I need a booking for 2 people total not just me.
Your reference number is DOX6TU6M . You may pay 19.6 pounds at the station. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves [indian] food.
I would recommend The Nirala. It is moderately priced and located on 7 milton road chesterton
Can I have the postcode for that restaurant to please?
Sure thing it's cb41uy.
Thank you! So much. That's all I needed help with.
you are welcome always
That's all I needed today, have a good day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We hope you have a pleasant visit.


I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a train ticket. Can you help?
Certainly. What is your departure location and your arrival location?
I would like to depart from London Liverpool Street and arrive in Cambridge. I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by [16:45]?
There are 6 days that arrive before 16:45 on this day. Did you have any other preferences?
The train that arrives closest to 16:45 is best. I just need to know what time it leaves and arrives. Oh and of course it's ID.
Of course! That will be TR6578 leaving at 13:39 and arriving at 15:07. The price is 13.28 pounds and it's an 88 minute duration. May I help with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a place to go in the west part of town. With preference to college.
In the west part of town Clare College. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great that's all the information I need!
Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Have a great day.
It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any other questions you may have in the future.


i Am looking for a train. The train should leave on Saturday and should depart from Cambridge.
Where are you traveling to?
I am going to kings lynn
Do you need to arrive or depart by a specific time?
it should arrive by [09:45].
TR4689 is your best bet. It will arrive at 8:58. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What time does it depart?
It departs at 8:11.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're very welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for something to do in the Centre.
The centre is very popular. Is there a certain kind of attraction you are interested in?
I would like to try local restaurants.
great, any cuisine you're craving?
Actually the restaurant I have in mind is [shanghai family restaurant].
Great. Shanghai Family Restaurant is moderately priced and located in the centre area of the city. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at [15:00].
Booked it for you! Your reference number is: D6X7SUKP . They will reserve your table for 15 minutes.
Can you help me book a taxi to the restaurant?
What is your departure site, and what time would you like the taxi?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.
Great are you arriving from a hotel, an attraction or perhaps the police station or hospital?
I will be arriving from [cambridge train station].
Ok. I booked a taxi from the cambridge train station arriving at the restaurant in time for you 15:00 reservation. Is that correct?
I need the contact number and car type.
The car type is grey ford and the number is 07121585263. Would that be all?
Yes that's all I needed.
Okay, I hope you enjoy your stay!


Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend something for me?
Sure, I am fond of the acorn guest house personally. Did you have a price range that you'd like to stick to?
I'm not too concerned about price. Is the [Acorn Guest House] in the north section of Cambridge?
Yes it is. Are you wanting to make a booking.
yes, i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
Sure thing, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will need that.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AOJGD8XG . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.
I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports type attractions in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
How about a type of college? Could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?
Yes, [Christ's College] is on Saint Andrew's Street and the post code is cb23bu. It's free admission.
Thank you! I also need a taxi please.
Certainly. What is your intended destination and travel time?
I need to leave the attraction by [21:00] please.
Okay, you're all set. I booked a blue honda and the contact number is 07846176365
Thanks so much. You took care of everything I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help you with that. Are you wanting to come in by train?
I'm actually just looking for places to go in the centre.
Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
I believe I'd like something in the entertainment area. Is there anything like that?
There are no options in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Is there anything interesting going on near the college?
I don't have information on events only attractions. Are you interested in visiting a college?
Yes please. I need the phone number of a college that you recommend.
I recommend Clare Hall in the west. Their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else I can help with?
I also need train tickets.
what is your destination and what time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [17:15].
What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
Oh, silly me! I guess that information would help, wouldn't it? I need to depart from peterborough and arrive in cambridge, please.
Okay. The TR2526 would meet your criteria. Would you like to book tickets? If so, how many tickets would you like?
What is the total travel time for train TR4526?
the travel time is 50 minutes
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!
No problem. Have a great day.


I will be in Cambridge and need a place to go for entertainment in the centre of town. Can you help me find something?
I'm sorry there are no places for entertainment in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre of the city?
Yes I have 11 museums in the centre of town.
Thank you, could I get the address and entrance fee for the one you'd recommend?
The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is always interesting, and is free. It is located at university of cambridge, downing street. Anything else you need today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the cheap price range.
We have the [Cambridge Belfry]. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Is it in the same area as the museum?
The Cambridge Belfry is in the West part of town.
I need something is the center area of town.
I can recommend the broughton house gallery, they are located at 98 king street admission is free
No thanks. I meant that I need a hotel in the centre. Preferably 4 stars.
There is a hotel in the centre with 4-stars called [University Arms Hotel], but earlier, you said you wanted a cheap offering. This shows expensive.
That's OK, i'll take the address if you have it.
Sure, it is located at Back Lane, Cambourne, postcode cb236bw. Do you need anything else today?
Nope, thats all I needed for today. Thanks!
Thank you for choosing our service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!


Yes I am looking for colleges in town to go visit
In which area of town would you prefer?
I don't really have a preference. Can you suggest a college and give me the postcode for it?
Sure, Clare College on Trinity Lane, postcode cb21tl, is very nice. Can I help you find anything else today?
Yes, I need a train as well. It needs to leave Cambridge on Sunday.
Where should it be going?
I'm sorry, It needs to depart from leicester and go to cambridge.
Trains leave leicester on the :09 every hour, starting at 5:09 in the morning. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [15:30].
TR0104 would get you to Cambridge by 14:54, would you like me to book you passage?
Actually, that's ok. I will do that later. But can you please let me know what the travel time is?
The travel time is 105 minutes.
That's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting us, have an amazing day!


Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by [11:45]?
Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.
I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?
That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel
There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.
Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I would love if it were a 2 star place. And a hotel if I can.
There are 2 hotels located in north. May I suggest the [ashley hotel]?
Perfect, I need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from Monday. If that fails try Thursday and I will need the reference number please.
Your reservation for 5 at Ashley Hotel this Monday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ZCPI0YPM . Anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.
I hope you have a great stay. Goodbye.


Hi. I'm looking for a relatively expensive [international] restaurant to dine at this evening. Is there one that you would recommend?
I could not find any expensive international places to eat. Do you have any other preference?
Are there any expensive international food places in the west area?
Nothing in the west,another area?
How about one that serves [Indian] food instead?
There are 5 that match you criteria. [Tandoori] palace is a great place, shall I book a table for you?
Could I get address and postcode
sorry i am not able to find it
what do you mean? you're the one who recommended it.
Tandoori Palace, 68 Histon Road, Chesterton. Post code cb43le. Is there anything else?
Well. I also need the hotel called [Bridge Guest House].
sure, i have their info. what would you like to know?
I would like to know if you can book me a room for 5 nights starting Friday. I also need the reservation #
I have booked a room for you for five nights at the Bridge Guest House, beginning on Friday. Your reference number is R175R6S0 . May I assist you with anything else?
I need the Bridge Guest House for 3 people. I forgot to include that.
I switched the booking to 3 people, and the new reference number is FW6X5F78 .
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I am looking for a restaurant serving [Persian] food in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
How about any restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town. Which cuisine type would you prefer?
I think I'd like to try [Indian] food, are there any of those in the center of town?
There are 6 restaurants that fit your request. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
Any of them would be fine.
Alright, shall I make a reservation for the [Curry King]?
Yes please, for 3 people t [15:30] on Friday. Thank you.
Okay done. The reference number for your table is BVK9XZPJ and it is only reserved for 15 minutes.
That's awesome. Thanks that's all i need!
You're welcome. Bon appetit!


Hi, I am looking for a hospital that offers [medicine for the elderly]
Addensbrookes Hospital offers medicine for the elderly. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. I need the postcode, phone number and address.
department phone book (optional) acute medicine for the elderly 01223217261 medicine for the elderly 01223216988 medicine for the elderly 01223274744 medicine for the elderly 01223217484 medicine for the elderly 01223217498
Can I get the address and postcode, please?
Sure, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was everything, thanks.
You're welcome. Will you be needing a taxi? I can arrange one for you.
No thank you. That's all I need.
Great, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!


Are there any available rooms in the [Autumn House]?
Autumn house has a guesthouse. When are you looking to stay?
Maybe. What is the star rating and price range on that hotel?
it has four stars and its cheap
I am also looking for [Cambridge Contemporary Art].
Sure, I have found it for you. Is there anything you want to know about?
Can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?
no problem. Their phone number is 01223324222 and the entrance fee is free.
Awesome. Can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? I want to leave the hotel by [24:45].
You are all set. Your taxi would be a red lexus and you can contact them at 07614169632. Is there anything else I can help?
That's all i need. Thank you so much for the help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. I prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.
The gonville hotel may be a good option.
I'd like a place with 3 stars.
The Lensfield Hotel or Gonville Hotel both meet your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at either option?
What area is it in?
The gonville hotel is in the centre area and the lensfield hotel is in the south area. Would either of these hotels work for you?
i want the one in the south
In that case, you'd prefer The [Lensfield]. Do you need to book a room?
yes can you please. thank you
Which day would you be arriving at the hotel, and how long will you be staying?
Wednesday for 4 people, just one night.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : H9CE5KK3 . Can i help you with anything else?
I also need a train going to Leincester from Cambridge. I want to leave on Monday and arrive at [13:00].
How many tickets do you need?
4 people please.
Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 6F8IVDHH .


Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday and arrives by [18:30]
Sure, which stations will you be using?
from cambridge to stansted airport.
There are 13 trains that match your needs. The first train leaves at 05:40. Do you want a ticket on this train or one that leaves later?
No thank you that will be all
Glad I could be of help.
Actually I do need the train ID and travel time please.
Travel time will be 28 minutes for any train. The one closest to your arrival time is the TR5579, which departs cambridge at 17:40
Can you also get me the postcode for [Nandos] restaurant?
cb17dy is the postcode. Would you like to dine there ?
Thank you I will think about it.
Great. Is there anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I need to take a train to here. I want to arrive by monday at [17:15].
Okay, there are plenty of options. Where are you headed?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Norwich.
I can get you a ticket on the tr8495 it will get you there by 10:55, or is that too early?
No that sounds good,please book it for me
How many tickets will you be needing?
I'm sorry I changed my mind. I just need the price per ticket please.
The price is 17.60 pounds sterling. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves [European] food.
The [riverside brasserie] serves modern european food. Would you like to make a reservation today?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Monday at [14:00].
Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: XLZVMYRL .
Great. I can't wait. Thanks! Goodbye!
Have a great day and enjoy your time in cambridge.


I'm trying to find a restaurant called [The Slug and Lettuce]. Do you know where that is?
Yes it is in the centre area.
I'd like to book it for 3 people at [16:45] on Saturday.
Certainly. I have booked you for Saturday at 16:45 for 3 people The Slug and Lettuce. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Could I get a reference number please?
I am sorry. I went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number. I can look for another restaurant.


I am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.
There are 24 guesthouses. Do you have a specific area of town you would prefer? Or maybe a price range or number of stars you would like?
It should be on the north side of town and cheap.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer in the cheap range.
I have 2 that are cheaper. The Worth House is 4-star rated. City Centre North B&B has 0 star rating. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference?
Why don't we go with the [Worth House].
I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people and for which day?
Can you book a room for Friday for 5 people, 4 nights please?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is IJ1HUBDZ .
Great. Can you also book a taxi for me to commute between these places?
I'd be happy to book you a taxi, but to do that I will need a destination or starting point, in addition to Worth House.
What about an attraction in the same area as the hotel?
I have 4 different attractions in the north. I have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I will pick one that interests me. Could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at [09:30]?
Sure. [Milton Country Park] is a nice free attraction. I booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 9:30 from your hotel. It's a white audi, contact is 07080139469
Great! I can't think of anything else I need Thank you for your help.
No problem, happy to be assistance.
You were very helpful.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a nice day.


I am looking for a train leaving Sunday that's going to London liverpool street.
Where are you departing from and what day and time do you want to leave?
Need to arrive by [8:15],not sure when we depart ?
I have a train departing from cambridge on sunday at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Would that work for you?
Yes can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too please
Sure. The reference number is B15UKEYO . How else can I assist you?
I am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the north.
Do you have any preferences for the star or price range?
I would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a guesthouse.
There are seven guesthouses fitting your needs. May I recommend [archway house] which also has parking and wifi?
what star rating does the hotel have and what is the address?
Archway house is 4 stars and is at 52 gilbert road, do you want me to make a booking?
no, not at this time. thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Call us back if you decide you want to book that room. Goodbye.


I am looking on information regarding train tickets. Can you help?
Absolutely! Where will the departure and destination points be?
I will be departing from Cambridge and my destination is the Stansted airport.
There are many trains that fit your criteria. Could you please tell me what day and time you would like to depart?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday after [13:15]
These trains leave from Cambridge 40 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 13:40 and running to 23:40. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thank you. I will just need the train ID and travel time of the first one leaving after 13:15 going to the airport.
TR3769 departs at 13:40 with a total travel time of 28 minutes. Do you need further assistance with anything else?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the south with a star of 3.
Sure, we have the [lensfield hotel], it's a 3 star expensive hotel in the south with free parking. Would you like to book it?
I do not need to book the hotel yet. Can you please give me the phone number and hotel type? Also, do they have internet?
The phone number is 01223355017. It is a hotel type, and yes there is free internet. Anything else?
No, I seem to have all the information I need today.
Great. If you need tickets, don't hesitate to contact me again. Have a great day. Good bye.


Hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the north?
Sorry, I did not found a 4 star hotel in the north. Can I look in the south? There are several nice 4 stars hotel in the south.
Any of them a type of guesthouse?
For guesthouses, I do happen to have 8 listings. I have one cheaper, and the others are all moderately priced. Do you need any free wifi or parking?
No I don't need those things, could you give me the address of one that you recommend?
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House which is on 154 Chesterton Road. Do you need any other information?
Thanks for that information. That's all I need for now. Have a great day!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye!


Can you help me find a college to visit?
Does location matter?
Location is not important for me
I have 18 that match. Do you have any other preferences?
pick for me and I would need the area and postcode
[clare h[all]] is in the west and the postcode is cb3al. Can I help with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am really in the mood for good [indian] food. Could you help me find somewhere new to try?
We have a lot of indian places in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like a moderately priced one on the east side.
[Curry prince] is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Address 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
what their postcode?
Their post code is cb58jj. Is there in any other information your needed?
Yes, could I also have their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223566388. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no reservation please, I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Please tell about your departure and destination sites.
I need to leave clare hall by [24:45] going to curry prince. I also need the contact number and car type please.
A white volvo car will pick you up at clare hall at 24:45 and the contact number is 07113259690. May i further assist you today?
no thanks , that is all for today
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need to get to the nearest police station, can you assist me?
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Thank you, what's the post code?
The post code is CB11JG.
Thank you for your help
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thanks
Okay. Have a good day and thanks for using our system.


I am looking for somewhere to stay in the east.
There are 7 hotels in the east. Do you have a price range or other needs to narrow them down?
Yes, I would like it to be cheap and a type of guesthouse.
I have three hotels that meet your needs. Would you like more information on them?
Which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this Monday?
I was able to book you in the [Autumn House] with reference number 8BCYNW35 . May I help with anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
Let us know if we can help further. Good day.


I am in a car accident dispute, I need to get some help.
Is Parkside Police Station near your location?
Yes, I need the postcode, address, and phone number.
They are in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966. Is that everything you needed?
Yes, I'll contact them now. Thanks.
You're welcome. Is there anything else you need assistance with?
I think that is all, thank you so much.
you are welcome any time


I am looking for a restaurant called [Galleria].
I've found Galleria, it is located at 33 Bridge Street in town centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes! I'd like a reservation for this Sunday at [16:45] for three people.
I'm sorry, but that time and day is unavailable. Would you like to try another day and/or time?
Would it be possible to book the same restaurant at [15:45]?
I have made the reservation for 3 for Sunday at 15:45 at Galleria. Your reference number is DUY4H6WY . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would also like to take a train on Sunday arriving by [09:45]. Can you help me with that?
Where are you traveling to and from?
Departure is Peterborough and arrival is Cambridge.
There are 8 trains. The latest one that would get you there on time leaves at 8:48 and arrives 9:38. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Please give me travel time and the price, please.
The travel time is 50 minutes and it costs 13.20 pounds.
Thank you very much for all of your help.
Okay you are welcome! Thank you for calling.


I'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.
There are 10 trains leaving fro Liverpool Street on Thursday. Did you have a departure time in mind?
Yes, I don't want to leave for Cambridge until [15:00] at the earliest.
Okay, the TR8944 leaves at 15:39 and arrives by 17:07. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, for 6 people.
Okay I have booked you and your reference number is WLUOQKEV .
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the south.
What price range are you interested in?
No price range but I do want a 4 start.
[rosa's] bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range
That sounds great. I'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on Thursday.
I've gone ahead and booked that for you. Your Reference number is : EUZ34KY9 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that takes care of everything I need. Thanks!
Do you need a taxi?
I don't need a taxi, thanks for asking
then thanks for inquiring with us.
Goodbye, and thanks again.
Sure thing. Thanks for letting us help you today!


I'm looking for things to do, specifically a theatre in the north, what kinds of things are there to see like that?
There are no thatres in the north, perhaps another area or type of attraction.
What kind of parks are available in the north?
I have just one park. It is [Milton Country Park] located in the north. They offer free admission. They are located at Milton Country Park, Milton. Their phone number is 01223420060.
Great! Thanks for the information!
Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train departing Cambridge on Tuesday.
There are quite a few trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough. I need to be there by [8:30]
I have train TR0162 that departs at 07:06 and would get you there by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please book for 3 and provide reference number
Yes your reference number is CDE66IYU . and your reservation is set.
I'm sorry, could you actually amend that train reservation for 2 people instead? Also, I will need the postcode for Milton Country Park we talked about earlier.
Yes, the reservation has been amended for 2 people. Your new reference number is BMDA0BI1 . And the postcode for Milton Country Park is cb46az.
Thank you! That should be all I need today.
Great! Have a nice day.


I need a moderate priced restaurant please.
There are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a part of the city you would prefer?
I would like an [Italian] restaurant in the south.
I've found one restaurant. It is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes can you book for 6 people at [19:15] on Wednesday?
I cannot complete this booking. Would you like to find another restaurant?
That's disappointing. Is there anything else moderately priced in that area?
Yes, I also have the [Restaurant Alimentum] that serves modern european food. Would that work for you?
Sure, as long as it's in the south. Can you give me the reference number once booked?
I have reservations booked for 19:15 on Wednesday for 6 ppeople. The reference number is PJMAUG2E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will take care of it. Thank you very much for your help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal.


i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [british] food
Okay! I have found 6. What area of town would you like to dine in?
I am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.
There are 3 in the centre. I recommend [the c[ambridge chop house]], would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
That would be great. Please make it for Monday.
What time would you like the table for? And how many in your party?
8 people at [11:45]. I need the reference number please. Also, I need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXIBGEVS .
I'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well.
How many stars are you looking for?
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel
The [L[ensfield Hotel]] would meet your needs. It's located at 53-57 Lensfield Rd. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting Monday, provide reference number. Also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by [11:45]. I will need contact number and car type.
Your hotel booking was successful. Reference number is : 1Y395K30 . As for the taxi, be expecting a white Lexus. Their contact number is 07735778206 should you need it.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today. Goodbye
Okay you are welcome.


Hi, I need a place to stay in the north please.
Absolutely. There are two hotels and a number of guesthouses in that area. Do you have a preference?
I'd like a moderately priced place that offers free parking and WiFi.
I have many to choose from do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel with these amenities?
I'd prefer a hotel.
We have two places, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, would you like more info on either of those?
I'd be interested in the [Ashley Hotel]. I would like places to go around the area that are multiple sports attractions.
There are no matches for multiple sports in the north, I can look up something else. Also wanted to double check, do you still want info on ashley hotel?
How about you look for a type of boat.
There is the [riverboat] georgiana in that area. There is no entrance fee listed, but would you like the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number. That sounds great!
Their phone number is 01223902091.
Thank you. That's all.
Thanks for using our service today. Have a good day.


Hello. I'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves [Moroccan] food. Can you help me?
There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search for another food type or price range?
How about [vietnamese] food?
[Thanh binh] is in the cheap price range and serves Vietnamese food.
could i have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye.
My pleasure. Goodbye.


I want a train leaving after [09:00].
There are several at that time. Do you have a destination in mind or a day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from london kings cross going to cambridge after [09:30]
Yes I have many trains but I need the day you want to travel.
I would like the train to leave after 9:30 on Saturday, can I also have the price, arrival time, and train ID,please?
Train TR7195 leaves at 11:17 will this time work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is and the price please?
It will arrived by 12:08 and cost 23.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for information on the [cambridge arts theatre].
sue it is the center of town and the phone number is 01223503333 and the address is 6 saint edward's passage.
Thank you what about a restaurant?
Do you have a particular type in mind such as Chinese, Italian or Indian?
No, I won't need the restaurant. We'll be eating at a friends house. Can you get the postcode for Cambridge Arts Theatre? What type of attraction is it?
Cambridge arts theatre attraction type is a theatre
Thanks. May I have the postcode and phone number, please?
The phone number is 01223503333 and the post code is cb23pj. Can I help you with anythine else today?
no that is all
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.
Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.
I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after [9:15]. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.
There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52. How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.
Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called [Hobsons House]?
Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.
All set your reservation number is V3HJ3TKN .
Awesome, thanks a lot! Have a great day!
Thanks for using our service today!
Hey thanks for helping, it really means a lot to me.
any time. great day


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
Do you have an area or price range in mind? And do you want a hotel or a guesthouse?
Price doesn't really matter, but the centre of town might be better.
I have a cheap guesthouse and an expensive hotel in the center. I recommend the hotel - the [University Arms].
Can you provide the address please?
It is located on Regent Street. Anything else I can help you with today?
What was their price range again, please?
It is in the expensive price range.
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre
What type of attraction are you interested in?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?
great saint mary's church has wonderful architecture if you like that kind of stuff.
i also want to book a taxi
Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue honda and contact number is 07090663777. Anything else you need?
that's it for today. thank you for your help!
thanks again have thank you for all of your help today


Really would like to find a place that serves [Indian] food in the North
I have the nirala whch is moderate priced and the [royal spice] which is cheap. Do you want to make a booking at one?
How about the cheap one?
Certainly, and on what day would you like to reserve a table at royal spice?
no i would like the postcode and address
Their address and postcode is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, cb41eh. Will that be all?
i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge
Ok, where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving Stevenage. I'd like to arrive by [19:45], if possible?
Ok, what day would you like to leave?
Would be traveling on Sunday.
There are 7 trains, starting at [05:54], and departing every two hours. The ride is 49 minutes long. Which train would you like? All get you there by 19:45.
I would like the first train.
Train TR1542 is the first train. Would you like me to book it?
That would be great. Ill need 6 tickets
Booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0U82YPD7 .
Great, thank you! That's all that I need. Have a great day!
Have a nice day.


Can you help me find information about a hotel called [huntingdon marriott hotel]?
Yes, its a four star that is a little pricey. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, the area of the city and the address.
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the West and the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.
Thanks. I also need a train departing from cambridge on thursday.
My pleasure. What is your destination and do you have any time constraints?
I would like to go to Stevenage and leave after [11:00].
There is a train leaving at 11:21 would you like me to book this?
Please do. I need 8 tickets
I've made those reservations and your reference number is W29ZP27K .
thank you for all of your help
Can I be of further assistance today?
That was all that I needed today thanks
excellent, have a great day!


Hi, can you help me with my trip planning? I am looking for places to go in town.
Sure, what kind of places are you thinking about?
How about a museum?
May I recommend [Byard Art] in the south?
Yes, thanks. Can you give me the postcode and phone number?
Here you go, the postal code is cb21sj, and the phoen number is 01223464646. Can i help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay.
Can you give me an area and price range preference?
I would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.
I recommend the [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Shall I go ahead and book you a room?
No thank you. I would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.
Okay, they have free parking and internet. The address is: 5 Mowbray Rd.


What can you tell me about the [El Shaddai]?
El Shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in centre. It is cheap in price and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like more information?
I need to book 8 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is BM7GDJZQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a [steakhouse] that is cheap.
I was unable to find a steakhouse in that price range.Would you like me to try moderate range or did you have a certain area you'd like me to check?
Yes can you find me a restaurant that serves [Italian] food?
I see 5 cheap italian restaurants in town. Do you have an area preference?
I want the restaurant to be in the north
There is one cheap italian place in the north. It is [da vinci pizzeria]. Do you need any further help?
Yes, I want to book the restaurant please. For 8 people at [11:45]
Could you give me the day you are wanting the reservation for?
Friday the same day please
Okay, you are booked with reference number GE3PDYJ8 . Anything else for you today?
No that will be all. Thanks!
Okay, I hope you have a great time in town!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from [india house] and should arrive by [24:00].
What is the destination?
[Whale of a time] is where I want to get to.
Ok, I have booked you a taxi. It will be a grey honda, contact number is 07502484881. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge
I can help you with that. Do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
That does not matter but I would like it in the cheap price range.
There is a bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road by the name of Alexander, with free parking, internet and 4 star rated. All in a very cheap price.
That sounds perfect. That's all I needed for today, thanks.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge, have a great day!
I would like to find a pool as well.
There are 4 to choose from. Would you rather go to one located in the east, north, or centre?
Let's put the pool on hold. I forgot to ask you to book the [Alexander] for me. It is just me for two nights beginning Saturday.
I'd be happy to reserve your rooms for you. How many people will you be traveling with?
There is only me.
Your booking for [Alexander bed and breakfast] was successful. The reference number is F371FPBA . What else can I do for you?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at [21:00] and take me to the hotel. I'll need car and contact info too.
We didnt pick out a pool yet, any preference in area?
Yes, I'd like in to be in the centre of town
I am sorry I need to know where you are going?
I would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.
Parkside pool is in the centre of town. The address is gonville place and the phone number is 01223445100.


I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the moderate price range.
We have 21 options using those requirements. Do you have a preference for any particular cuisine?
I really like [British] cuisine that is in the center of town.
One of my favorites that fits your preferences is [The Oak Bistro]. There food is wonderful. Is this a restaurant that you may be interested in?
Yes. Are you able to make reservations for 4 people at [20:00] on Saturday?
I've made your booking. Your reference number is L6STCUZA . Is there anything else I can help with?
i also need a place to stay
Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
Great! Do you have a price range you'd like to stay in or a location that you prefer?
I'm looking for a place in the moderate price range and i need free parking.
the [acorn guesthouse] is nice, when will you planning your stay?
do they have free wifi? And I need their phone #
They do have free wifi and their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else you need to know?
What area are they located in?
They're in the north end of town. Would you like to book a reservation?
No I'll take care of that later. But can you arrange a taxi for me? Going from the hotel to [The Oak Bistro].
I'll need to know when you want to leave or arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant for my dinner reservation on Saturday.
I have you booked in a white audi to be at the Oak Bistro by 20:00. The cab contact number is 07934977306.
Ok, I think that's it. Thanks for your help.
You are most welcome. Have a great day.


I'd like information about a restaurant in South that serves [English] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the south that serve english food. Can I look for something else?
How about [chinese] food?
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the south part of town. What price range would you like?
cheap price range
[The Lucky Star] is the only Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any specific contact information for them?
Yes, I would like to know the address please
The lucky star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye!


Hi, I want to find the police station that's nearest to me.
The Cambridge police station is located at Parkside in the CB11JG postcode.
Great, thanks very much.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are welcome. Thanks for using TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.
4 guesthouses match your request and they're all moderately priced. Do you want to be in the north, south, or west side of town?
What are my options on the west side of town?
Just one, the [Hobsons House] is available.
Ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? I need 5 nights.
You booking for Hobsons House was successful, the confirmation number is BBSBEY5B . Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you
Thank you goodbye


Yes thank you. I'd like to stay in Cambridge. We're looking for a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
There are quite a few like that. If you're open to guesthouses , Limehouse in the north of town is nice. Or were there other features you were looking for?
Do you have one in the east with an expensive price range?
Yes, on, [Holiday inn Exlpress, Cambridge], shall I book it?
yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JBBPQWA1 . Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
I need information on a train as well. It should leave after [18:45].
Could you please clarify your departure location and arrival destination?
Coming to Cambridge from broxbourne on Friday.
I have train TR5056 that departs at 19:32 and arrives by 20:32. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would work for me.I will just need the price, train id and travel time.
TR5056 costs 17.90 pounds and the duration is 60 minutes.
Okay thank you that's all I needed.
It was a pleasure serving you. I do so hope that your stay in Cambridge is pleasant. Goodbye!


When visit I would like to visit [King's College], do you have the times and the address?
The address is King's Parade. I don't have the times. Do you need anything else?
I need the post code and the entrance fee.
The entrance fee is free and the post code is cb21st.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a place to dine at. Can you help with that too?
Yes, what type of restaurant are you looking at?
I am looking for some [south indian] food that is expensive.
Unfortunately there are no South Indian cuisine restaurants in your preferred area. Would you like me to check another part of town?
No, can you search for [Chinese] food instead?
What area of town would you like to eat in?
North and moderate price range
We have one Chinese restaurant in that area, Golden Wok. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I don't need one right now. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for all your help!
thank you and enjoy your stay!


I'd like to find a hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd. Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The telephone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else?
No, that's perfect. Thanks.
Great, thanks for contacting us today and I hope you enjoy the hospital!


Can you help me get a taxi to [the oak bistro]?
Sure! When do you need to leave by?
I don't care about that, I just need to arrive by [06:00] please.
What is your departure site?
[pizza hut city centre] and I need car type and contact number
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey skoda Contact number : 07695539890
Thank you, that's all.
I'm happy we could help! Please call us again if we can help you in the future.


Hello! I need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?
Sure, what area would you like to stay in?
In the East.
I have three places, will you need parking?
I don't need parking, but the I'd prefer to stay in a guesthouse.
How about the [Warkworth House]? They're a moderate guesthouse in the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6DRA6J6P .
Thanks! I also need a train to Stansted.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday after [8:30] to go to the Stansted airport.
How about the TR0797 train? It leaves Cambridge at 8:40 and arrives at Stansted at 09:08.
That sounds perfect, can you book my same group some tickets?
Train TR0797 is booked for 4. Your reference number is O925IZ27 and the total cost payable at the station is 40.4.
Thank you very much, that will be all for today.
Thank you and enjoy your travels. Have a great day!


I'm trying to find a local hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
thank you, is there is a phone number?
The phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not right now, thank you.
You are more than welcome!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Of course, are you looking for a hotel or attraction to visit?
Neither. I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge that's leaving Saturday after [08:30].
The TR8070 train leaves Leicester for Cambridge on Saturday at 09:09. This is the most appropriate choice for your needs. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I was needing the train ID but you already gave that to me. Thanks so much.
If there's nothing else I can do for you, have a great stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with four stars.
We have several 4 star guesthouses. What side of town are you looking to stay in? Any budget in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced place please.
We have 11 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars. What area do you want to stay in?
If you could recommend any one of them that would be great. I need the postcode, phone number and the area the hotel is in please.
Sure, I can do that. Did you want to narrow it to a specific area of town?
Area of town doesn't matter.
I have quite a few, when were you planning your stay?
The same time.
a and b guest house would meet this criteria. It is located in the east. The phone number is 01223315702. The post code is cb12dp. Will that be all?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks for your help!
Thanks for using our service!


I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [the hotpot].
Absolutely. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VWTX9T8T . Thank you!


I want a restaurant serving [mediterranean] food and I don't care about the price range.
I have found 3, la mimosa, the gardenia, and shiraz restaurant
None of those really interest me do you have anything else?
Shiraz Restaurant is an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food and is the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and phone number of [Shiraz] please?
shiraz restaurant is located at 84 Regent Street City Centre and its phone number is 01223 307581. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you
you're welcome


I am looking for a hotel by the name of [home from home].
Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.
I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday. The reference number is : SV1VVPV4 . Is there anything else you need?
That will do it. Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by [11:45].
Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?
Im traveling to Cambridge from london liverpool street arriving by 11:45 the day of my hotel booking.
Train #TR0357 leaves at 9:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, thank you. I don't need a ticket at this time.
Ok! Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all for now. Thank you.
Ok, thank you. Have a good day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to go to.
There are 57 expensive restaurants in the area. Do you have a food type preference or an area preference?
What's your favorite place on the south side of town?
[Frankie and bennys] is a good, expensive Italian restaurant in the south area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Please make the reservation for [17:45] on Monday. Just 1 person.
Okay, you're all set! Reference number is 3AP8E11K, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you so much.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.
I found a variety of choices. Let's narrow down the selection. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Definitely the south part of town, thanks.
Aylesbray lodge guest house is available, would you like to try them?
Are there any hotels with free parking, or just guesthouses?
There are three guest houses and a hotel. Do you have a preference for price range or number of stars?
Anything you recommend will work fine. Can I have the phone number of the one you pick?
I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. You can reach them at 0122355017. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.
On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by [8:00].
I have train TR8335 that will arrive in London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also need the travel time and the departure time please.
Train TR8335 departs Cambridge at 07:00. The duration of the trip is 51 minutes.
Thank you. You have satisfied all of my requests.
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross.
There are 70 trains departing, what is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday by [17:00].
Of course. When would you like to leave?
It does not matter as long as I am in Cambridge by 17:00.
Sure, train TR0269 arrives by 16:08. That is the last train to arrive by 17:00. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the train for 4 people.
That booking reference will be F6JIDI3M . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Okay. Glad we could help.


I need a close hospital with an [acute medicine for the elderly] unit.
Contact them at 01223217261
Thank you, will you please give me the postcode?
Certainly, their postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs.
Great! Have an awesome day.


Could you help me locate the [Alpha Milton Guest House]?
Yes, the Alpha-Milton is a guest house located in the North? Do you wish for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this Saturday.
I am sorry they don't have a room available. Perhaps you would like to try another hotel?
Yes, Can I get a different hotel in the same price range?
Booking for [a and b guest house]. Reference number: DLE4Z450 .
Thank you. That's all I need.
Okay glad I could help.


I need a train on Friday, arriving by [12:15].
I can assist you with that. Where are you travelling to and from?
I'm going from Cambridge to the Stansted Airport.
The TR5998 leaves cambridge at 10:40 and arrives stansted airport at 12:08. It's price is 10.10 pounds. There are earlier trains if you wish.
That one sounds fine. Can you book it for 3 people? I will need the reference number too.
I have booked your ticket, the reference number is : ECTZFFR5 . Is there anything else I can do for you.
Not at this time. Thank you so much for everything. Have a great day!
You are very welcome, goodbye.


Isn't the local hospital called Addenbrookes Hospital?
Yes it is, their phone number is 01223245151
Thanks for the phone number. But what is the hospital's street address?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you so much!
Can I be of any further assistance?
No that is all I needed, laters.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


Can I have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
I found several. Would you care for a specific type of food?
I do not care.
There are three options which match your request. How about [Meghna], which serves [Indian] food?
Yes it will do. Can i have the phone number please ?
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410
thank you , good bye.
You're welcome, good bye.


I want to book a [05:45] taxi to come to [Bishops Stortford Train Station].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [Bishops Stortford Station].
I'm sorry for the confusion, please clarify if you are arriving or departing at bishops stortford train station.
I'm departing from bishops stortford train station.
Thank you. Where is your destination, please?
I would like to go to [Cambridge train station] will you send me the car type and contact number?
I have booked a taxi for you at 05:45. The car type is a blue lexus and the contact number is: 07791528384 .
Sounds good. Thanks, goodbye.
Can I help you with anything else?


