I need a taxi going to [tandoori] place.
Where will you leave from?
I need to leave from [the lucky star].
Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I don't have a time in mind but need to arrive by [6:30].
I have a grey honda with contact number 07609926052 booked for you.
Okay thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help.
Have a good day. Thank you for using the TownInfo centre.
Please end this conversation as I am finished
Of course. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to drag it out. I hope that won't discourage you from contacting us again if you need help with anything.


Is there a [modern European] restaurant in the north?
I found [city stop restaurant]. They are located at Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
That sounds lovely!
Would you like me to help you with reserving a table?
Maybe. Is that restaurant in the moderate price range?
No, they are in the expensive price range. Is this okay, or would you like to try another area?
How about a restaurant that serves [Indian] food?
There are several restaurants what part of town would you like it?
A restaurant in the north, please.
I was able to locate The [Nirala] in the north area which is moderately priced. Would that work?
Sounds great! Can you make a reservation for 6 people [at noontime] on Sunday?
Reservation for sunday at 12:00 for 6 is made, her is your reference number: 2FWJ0KXT . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.


Hello, I would like to know about places to go in the south of town.
There are a range of attractions you can visit in the south. These attractions include nightclubs, cinemas, museums and entertainment places. Is there a specific type you would like?
What entertainment places are located there?
The following entertainment venues in the south are Nusha 01223902158 and Tenpin 08715501010. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What is the address of Nusha?
[Nusha] can be found at unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a 4 star place to stay with free WiFi. Do you have anything?
Yes there are many options to choose from. Would you like me to book a room for you at one of these locations?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the south, free wifi also, and 4 stars. Whatever matches I need a room for 4 nights on Tuesday for 8 people.
I can book you at the [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Does that sound good?
Sounds good! Go ahead and book it, please!
we are currently full on Tuesday would you like to book at another hotel?
can I just try maybe 3 nights?
Nice it works. So the reference for your booking is 56E9MW1N . Do you need further assistance?
Yes. Can you also call me a taxi to connect between the two places? I would like to leave the hotel at [14:00].
You are all set. Your cab will be a blue volkswagen with a contact number 07961227809. Is there anything else I can help?
No that's all i need. Thank you for your help!
You have a wonderful day!


Can you find a restaurant called [Rajmahal].
Sure. It's an Indian place in the east area of town. What would you like to know about it?
That's all I need to know. Can you reserve me a table for 3 Saturday at [18:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1XCDMW6O .
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in attending a theatre on the west side.
I'm afraid there aren't any theatres on the west side. most of our theatres are in the city centre. is there something else I can look up for you?
What entertainment choices are in the west?
sorry, i couldn't find anything in the west.
Ok are there any attractions in the west you recommend? I need a phone number for whatever you chose.
There are several museums in the area. Would that interest you?
Yes, I love museums.
What side of town would you like to be on?
In the west if there are any there?
How about the [K[ettle's Yard]], there phone # is 01223748100 and they are on Castle Street. Admission is free too. Does this work?
Yes I also need a taxi to arrive there by [18:00] from the theater.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red ford Contact number : 07059574947
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
I'll be here any time.


Hello, I am looking for a museum attraction in the south part of town.
[Byard Art] is a museum in the south. It is free and located at 14 King's Parace. Phone #01223464646.
Sorry, I think I garbled that- it's at 14 King's... what's the address again?
I am not sure what you asked the address is in the chat history. Thanks
Ok, thank you. Also, I need a place to stay in the moderate price range. Free parking is not necessary.
What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.
There is carolina bed and breakfast that is 4 stars and moderately priced. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. That's all the help I need today.
Thank you for using our service today!
Actually, could you find a hotel for me? I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
[carolina bed and breakfast] is a great pic. It is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the moderate price range with both free internet and parking
That sounds lovely. Could you book it for me please? The 4 of us are coming in on Sunday for 4 nights.
I will book that for you now.
Thank you, please do!
Done! Your reference number is LFN02VLJ . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I will need a taxi between the hotel and venue and I need to leave the hotel by [22:45].
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Leaving the hotel by 22:45.
The car picking you up will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07911492515. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be it. Thank you.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
sure, what can i help you find?
I would like a train that leaves after [13:00] and goes to Cambridge from Stansted Airport. I'd like it to be on Tuesday.
TR6312 departs at 13:24 and arrives by 13:52. Would you like a ticket?
yes, make a booking for 1person Make sure you get the reference number
I will take care of that booking for you now.
Wait, I made a mistake. I am going from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. Leaving Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday. I still need just 1 seat.
There are 5 results matching that request. What time would you like to arrive?
Arrival doesnt matter, but it should leave after 13:00. Whatever you recommend. Please book 1 seat. I'll need a reference number as well.
I have booked you on train ID TR8714 leaving at 13:40. 10.10 GBP will be payable at the station and your reference number is I6L9J4IP . Can I do anything else?
Yes please. I also need a place to stay in the west with free wifi.
Is there a price range you'd like?
I don't care about the price.
I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Which do you prefer?
I'd like anything with 4 stars. It should have free wifi and parking, in the west
May I recommend the [cambridge belfry] located on back lane, cambourne. Would you like me to book you a room?
Just my self for two nights starting on sunday.
Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I will need a reference number, if possible.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 9AH9X57T .
Can you provide me with the telephone number to Cambridge Belfry Hotel in case i need to get further assistance on directions.
you can call them on 01954714600.
perfect. that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.
I am glad to help. Enjoy your stay !


I'm looking for a luxurious dining experience in the centre of Cambridge.
Do you have any cuisine preferences?
I would really like [asian oriental] food tonight.
Sure. Would you like to reserve a table at Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, or Sesame Restaurant and Bar?
any of them. book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on wednesday
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I will need the reference number please.
Yes I have it for you, its 0123357187


I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel with free wifi.
Which section of the town could you like the hotel to be in?
In the east please.
I have 3 listings that fit that criteria. Would you need parking as well?
Parking isn't necessary, but I would like a 4-star hotel if possible.
I have 4-star guesthouses in the east. [Warkworth House] is a great place to stay.
Can you give me the postcode for that hotel?
Yes, the Warkworth house's postcode is cb11ee.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for information on [cambridge book and print gallery]. What area is it in?
The cambridge book and print gallery is in the west side of town. What else can I help you with?
Nothing else today, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


i want to find a hospital in town
You'll find the hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
Can I please have a phone number as well?
The hospital's phone number is 01223245151. Do you need the phone number for a specific department, also?
No, I just need the postcode please.
It's CB20QQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the hospital's name, please?
It is Addensbrookes Hospital. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service!


Can you find a place in town that serves [Polynesian] food?
Sorry, I couldn't find any of that food type.
Well, how about some other kind of food, in the cheap price range. I think I'd like to stick to the north.
There is [da vinci pizzeria], an Italian food place, and also royal spice, an Indian food place.
How about the Italian place, can you make a reservation?
I can definitely make a reservation. What day are you looking to book it?
Saturday at [13:00] please. I need a table for 8.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 93YHU8BN . anything else?
Nope, that is everything. Thanks!
I am glad I can help you. Have a wonderful day and thank you for using our services!


i need information about [wandlebury country park]
Wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. It is free to enter and the phone number is 01223243830. Can I help with anything else?
What type of attraction is this?
This is a park. Can I help you with anything else?
Just want to check if that address was legitimate, than I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
I have many the would suit you. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'd like a hotel with a star of 0. Actually, instead of a hotel, can we look for a guesthouse?
There's one located in the north and one in centre. Do you have a preference?
No but you can book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday
Reference number is : KCN9OPOM . Is there anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
Okay. Just to confirm for you, the booking was at City Centre North B&B. Have a safe trip.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Well, I am here to help, but I need to know what you want me to look for.
Pardon my mistake, my migranes make my head a little foggy at times, can you help me find an expensive [chinese] place to eat at?
I found 9 great choices. Is there a specific area of town you want to be in?
It doesn't matter. I trust your judgment. I need a reservation for friday.
Okay, how about [ugly duckling]?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 5 at [13:15]?
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 3FF42HU1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
The train should leave after [13:15] and should leave on saturday. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to leicester. book for same number of people
There is a 13:21 that would get you there by 15:06. How does that sound?
Great. Can you book for five people and give me the reference number for that?
I have that booked for you with a reference number of 1XMFVN8T . Is there anything else I can do for you to make your trip as easy as possible?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Ok. Take care have a nice day.


Can you tell me about a nice guest house in your city? I don't care how much it costs.
There is the Acorn Guesthouse that is located in the north side of town. Would you like me to make a booking?
Are they expensive? I would like something nice. And do they have free parking?
They're a moderate guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Please check for something expensive first. If you don't see one, then we can come back to that.
It looks like all of the places in the expensive price range are hotels rather than guesthouses. Would you like to consider a different price range?
Yeah, that's fine. Oh, and I need free parking!
So to clarify, you need a guesthouse with free parking, and a moderate price range is acceptable? If so, I have 12 different options for you.
Yes, that's right. Which of the 12 options would you recommend?
How about [Archway House]? It's at 52 Gilbert Road cb43pe, and the phone number is 01223575314. Would that work for you?
That's great. Please make a reservation for 1 on Monday. I'd like to stay 3 nights.
Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or a shorter stay.
Yes, would you try 2 nights instead, please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JAKCI7JO . Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks. Bye!
I hope you have a great rest of the day.


I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.
What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by [11:30].
Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?
The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.
We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks
I would recommend the [lensfield hotel]. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?
How many people should I book this for? What day? How many days will you be staying?


Hi there. I have a business trip in Cambridge coming up and I have no idea what the train schedule might be. Would you be able to help with that?
Yes I can. First I need more information on the day and the time please
I will be traveling on Monday and leaving from Bishops Stortford.
Okay, I have 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure or arrival time?
it should leave after [09:15]
I also need to know where you are travelling to.
I'll be going to cambridge.
TR0757 leaves at 09:29. Would that be of interest? There area also trains every two hours on the :29 until 23:29
I am looking for a nightlclub located in the centre of town, might you suggest one?
I recommend Soul Tree Nightclub. It is located on 1-6 Corn Exchange Street and has a 4 pound entrance fee.
What's the phone number?
The phone number for soul tree is 01223477900
What is the postcode to the [Soul Tree Nightclub]? This sounds like a fun place!
cb23qf. What else would you like to know about the nightclub?
What is its entrance fee, phone number and postcode?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds, phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thanks! That's all the help I need for today. Have a good night. Goodbye.
Feel free to call back again for any further questions. Have a great day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Would you be interested in The [Cambridge Chop House]? It is a british cuisine restaurant located in the centre of town.
thank you, I hope its in the expensive price range. and if you could give me the phone number that would be great
Yes, it's expensive. Phone number is 01223359506.
I need to book a table for 1 person at [16:45] on friday.
That booking is unsuccessful. Does another time/day work?
Yes. How about [15:45] on Friday instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 10P0LEVH .. Anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Ideally a hotel with free wifi and parking that is also expensive.
If you're looking to stay in the town centre area, there is the [gonville hotel]. It has free parking and internet and is rated 3 stars. Would you like to book?
Great can you book it for one person, for 4 nights starting friday?
Your booking was successful starting Friday for four nights. Your reference number is DRW9QM8S . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the two. I'd like to arrive prior to the [15:45] time.
Your booking is complete, a grey bmw will be picking you up, the contact number is 07034136573. Can I assist you with anything further today?
No, thanks for your help.
You are welcome, goodbye!


I am looking for something to do. Are there any attractions related to archaeology?
I don't have archaeology however I have museums and architecture. Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, I think I've heard of a [museum of classical archaeology]. Do you have their phone number?
There is a Museum of Classical Archaeology. Their phone number is 01223335153. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.
There are over 200 trains leaving on Wednesday. What is your destination? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I am going to stevenage and I want to leave after [11:30].
There is a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 16:10. Would that work for you?
Yes that's all the info that I have, thank you.
Great, I have booked the ticket, your reference number is U3R44BJS . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll be everything. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a wonderful day.


Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay at?
We have nine cheap guest houses. All offer free internet and free parking. Some have 0 star ratings and others have 4 stars. What sounds good to you?
Great, I want one with 4 Stars.
There are several that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Autumn House in the East of the city.
Sure. Please book a reservation for two people, Saturday, two nights.
Autumn House is full. Can I try to reserve one of the other ones for you?
Yes, try another place as long as it is still in the cheap price range.
How about [allenbell]? Your reference number is 2SUPQQPL .
That will work,thank you for booking it,goodbye.
Thank you and goodbye.


Is there a train that leaves after [08:15] on wednesday?
What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.
TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by 10:54. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.
Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.
It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?
sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north
[Ashley Hotel] is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.
Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA .
Great, thanks! I don't need anything else. Take care. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye


I'm looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range and in the north side of town.
We have an Italian and an Indian restaurant that are both inexpensive in the north part of town. Would you like the addresses of those?
I am really looking for [italian] food.
Well here is [Da Vinci Pizzeria] in the north. It's cheap. 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Yes, that would be fine. Can you book a table for 4 at [16:00] on Wednesday?
Absolutely. You're booked for 16:00 and the reference number is I3WAD456 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great! Yes, I'll also need to find a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I would recommend the ashley hotel.
Actually, I apologize for not being more specific, I want to stay in a guesthouse
Is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes I am looking for hotel that is cheap have free wifi and free parking.
There are 9 cheaply priced guesthouses with free parking and Wifi. Is there are certain area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, as long as it has free wifi and parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap price range and has both free parking and wifi, would you like a reservation?
No, just the address, area please.
alexander bed and breakfast address is 56 saint barnabas road in centre.
Great, thanks for the help!
Glad I could help. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
What area is that in
It is located in the city centre, anything else?
That is all. Thanks for the help! Bye!
I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


AM looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve [gastropod] food.
I'm sorry, there aren't any gastropubs in the south part of town. If you're open to other areas there are three in the centre and one in the east?
How about a cheap [chinese] one in the south?
I have one place that would be good for you, would you like me to start booking ?
Yes that would be great, thanks! It'll be 7 people dining on friday at [11:30]. And can I have a reference number for it?
You are booked at [The Lucky Star]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : EXU13ZFQ . Can I help further?
No, thank you so much!
Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time!


looking for the nearest police station.
Telephone : 01223358966 Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG there are the requirements
Thanks, that's all I need today.
Great! Hope you have a good day!


Can you tell me about any expensive restaurants in the Centre?
We have 33 expensive restaurants in the centre, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Yes, I would prefer [chinese] please.
I have the [tang chinese] restaurant located at napier street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes. Make a reservation for 8 people on Monday at [11:30].
Okay I found you a Chinese restaurant and wish to make you a booking.
Please book the restaurant as requested. I would also like the reference number.
Reference number is : JCH9E5BI . do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks so much.
You're welcome! You have a great day.


Looking for atrain leaving on Tuesday to Cambridge.
I found 202 trains matching your request. Where is your destination?
That's a lot. I am going to Peterborough.
Are you wanting to arrive in Peterborough by a certain time?
The train should leave after [15:30] and should go to peterborough.
There are several trains that fit your requirements. Is there a specific time you'd like to arrive?
No, I can arrive at anytime.
Train ID TR9561 Price 16.50 pounds Reference number is : YYF3B1A5 .
Ok great, thanks for the help.
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all. Good bye.
Thank you so much for calling. Goodbye now!


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?
We have nine of them that fall in the price range, do you have any more specific preferences?
I was hoping for [Indian] food.
I have 5 places that match your wants. Would you like to try the [i[ndia] house]?
Sure. Do they have table for 1 on Sunday at [15:45]?
Confirmed table for 1 for 15 minutes on the said date. Do you need me to keep the reservation and is there any other thing i can do for you?
I'd like to have the reference number please
Yes of course. It is CHBHZPDM .
Yes I am seeking information on a particular hotel, [Hobson's House].
its a guesthouse located in the west and has free internet and parking, would you like a room?
I'm not sure. What is the price range?
It's in the moderate price range.
Can I get a taxi that would take me from [Hobson's House] to the restaurant?
I'd love to help. When would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [15:45].
I was able to book a black bmw phone number is 07591473862
Great! Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all that I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant in city centre.
How does Charlie Chan's sound?
Is that in the expensive price range?
No, Charlin Chan is a cheap place. The Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant though, is that what you would like?
Could I have their phone number and address?
I'm sorry, the Ugly Duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Do you have any other options for expensive Chinese, and can you make sure that have a number and address listed as well.
Sure, the Tang Chinese is also an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223357187. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'd like their address please.
They are located at Napier Street City Centre
Okay, thanks. That's all I need.
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.


I am looking for the addresses of each of the moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town.
The address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the address for Restaurant Alimentum is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Is there anything else?
There is restaurant alimentum which is a modern european restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Could you give me the address for Restaurant [Alimentum]?
Restaurant Alimentum's address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. May I help you with anything else?
No thank you good bye
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town
Do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for?
[vietnamese] food
[Thanh Binh] is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
Phone number and postcode please
Thanh Binh's phone number is 01223 362456, their postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.F
Thank you, good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
What kind of food would like?
Any
Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
Are there any other options?
[royal spice] serves indian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great. May I have their address please?
royal spice's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank you very much , bye bye
enjoy!


Can you help me find a guesthouse with free parking?
Definitely! Do you have a price range and/or area in mind?
I would like the guesthouse to be in the cheap range.
We have a couple of choices for 4 star ones in the center and the east. Shall i just pick one for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 5 people.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is a 4 star facility with internet and free parking. Their number is 01223525725. What day would you like to arrive?
Great can you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting monday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ANH718Q1 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to broxbourne.
What day would you like to travel and when do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and the train should leave after [09:00].
I have one train leaving at 9:01 that day. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book for 5 people.
I have booked Train TR3279 departing at 9:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0G1S9EH9 .
Thank you for all of your help!
Will you need anything else right now?
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help.
Thanks for booking with us. Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!
Thank you very much!


I'm looking for a cheap reastaurant in the centre.
Any particular cuisine you'd prefer?
Actually, I love trying new things. Im open to new things. What is available?
Okay, how about The Gardenia that serves mediterranean food?
Can you give me more information on [the Gardenia]? Don't forget the phone number, please.
They are a cheap mediterranean place in the centre of town. They are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their phone number is 01223356354.
Thanks. Can you help me find a guesthouse in the same area?
We have 2 cheap guesthouses in the center of town. I recommend the Alexander B&B.
Is there a 0-star place that's also expensive? I'm sort of a glutton for punishment.
There are no zero star expensive ones. The low quality ones tend to be on the cheaper end. Would you like me to look?
okay. cheap is good
I have a cheap guest house in the center, 0 stars. [El Shaddai]. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for 3 nights, 8 people, starting on Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8I2TLR4V . Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
If you need any thing else, let us know.
naw, i'm good thanks
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the west.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for museums in the center of town, not a restaurant. Can you tell me about your favorite one?
I have the [broughton house gallery] located at 98 king street with free entrance fee.
what's the address?
The address is 98 king street. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train going from Cambridge to Stevenage on Tuesday.
Ok we have 10 trains that day, did you have a time in mind?
I need to leave after [17:45]
I can put you on the tr6692, it leaves at 19:21, how many tickets?
Thank you for all the information. That will be all for now.
Okay great! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Please call again if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.


Hello, are there any moderate [turkish] restaurants in town?
I have found [Anatolia], a Turkish restaurant that is moderately priced.
Is it located in the centre?
Yes it is. Shall I book it?
Yes, I need it to be booked for 5 at [17:30] on Friday. I'll also be needing the reference number for that please.
Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is VICZDB72 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
I have 3 hotels in the center that have 4 stars and wifi. They also all have free parking and vary only in price. 2 expensive and 1 cheap.
What is the name of the cheap hotel?
The cheap hotel is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please book that for me.I also need postcode, phone number, and area
What is the size of your party and how long will you be staying?
It would be for 5 people for three nights.
Phone: 01954714600 Postal code: cb236bw Area: back lane, cambourne. Room has been booked for Friday, 6 people for 3 days.
Excellent, thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No, thank you for your help! Goodbye!
You're welcome. I'm glad I was able to help. Goodbye.


is there a [portuguese] food restaurant?
Yes
Is there anything else?
There are two portuguese restaurants in town. Would you prefer one in the centre of town or in the south part?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
Their address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Their phone is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using out system. Good bye.


Yes, I am looking for places to go in the southern part of town.
Would you be interested in a museum? The [Byard Art] Museum is located at 14 King's Way in the south.
That sounds good. Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?
Sure thing! It has free admission and their phone number is 01223464646. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I also need a really expensive place to stay.
In what area would you like to stay?
Area does not matter. I do need free wifi.
May I recommend [University Arms Hotel], in the centre city? It has four stars, free wifi & parking, and is quite luxurious. Would you like to make a booking there?
Is it a guesthouse? I would prefer a guesthouse.
There are no guesthouses matching your requirements.
OK, then what about the moderate price range?
Yes, there are 14. Which area were you looking for?
I am looking for a place in the south side of town.
I have 2 options in the south. Both offer free wifi and parking. The [Bridge Guest House] is 3-star rated. The other is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House which has 4-star rated.
Sounds good. Can I book a room for one person for two nights starting tuesday?
Booking was successful, the reference number is AQIMZ6OO . Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me a car to pick me up from the museum and take me to the guest house?
Sure! What time would you like to leave the museum?
I want to leave the museum by [7:30].
OK, a grey honda should be picking you up at the museum, the contact number is 07694082426. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today. Thanks for your help.
It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
You have helped me tremendously. Thank you! Goodbye!
Thank you so much. Have a great trip!


Great. You can help me pick out a restaurant go to.
Yes, there are many great restaurants to chose from, what kind of food would you like? Do you have a price range?
I would like to eat [Italian] food. I'm looking for something in the moderate price range please.
There are five moderate priced Italian restaurants is there any area you prefer to eat in?
No, any area would work, is there one that is available at [13:15] on thursday? I need a reservation for two people.
I've reserved you a table for 2 at one of my faves: [Prezzo]. Reference number OOAMXI99 . Can I help with something else?
I also want to find a multiple sports place in the east area.
The [Cherry Hinton Village Centre] is the spot you're looking for. They're on Colville Road. Can I help you with any other info?
Yes, I would like the phone number adderss and entrance fee.
I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223576412 and it is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Are you certain the entrance fee isn't listed?
Yes I am certain, I am sorry. Is there anything else you needed to know?
If you're certain then I guess not. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


You can help me by finding me an expensive restaurant in the centre
I have lots of options for you. Do you have a preferred food type?
Yes, I would like [indian] food please.
I'd recommend golden curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could i get their postcode?
Their postcode is cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! I also would like information about a train, please, leaving Cambridge after [21:00].
Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am going to Leicester.
There is a 21:21 that will arrive by 23:06. How does that sound?
Perfect. Can you get me 4 seats on that one?
Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3918 train is confirmed. Your Reference number is : VRW2PWD6 .
Thank you for your help!
Anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you. Have a great day.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I would like to get information about some tourist attractions in Cambridge, especially those located in town.
We have many wonderful attractions in the area. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you are looking for perhaps?
I am looking for a nightclub in the centre and a phone number.
We have 5 nightclubs in the Centre. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes, a suggestion would be very helpful along with the phone number so I can call them.
I would recommend the Ballare Club. Its phone number is 01223364222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area. I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Scandinavian] food.
There are no Scandinavian restaurants in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to try a different type of food or price range?
What about [Indian] food?
I have 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would the [Panahar] work for you? It's at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Please book it for 3 people on Thursday at [16:30]
I was able to book a table at Panahar for 3 people on Thursday at 16:30. The reference number is 5SIQAVA
Thank you for your help! I appreciate it! Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


Could you help me find some entertainment in the center of town?
There are no entertainment centers in the centre of town. Would you like to try another area?
Yes, another area is fine.
What about the funky fun house?
Can you check for a type of architecture in the centre area please?
I have 4 architecture attractions. They include all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and old schools.
Can you tell me the entrance fee of All saints church?
It is free. Would you like the address and phone number for it?
No, that's fine, but I need a train from london liverpool street arriving by [9:00].
TR6939 arrives in cambridge by 07:07. Will that work for you or do you have another destination in mind.


I need help finding a place to stay in the east.
I show 6 guesthouse and one hotel. Would you like more information?
I want somewhere with 3 stars and free wifi.
I'm sorry there's nothing that matches. Would you like me to try a different area?
Yes, please try a hotel in the centre
The [Gonville Hotel] is an expensive 3 star hotel in the Centre area, I would be happy to book you a reservation if you would like?
Yes, that'd be great. I need it booked for 5 people and for 2 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : K15XS51B . is there and other query?
Thanks for taking care of the hotel. I have another request. This time for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
Alright what kind of food would you like today?
Are there any places serving [modern european] food?
Sorry, no results here. Want to try a different food type or area?
Are you sure there are no modern european restaurants in the centre?
There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
I do not, what price ranges are the restaurants in?
I have all prices ranges.
Can you pick one and just let me know the price range, I'm comfortable with all.
I have four options for european food. There is our moderate priced restaurants de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. We have an expensive option with darrys cookhouse and wine shop. We also have the river bar steakhouse and grill. I would recommend the riverside brasserie restaurant that is also located in centre. Should I book a reservation for you?
I actually don't need anything else today. Thank you! Bye!
Okay, have a good day! Bye!


Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge
Sure, is there an area that you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the north.
Do you care about internet or parking?
Yes, I will need both.
We have 7 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have no other preferences.
Okay, I would like to recommend the [Acorn Guest House].
Great. Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday, and provide the reference number. Also, we would like to find an attraction near the hotel.
I have booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is TVFEX8R1 . How can I further assist you?
What attractions are nearby?
Okay. There are boats, a park, and pools. Would like more information on any of this?
Anything that you recommend, I'm new to the town.
I would recommend [riverboat georgina]. Would you like the address or phone number for that?
Yes can you please get that for me?
Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Their phone number is 01223902091.
I'm going to need a ride between the two, can I get a taxi?
What time would you like to travel?
I need to leave the hotel by [16:15]. Thanks
A Red Lexus will pick you up at 16:15 at the hotel. Contact number is 07277932086. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!
you're welcome. thank you for using our system. have a good day.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant. Which would you prefer?
The [Italian] place and the address, please.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant on the East side of town. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Do you have any details for [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool]?
Yes, which details would you like to have?
I'd like the attraction type, phone number, and entrance fee, please.
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a swimmingpool on the north end of the city. We don't have any information regarding their entrance fee, but their phone number if 01223302579.
Alright, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hello, I need a place to eat in the center of town.
What cuisine do you want?
I would like [Indian] cuisine please.
We have nine Indian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
I would like a cheaper place please.
May I suggest [The Gandhi]? It is in the center of town, its on the cheaper, most affordable price range, and it serves great food.
Yes. 7 people on Friday. [18:30].
Ok, you are all set for Friday at 18:30. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VC2RCPYE .
thanks, I'll also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn.
What day and time do you need to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday. I'll be leaving after [9:15].
The TR1854 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11. Would you like me to book you?
That would be great, thank you!
thank you that will be all


I was just robbed. Please give me emergency contact information
You can reach Parkside Police Station at 01223358966.
I'm not comfortable standing around on the street. Can you give me the address and postcode?
Sure, Parkside, Cambridge, post code is CB11JG. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Please find me a train out of bishops stortford on Tuesday
No problem! When are you looking to depart?
I need to leave on Tuesday after [17:45].
The earliest train after that time is TR9286. It departs at 19:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:07. Would that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
How many tickets would you like?
I would like to book it for 8 people, and if I can have the reference number. I wil also be looking for a museum in the centre.
Okay I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 3UMAE1F5 .
That's perfect, I want to visit some museums in the town center with the family. Can you suggest some?
how about [broughton house gallery]? it looks lovely.
That sounds great can I get the phone number and postcode?
Their postcode is cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Will that be all?
Yes. that is all for now. good bye!
Have a great trip!


Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in during my visit. I don't want to stay anywhere cheap, more like the moderate price range please.
Do you have a preference for a location?
No, but I would like it to have a 4 star rating.
i recommend [avalon]. it is a wonderful place located in 62 gilbert road, cb43pb. you want the phone number?
Do they have free parking?
No, they don't have free parking but they have free wifi. Can I book that room for you?
Not at the moment but thank you. Could you recommend a good restaurant on the west side of town, preferably in the moderate price range.
Prezzo is a great Italian restaurant in the west in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am looking for [Indian] food.
In that case, I recommend [Meghna]. It serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is in the west part of town.
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 1 on Saturday at [15:30]?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for fifteen minutes and your reference number is 4MLSPE1H .
Great! That is all I needed.
Great, I hope you enjoy your stay!


I would like to find a [French] restaurant, please.
You can try cote in the centre. Need a reservation?
If it's moderately priced, yes please.
I do not have a moderate priced French place. Do you have another kind in mind?
Hmm. How about [Indian] instead?
There are four moderately priced Indian restaurants. Two are in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation for either [Curry Prince] or Rajmahal?
Yes, please book me for 2 people at [14:30] on Monday.
Okay I've booked you at Curry Place. Your reference number is Reference number is : EP4ZPSL2 . Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay while I am in town.
How many stars do you want.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
I have 3 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like one located in the north or the east?
Yes, The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
Well then, I would recommend the [Ashley hotel]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is PWWHLH5V .
thank you. you took care of all my needs. thanks. bye.
Great, I'm glad I could assist. Enjoy your trip, have a good day!


I am looking for a hotel called The [Cambridge Belfry]. Can you help me with this?
Certainly. The Cambridge Belfry is located on the westside, address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw. The phone number is 01954714600. do you need more information?
Can I get the price range for the restaurant?
Did you mean the hotel? The price range for The Cambridge Belfry hotel is cheap.
Yes, thank you. I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the town centre.
I have one swimming pool in the centre area of town. It is called Parkside Pools. Is there any additional information I can get you for them?
I need to know the fee for [Parkside Pools] please.
I am sorry, but the info for the entrance fee in not available. Could I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please help me book a taxi to leave the hotel by [03:15]?
Alright, a black honda will pick you up from the hotel at 3:15. Your contact number is 07832092727.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Have a good day!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I would like a restaurant in the west part of town
There are several restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like something in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
I don't care.
What type of food would you like?
[canapes] food
I am sorry there are no restaurants with canapes. Is there some other type of food you would like?
How about [thai] food instead?
Of course, how about [sala thong]? It is a thai restraunt in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
Sala Thong is quite expensive. The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and phone number is 01223 323178. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye. Thank you for using the restaurant service.


Hi! I'd like to find a [seafood] restaurant in the centre of town, please.
Excellent. The [loch fyne] is just your thing.
Is it an expensive restaurant? I'm really looking to break the bank here.
Yes, it is expensive. Do you need help with booking?
Perfect, yes please book a table for 3 people at [17:15] on Monday. Can I also have a reference number?
Wonderful I was able to get you in a Monday and your reservation number is E10Z97F4 . Will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
Great. Enjoy your stay.


Hi! Can you help me find an attraction to visit in the centre of town?
I have quite a few options. Did you have an idea what type of attraction you were looking to visit?
Surprise me. I just need the attraction type, address, and postcode.
Castle Galleries is one of my favorite museums. It is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, post code cb23bj. Does that sound good?
That's great. Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. You've been a great help. Have a nice day. Bye.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.


I've been robbed and need the police.
Okay, the police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks, can I also have the phone number and postcode?
Yes, the postcode is CB11JG and the phone number is 01223358966
Great, thank you for your help. I don't need anything further.
I'm sorry this happened to you, I really hope that the police are able to help. If there is anything else I can do for you don't hesitate to ask.


I am looking for an attraction called [Cambridge Artworks].
Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east area of town. It is located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef. Their phone is 01223902168, and entrance is free.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome and thank you! Have a great day.
Could you help me find a train going to Cambridge on Tuesday?
That's no problem. We have 202 results for that, though. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from kings lynn. But I must be in cambridge no later than 9:30.
We have the TR8782 arriving in cambridge at 08:58. Does that work?
That is good, how much does it cost?
Each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Actually, can you provide me with the travel time for that train?
The travel time is 51 minutes for that
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Yes, I am visiting cambridge, and would like to know what theatres are available in town
There are 5 theatres. Will you be in the centre or south part of Cambridge?
Oh I'm not picky, can you pick one for me?
I'm going to recommend The Junction for you. It's located on Clifton Way. Would you like the phone number to see what is playing and when?
No thank you. However, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from London Kings Cross and travel to Cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
Wednesday and I need to leave after [13:30] please.
TR0397 will leave at 15:17 and arrive at 16:08. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes, that would be fine. I need to make the booking for 8 people, please.
I've booked that for you. The reference number is 1LHOCOGA . Anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you, good bye.
Please contact us anytime. Goodbye.


I need info on the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum] please.
The museum is located in the west side of town at 2-3 Castle Street. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds. Their phone number is 01223355159. Shall I connect you?
No thank you. But thank you for all your help.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a nice, moderately priced [Lebanese] restaurant in the area. I'd prefer it to be within walking distance of the museum.
I am sorry but there is not a lebanese restaurant in the west area, but I found one in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
In the centre yes please.
Ok, it's called [Ali Baba]. How many people will be in your party? Also, what day and time would you like?
I would like to make a reservation for 2 people at [19:30] on Tuesday.
Okay, your table is booked. The reference number is 7GD7F8A8 . Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking to book a taxi between the two locations.
At what time would you like to leave the museum?
I just want to make sure I am at the restaurant by [19:30].
Your booking is completed. You will be picked up by a grey lexux. Can I help you with anything else today?
could i get a taxi as well?
Yes, I will have one pick you up
Can you give me the contact number for that taxi you booked?
Absolutely, the contact number for the taxi that I have booked for you is 07503689471. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
What type of car have you booked?
A grey lexus will be picking you up. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. That all sounds good.
Okay do not hesitate to call us if you need something else.


Yes I am looking for a college to visit. Can you help me?
Well [Christ's college] is quite famous and is free to enter.
That sounds nice. Can you please give me the address, including the postcode?
It is located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would also like to find a place to stay, expensive price range, but with free parking.
There are 5 hotels that meet this criteria. What part of town would you prefer to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything in the north that is expensive. Is there another price range or area I can try for you?
How about a moderately priced one?
There are 9 moderately priced hotels to choose from. Any other requirements to narrow down your choices?
Do any of the hotels offer free parking?
there are five guesthouses that have free parking.
I'll take the highest rated one of those. I need 4 nights starting Tuesday for 7 people, please.
I have booked you in the highly rated [A[corn guest house]] for 4 nights beginning Tuesday. The reference number is FK8743UH . Is there anything else I can help with
Yes. I'd like to book a taxi to get there.
Absolutely, what time would you like to depart from the college?
I would like to leave Christ's college by [19:00].
Great I got a white skoda phone number 07971687645
Thank you for your help.Bye.
Have a great day!


Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.
I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.
I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?
Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday
Okay. I would like to recommend the [Acorn Guest House].
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number
May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.
I made the booking for you. Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T . What else can I do for you?
I need a train.
I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
i will be leaving from cambridge after [15:45]
Okay, and where are you traveling to?
i'm traveling to kings lynn and need to leave after 15:45
There are a number of trains that leave after 15:45. The one closest to the time is TR1911 leaving at 16:11. What day would you like to travel?
I'll need the to take the train on Tuesday. I'll need it for the same number of people as my hotel reservation.
Your 1 ticket booking on the TR1911 train was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : O8BN9KXH .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need a train to peterborough from cambridge on sunday.
There are many trains, beginning at 05:19, do you have a time preference?
I would like to leave after [18:15] please.
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, thank you. I just need the train ID and price of the ticket.
Train TR6662 leaves at 18:19 and the price is 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks that is all I need. Thanks for the assistance.
thanks too for choosing us
Thank you and goodbye.
Glad I could help hope you have a great day.


I am looking for a place to go in town.
There are many places, do you have a particular destination type in mind?
I'm looking for a theatre. Can you recommend one?
I have four theatre's in the centre and one in the south. Do yo know which area you would like?
Area doesn't matter. Please choose your favorite and tell me the area and postcode and address if you could
I personally love the mumford theatre. Its in the centre at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and the postcode is cb11pt. Will that be all today?
Thank you thats all.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.


Can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south?
I sure can. Do you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican food?
I prefer [Chinese] food thanks.
Peking restaurant has good reviews would you like that?
That sounds good. Can I have the postcode and address please?
Absolutely. The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street, City Centre. Their postcode is cb28nx. Can I reserve you a table by chance?
No thank you, I don't need a reservation.
All right, what else can I help you with?
That's it. Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.


I'm looking for a place to visit. Are there any attractions in town that are boats?
Yes, there are 4 locations. Are you looking for one in a certain area?
Nope, I just need the entrance fee, phone number, and address of your favorite one.
I really like Camboats. They are located in the East at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. There is no entrance fee. Would you like to book?
No, but I'm interested in train information. Is there anything running from Peterborough on Wednesday?
I can look that up, but let me confirm first. Are you going from Peterborough to Cambridge or are you going to another city?
I will be going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive by [12:30].
I show 13 entries that will arrive by that time. What time would you like to depart by?
Departure time doesn't matter to me.
I have TR0106 arriving by 12:09, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book a ticket for me. What's the travel time for this train trip?
The travel time is 50 minutes. I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is KO6DHTQX . Is there anything else I can do for you?
What is the departure time of my train?
I am sorry the departure time on that train is 05:19 and you will be arriving at 06:09. Sorry got the two confused.
Thank you have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


What museums can I visit in town?
The [broughton house gallery] is a museum located in the center of town.
That sounds great. Can you give me the area and phone number for that museum?
Sure, the phone number is 01223314960. It is located in the centre area.
I also need a train that is leaving on Thursday going to Cambridge.
The TR2775 Leaves London Kings Cross Thursday at 5:17 and arrives in Cambridge 51 minutes later. Does that work?
Yes as long as it arrives by [16:30] and I will be departing from Stevenage
TR2833 departs Stevenage at 13:54 on Thursday and arrives in Cambridge at 14:43. I can book a ticket, if you like.
ok, yeah get me a ticket
Okay, your ticket has been reserved. Your reference number is YOAVPYXH . Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all! Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day.


What moderately priced dining options are there in the centre of Cambridge?
There are a total of 21 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that are moderately priced. Any particular type of food?
I don't care, I'm up for anything.
[The cow pizza kitchen and bar] is a gastropub in the centre, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, 1 person at [12:45] Thursday please. I need reference number.
Your table has been booked successfully for Thursday at 12:45. The reference number is 7YPXO1U2 . Can I help with with anything else today?
I also need a train to Cambridge from London kings cross. I need to be there by [09:30].
The last train to Cambridge from London Kings Cross leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 08:08. Shall I book 1 ticket?
Can I get the train ID and the price, please?
Sure the Train ID is TR4016 and the price is 23.60 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, thank you for your help.
OK, let me know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a guesthouse where I can stay in east Cambridge.
There are several guesthouses on the east side. I recommend the Allenbell. It's cheap, but it still gets 4 stars.
I was hoping for one that is in the moderate price range.
Okay I have the [A and B guesthouse] in the moderate price range. Would you like to book that?
Yes, actually. Can you reserve a room for me for Friday for 3 guests?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UN2JUAA4 .
I'm also looking for an [Italian] restaurant, something in the same area as the hotel.
I have one restaurant called [P[izza Hut Fen Ditton]] and it is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make it for the same group of people at [15:00] on the same day.
I have you booked in at that time and day.
I also need a taxi
I can help with that! When and were would you need your taxi?
I need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Okay, so you'll be going to the restaurant from the hotel? Or to the hotel from the restaurant? and at what time, please?
The hotel to the restaurant please
Booking completed! Booked car type : red honda Contact number : 07823449934 You will arrive by [14:45].
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


I am looking for a train from Cambridge leaving Monday.
Where would you like to travel to?
I want to go to Ely. I need to arrive by [15:45].
I can get you tickets for an arrival time at 14:07,that is the soonest, is that okay?
Yes. That's perfect. Can you book for 2 people?
Yes, I made a reservation for 2 people. The reference number is K9R2W1I6 and the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great. Can you recommend a Concerthall to go to?
the man on the moon is a concert hall located in the centre part of town. would you like their address and their phone number?
Do you have any concert halls located in the west?
No, there are no concert hall on the west-side.
Is there one that is in the type of college?
Clare Hall is a college in the West with no entrance fee. Will that do?
Yes, that would work. Could I get the full address and phone details for [Clare Hall] please?
Yes, Clare Hall's address is herschel road and it's phone number is 01223332360.
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


Hello I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Italian] food and I need it to be cheap.
There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No there isn't.
How about something local, such as Zizzi Cambridge? It's located at the centre.
That sounds good can you please give me the address and phone number?
Sure thing! Zizzi Cambridge contact info: Phone: 01223365599 Postcode: cb21ab Address: 47-53 Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes I need a table for two.
What day and time would you like the booking for?
I don't know.
How about this Tuesday at [17:00]? I can check if they have any available tables.
Sure that sounds good.
I'm sorry could you confirm what restaurant you wanted to reserve a table for 2 at?
[Zizzi Cambridge] please
thanks for booking the reservation. Goodbye.


Are there any multiple sports in the centre of town?
Sorry, not in the centre. Should I check another area?
Well, how about a theatre then? I need the phone number.
There are several theaters in the town centre. What address are you staying at so I can find the closest one to you?
I'm not sure yet. Which one do you recommend?
I think the [Mumford Theatre] is great! Would you like more information?
Yes, I need the entrance fee and phone number?
They don't have the entrance fee posted but their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks, that is all the information I need. Thank you for your time.
I'm happy to be of help. Goodbye!


I would like to find a museum in the west.
There 7 great museums in that area is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
No, not really. Which one is your favorite?
[Cafe jello gallery] is amazing. Admission is free. The phone number is 01223312112. It is located at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, there is, could I fine a place to eat with a moderate price range in the same area?
There are three choices, a british, italian and indian, place, any preference among those?
I really like [Italian] food. What are the options?
I have [Prezzo] that is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west. They are located at 21-24 Northhampton Road. Did you need a reservation?
Yes on Tuesday at [13:45]. There will be 2 of us.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8Z0BBWCE . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I need to book a taxi from the museum to the restaurant.
Okay great. I completed your booking. The car type will be a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07076762321
I need to make sure I get there by the booking time of 13:45. Can you double check?
Sure. I have double checked, and everything looks good. Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
you're welcome, have a great day!


Can you help me find some place to go in town where I can find some entertainment? Thanks.
My computer is showing five possibles for you. Do you have a specific part of town you will be in?
No, I could go anywhere. What are my choices?
I have five places. Is there an area or a specific name you would like to know about?
No, just recommend one for me , please
I would recommend Nusha on the south side, they are at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy, any other questions?
Thank you for the recommendation. Is there an entrance fee at [Nusha]?
The entrance fee per person is not available online. Is there any other info I can provide?
yeah i want info about a particular restaurant
Sure thing what kind of food?
I'm looking for the [ugly duckling].
What information do you require about that place?
I just need to know the area, phone number and postcode, please.
Ugly Duckling is in the centre of town. Their post code is cb21tw and their phone number is not listed. Is there anything further?
No that will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks a lot!
You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


I would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve [lebanese] food.
There is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called [Ali Baba]. Would you like their address?
Could you give me just the phone number and postcode please?
Sure, the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is CB21NT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a museum to visit?
I can. Does location matter?
No, it does not matter. You can make a suggestion and provide the address and postcode.
cambridge and county folk museum located at 2-3 Castle street. 3.50 pounds to get in, but well worth it.Check out the gift shop too.
Can I have the postcode, please?
The postcode is at cb30aq
Thanks much! Oh and I'd also like to find a place to dine in the centre. Can you help me with that too?
Absolutely. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I'd like [modern American] in the moderate price range, if possible?
I have none that match your criteria. May I suggest a different area or food type?
If you don't have any Modern American places, maybe [Modern European]?
There are 2 modern European restaurants.
Could you pick one and give me the postcode and phone number?
Sure thing here you go 01223259988 and cb21rt.
What is the address?
Riverside Brasseri, located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Will there be anything else?
great! I also want to book a taxi from the [cambridge and county folk museum] going to [R[iverside]] Brasseri by [18:30].
Ok great, your booking is completed. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356.
Can you reserve it for me?
Your booking is complete. Can I help you with anything else?
What adult attraction are within 5 miles of the restaurant?
I have ballare nightclub very close in the same area.
I was never given the car type and contact number for my taxi, could you please provide them?
I'd be happy to give that to you again. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. Can I assist you further?
NO that was all I needed. THank you,
thank you for choosing us
i am glad i was of help
Thank you for calling today. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.


I would like to visit a college while I am in town.
Great, there are many. Any particular part of town?
Yes the west please.
I have 5 colleges in that area. Would you like queens college or maybe clare college?
How about [Clare College]. Can you get me the entrance fee and phone number?
the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. the phone number is 01223333200
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that has free parking and wifi preferably a 4 star guesthouse in the north. What do you suggest?
I suggest [Accorn Guesthouse]? It is moderately price and includes parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yep what is their postcode and phone number if you have that handy
Their postcode is cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, thanks for your help.
What dates are you needing reservations?
I haven't decided on the dates with my family yet. I will call back. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


Can you help me find an expensive [European] food local restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine when I get to Cambridge?
How about [michaelhouse cafe]? They are located in the centre?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you!
Okay, would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need a sitting for 7 people on Thursday at [13:45], please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4668B8BF .anything else?
I need to find a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to find one with 4 stars.
I have two options for you. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive? And guesthouse or hotel?
I want it to be expensive, and type doesn't matter
[University arms Hotel] is a 4 star and also has wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I do need reservations.
How many people will the room be for?
I actually don't need a reservation, sorry. Can you just tell me the address and if they have free parking and wifi?
the address of university arms hotel is regent street. It has both parking and internet.
Thanks for your help have a goodnight
Thank you for contacting us. Good Night.


Hey, I'm headed to birmingham new street on Friday. Please find me a train
Sure, what is your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and need to leave after [17:45].
Okay, the TR7420 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I need 3 tickets.
You are all set, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station, the reference number is D058JMG9, do you need anything else today?
I'm also looking for colleges in the south. Can you help me with that?
I'm afraid there are no colleges on the south side. Would you like me to look for something else or in a different area?
Are there any nightclubs in the south?
There is one, and it's called The Place. They're located at 22 Sidney Street.
Hmm.. Sounds fun. What is their post code?
The postcode is cb23hg.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Is there anything else you need me to help you with?
No. You have covered everything. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.


I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town, could you get me the number and full address please?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223727410. It is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Thank you goodbye.
enjoy your meal!


I am looking for a place to stay. in the west
I can recommend a nice 4-star hotel for you, the [Huntingdon Marriott]. Would you like to know more about it?
yes, please. I need a guesthouse that has free parking.
How about [hobsons house]?
Sure, what is the post code?
The postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh. Do you want a reservation?
No that was all I wanted to know. Thanks!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


Hi. I'll be traveling to there and can't wait to try the restaurants there. Could you help me find a place?
Do you prefer a certain type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like to try [South African] cuisine.
I have a restaurant called [Bedouin] located downtown an 100 Mill Road, if that interests you.
Is it in the expensive price range?
Yes, Bedouin is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Yes, go ahead and book that restaurant for 7 people at [17:15], please.
On what day would you like to book?
We will be there monday night.
My apologies. The table you requested is not available at 17:15 on Monday night. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes. Can you try [16:15]?
I was able to make reservation for you on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. Your reference number is KCIWXESP . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also needing train tickets for Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.
Alright, there are 10 trains traveling to London Liverpool Street. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you are wanting?
I need to arrive by [12:15] please.
Can you tell me where you are departing from please and the number of tickets you will need?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and need 7 tickets.
I have train TR4494 that will be departing at 09:59 and arriving by 11:27. Would this interest you?
Yes, I would like to make a booking please for 7 people.
I have gotten you 7 tickets on train TR4494, reference number ENXXH8XH and the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No you have been most kind. Thank you for doing the bookings. Are there any attractions in the same area?
Are you looking for an attraction in the Centre of town as well?
Yes, attractions in the Centre of town would be great.
what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I have decided I don't really need an attraction. I think that will be all today.
Your restaurant and travel accommodations have been booked. Reference number KCIWXESP and HTEPD4LJ respectively. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be it for today. Thank you
I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!


I want an expensive place to stay in the west side.
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west that offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't really need internet, but that sounds like everything else I want. Yes, I'd like you to book it.
OK, what is your arrival date, number of nights, and number of people in your party?
I will hold off on the booking today I think I have all I need
Okay, the phone number is 01480446000 for your convenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I would like to book the hotel for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Booking was not possible. Would you like to try a shorter stay, fewer rooms, or another day?
Yes, is 3 nights possible? Could I also please have a reference number?
Great, the booking was successful. Your reference number is HJHE475H . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I would like to make reservations for my party to have dinner one night near the hotel. We would like to go to a restaurant that serves [Indian] food, if possible.
I see one moderately priced Indian restaurant in that area, and several expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one of the expensive places. Need to impress my guests, you know?
There are three expensive Indian Restaurants in that area. Can I recommend [Tandoori Palace]?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book it for the same 6 people at [12:30] on Sunday.
I was not able to reserve a table for you at that time. Is there a different day or time slot that you would like?
Yes, how about [11:30] instead? Please send reference number for the booking.
Great! I have a table for 6 people at 11:30 onSundar at Tandoori Palace, Reference Number 3BMGPAN3 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed!
Thank you, you have a good day!


I am looking for a [Thai] restaurant - any area will do.
[Bangkok city] is an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre of town.
can i have its phone number and postcode ?
Bangkok City's phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 J.X. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using this system, goodbye!


I'm looking for a train departing on saturday from cambridge.
Escaping for the weekend, huh? Where are you headed?
Getting out of cambridge for awhile going to stansted airport and would like to leave anytime after [12:30] please
TR8476 will cost you 8.08 pounds. can i book it for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 3 people. Once booked can I please have the reference number?
Alright got your tickets booked, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: O14QEE79 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, we're also looking for a hotel to stay at when we're in town.
I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
I definitely want a 4-star hotel, not a guesthouse. I don't care about parking, but I do need free wifi.
how about [huntingdon hotel] in the west?
That sounds great. Can you give me some information about it?
Absolutely. It's an expensive 4 star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking. The hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Can I book it for you?
Can you book it for me. From Thursday, for 2 nights and 3 people.
Absolutely! Your stay has been booked, and the reference number is 97Z4GAQ7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
I'm glad we were able to help you. Goodbye!


Hello I need a train to Bishops Stortford please
What day and time will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday and would like to leave after [16:30].
The first train after 16:30 is TR6673 which leaves at 17:29 and will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No thanks. No need to book. But, can you tell me the price for the ticket?
The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. I also need the phone number for an attraction called [great saint mary's church].
great saint mary's church's phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the address also please? That will help a lot! Thanks so much!
Their address is market square. How else can I help?
that isenough for today. thank you for helping
You are most welcome. I hope you have a wonderful time on your trip to cambridge. Goodbye!


I need to find information on [home from home].
Sure, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Free parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. There will be 2 of us staying for 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Sunday.
I booked you and your Reference number is : LKDT8R8B . Is there anything else?
That is great. Thanks.
Can I help with anything more?
No, that will be all today. Thanks a bunch!
Have a great day!


Hi there, I'm trying to book a train for Saturday that leaves after [18:45].
I can book tickets that leave london kings cross that leaves at 19:17?
No, I don't really want to go there. I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.
I have one leaving at 19:59, if that's acceptable?
Can I get the travel time and train ID?
It is train train TR2166 and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Not just yet. Can you find me a place to dine in the south? Moderate pricing please.
There are two restaurants, would you like italian or modern european?
Ooh, [modern european] sounds interesting. What have you got?
The european restaurant is [restaurant alimentum]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation for 6 people at [10:45] on saturday please.
Unfortunately, they do not have availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Try [9:45] then, please.
That time will not be available. They are closed then.
I'm sorry, before we book the restaurant.. can you make sure the train is departing from Cambridge, please?
Yes, that train is departing from Cambridge.
Are you sure they are closed at 9:45? Is there a different [european] restaurant in that area available at that time?
No, sorry, that restaurant is the only european restaurant in the area.
Can you book that for 6 people at 09:45 on saturday?
Unfortunately, there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 9:45 instead?
Unfortunately, there are no tables at 9:45. Try requesting a NEW time or day.
Why don't you just schedule it and give me the reference number please I know they are very busy this time of year.
I am sorry but I need for you to specify a date and time please.
Can you try [10:45] on Saturday again? Maybe there was a cancellation.
I'm sorry, again, that time is not available.
Okay. Thanks anyway. Good bye!
You are welcome. Sorry we were unable to book the table for you. Please call back if we can help with anything else.


I'm looking for a cheap [Italian] restaurant.
How about Pizza Hut City Centre? I hear it is very good.
I s it located in the north?
No, that one was in the Centre. But, da vinci pizzeria is in the north
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] is fine can you book a table for one for Monday at [12:00]?
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, what about the reference number?
My system is down and I am unable to book at the moment. Here is their # 01223351707 or we can try again later. Sorry for inconvenience.
Wow, really? Could you try again please?
My apologies, this is actually a system issue and i cannot book. I have reported in, in the meantime do you need other information?
I will try back later for the reference number. Could you find me a place to stay that is near the restaurant?
There are several in the moderate to cheap range. Do you have a star preference?
no stars would work for me.
I would recommend [city centre north b and b]. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a guesthouse with 0 stars?
Yes they are a guesthouse with a 0 star rating in the north area.
Okay, great. Please book that for me then. It'll be 1 person for 2 nights
What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Monday.
You are booked into [city center north b and b] with reference number O1TNBPLU . You are also booked at [da vinci pizzeria], reference number QLKCDA7V .
I also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by my reservation time.
I have booked you with a yellow bmw with the contact number 07383383242. Is there anything else I can help with today? .
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EHQENA. Anything else.
I wish you safe travels. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day. Reference number is T4EHQENA. Reference number is T4EHQENA .


Can you help me find a moderately priced [Indian] restaurant?
Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
Is there anything near the centre? I'll need the postcode and phone number as well.
there no such restraunts in the centre
Really? No moderately-priced Indian restaurants at all?
No, there are none. I have cheap and expensive Indian restaurants in the center of town, but nothing in between.
OK, just get me a train. The train should arrive by [17:15] and should leave on Wednesday.
i have 245 trains that arrive by 17:15. where will you be departing from and where are you going?
I will be leaving from ely to cambridge.
Train TR5348 will depart at 5:35 would you like me took book it fore you ?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you goodbye.


I need to find a college in town.
Do you have a preference as to which part of town the college is located?
I'd prefer somewhere in the west.
[Churchill college] is in the west part of town.
Can you tell me their address and postcode, please? And do they charge any entrance fee?
The address is storey's way postcode cb30ds. Their phone number is 01223336233. Entrance to the college is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for train schedules. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. What day are you traveling and what is your departure city and destination?
I'm leaving sunday from cambridge going towards london kings cross.
I have 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to london kings cross. What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday.
Ok, great! I have train TR7423 departing cambridge at 05:00 and arriving at london kings cross 05:51 on Sunday. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get six tickets and a reference number once it's booked?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 2VRW842P . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No,thank you very much.
Have a wonderful day.


Are there any interesting places to go in the centre of town?
Yes, there are many. Do you have any preferences in terms of attraction types?
Not really. Can you give me a favorite? And the entrance fee as well?
There are many free attractions, types include architecture, college, and museum. Do any of these interest you? Or I can look for attractions that have a fee.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee for the museums?
[Broughton House Gallery] is a free museum located at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Is there an entrance fee?
There's no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i need a train leaving london kings on Thursday.
Okay, where is your destination?
I will be going to Cambridge.
Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
i just want to arrive by [14:15]
Do you need me to book that for you?
can you give me the total travel time on that?
The duration for all rides are the same at 51 minutes. TR2512 arrives by 14:08. Does that work for you?
thanks that is what bi wanted. good day
Thank you very much for using this automated system. Good bye!


I need to book a [12:15] taxi at [Charlie Chan].
Of course. I just need to know your destination.
I will be going to [cotto].
A black Audi will pick you up at Charlie Chan to leave at 12:15 and get you over to Cotto. Their contact # is: 07928872088
Thank you very much!
You're quite welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is all, thanks so much!
No problem at all.


Hello! I'm looking for the hotel called [Cityroomz]. Can you give me some information, please?
Sure. Cityroomz is located in the centre at sleeperz hotel, station road.
phone number and postcode please and thank you
The phone number is 01223304050 and the postcode is cb12tz.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to eat in the west area.
Are you interested in a certain cuisine or price range?
Are there any [British] restaurants in that area?
There are three! Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
I do not have a preference on price range.
Okay. Well, I've heard great things about Graffiti. How about that?
That sounds great, do you have a number for [Graffiti]? What's the price range?
[Graffiti's] phone number is 01223277977. It's in the expensive price range. Do you want me to make a booking?
No but I do need a taxi and need it at restaurant by [03:15].
Okay, I will do that. Will you be picked up at the hotel?
No, I'll be heading from the restaurant to the hotel.
yellow honda Contact number : 07467571080 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all and thank you.
You are welcome enjoy.


Hey, is there any good [italian] food on the eastside?
There is [pizza hut fen ditton]. Would you like the address?
Sure, and also what is the phone number?
their phone number is 01223323737 and are situated Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58wr
Thank you. I also need information on [sidney sussex college]
their phone number is 01223338800 and are located on sidney street, postcode cb23hu and admission is free.


I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town
There are many museums in the centre of town, but I would recommend [Broughton House Gallery]. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes, can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that museum?
Absolutely. There is no entrance fee for the Broughton House Gallery and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you! Are there any guesthouses nearby?
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is located in the centre area. May I book this for you?
Yes that will work, please book.
Certainly. How long would you like to stay?
I will need 3 nights for 2 people.
What day would you like to start your stay?
I would like to start my stay on Friday.
Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps you'd prefer another day or a shorter stay?
How about 6 people for 5 nights starting friday?
oh that definitely worked. I have booked you in and your reference number is KVJNZBG6 .
Thank you. Can you please confirm for me that the guesthouse you booked for me is moderately priced?
It is actually cheaply priced. Is that going to be okay?
No, sorry. I am looking for something moderately priced.
I'm sorry there are no moderately priced guesthouses in centre. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, please. We seem to have gone very astray. I need a moderately priced 3 star guest house. It doesn't matter where.
Okay, there are four available. How about Hamilton Lodge in the north? It's at 156 chesterton road cb41da with phone 01223365664. Would that work for you?
Please book the [Hamilton Lodge] or 6 people and 5 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. The reference number is 999S42AB . Anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks!
I have confirmed your booking and you are are all set. Thank you for calling the Cambridge town info centre.


I'm looking for architecture in the centre part of town. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. I personally like [Little Saint Mary's Church] on Little Saint Mary's Lane. Admission is free.
Oh, great! Can you get me the phone number, postcode, and how much does it cost to get in?
The number is 01223366202, the postcode is cb21qy and the admission is free. Will there be anything else I can help you with?
Are there any trains going to Cambridge on Friday?
There sure are. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross after [20:45].
There is a 21:17 that will arrive by 22:08. How does that sound?
That would work, can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time on that?
The train id is TR1581 for 23.60 pounds. Travel time is 51 minutes
Thank you that is all I need today.
I'm glad I was able to assist you today. Have a nice day.


Hi I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
Any more specifics?
I would really like to see a museum. Maybe get a little more culture under my belt.
There are 11 museums in the area, all free. Anything in particular you are interested in? There are art, architecture, archaeology, and historical museums.
Surprise me! Can you send me the address and postcode for the one you choose?
I'm a fan of wipple museum of the history of science. They're at free school lane, post code cb23rh. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the museum that serves [north american] food. Could you get me the number, postcode, and address please?
Certainly, Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive north american restaurant , address Regent Street City Center, phone 01223312598. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds nice.Sure, I like a reservation in the Gourmet Burger Kitchen, and I need the address.
The address is Regent Street City Centre, how many should I book for and what time?
Can I get the postcode for them please?
The postcode for the gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks! Goodbye.
Excellent. Have a good night!


Please help me find an expensive restaurant that serves [Chinese] food. Thank you.
I have several options for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Area does not matter, Ill go with anyone that you recommend, please book me for thursday at [19:15] for 6 people.
Ok, you have a reservation at the [Ugly Duckling]. The reference number is MHERLSWD . Do you want the address?
No need for the address, thanks so much. I also need a train departing King's Lynn.
OK, what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I am leaving on Thursday and would like to arrive by [14:15].
Where will the destination be?
The train should go to Cambridge on Thursday. I would also need the train ID.
When would you like to leave at?
I have no preference, I just need to arrive by 14:15
I have TR4836 available. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives at 13:58. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Would you like this one?
That sounds like the one I need. I'll reserve it myself though. Thanks for your help, I won't need anything else. Bye.
Do you need any suggestions for attractions or hotels? I can help.


I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
There are several to chose from what price range are you looking for?
I need one that serves [modern european] food.
There are four modern European restaurants in the centre. Two are moderately priced, one is cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
Please try to book a table for 3 people at your favorite one.
What day do you want me to book it for?
On Sunday at 14:45 please.
How about the [riverside brasserie]? It is moderate priced.
Sure, that sounds great. Can you get that table for 3 for [14:45] on Sunday?
Yes, you're booked with reference number LP74URJE . May I help with anything else?
I'd also like to see a college, any would do. And could you give me the address and entrance fee as well, please.
The [churchill college] is at storey's way and is free, did you need anything else?
That sounds great. Yes, actually, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant please, so we can arrive in time for our reservation.
Okay, I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Skoda. The contact number is 07626173176. .
Thank you for your help!
Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.
Fantastic - have a great time on your visit! Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.


i need a train out of cambridge
Okay! Where would you like to go?
I want to go to Stevenage.
These trains run every two hours, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to depart?
I want to arrive at stevenage by [20:45].
The TR2515 meets your criteria. Would you like to book some tickets?
Does that train travel on Friday? And can I get the total travel time?
TR8118 is your best bet. It will arrive in Stevenage at 20:10, and the travel time from Cambridge is 49 minutes.
Great. I actually don't need tickets yet. Could you tell me about a restaurant called [the slug and lettuce]?
sure it is a gastropub in the centre of town and is quite expensive
Ok. Can you also tell me the postcode and address?
34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. Anything else?
No, I think that's about everything I need right now. Thank you!
Glad to help, have a blessed day.
Thanks. You too. Good bye
Enjoy your stay !


Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.
Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.
We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.
The [Lensfield Hotel] at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.
Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV .
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.
When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.
Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I need to arrive by [18:00], please.
Train TR9531 leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 17:01. That is the last train of the day. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.
Your reference number is 4HRLU45B, is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need from you, Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a room and want to see if I can find somewhere that has 3 stars. Can I get some help with that?
I found 4 guesthouses and 2 hotels with 3 star ratings do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse.
There is the Gonville hotel in the centre and The Lensfield hotel in the south, both have free internet and parking. Would you like to book one of these?
Could you give me more information the the [Lensfield]?
The lensfield hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the south area. Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes please, book it for Saturday for 3 people for 3 nights.
I'm sorry, I was unable to reserve rooms for that day and length of stay. Would you like to try anything else?
How about 2 nights? Would that work?
I have successfully booked your stay at the Lensfield Hotel for two nights. 716V6QS6 is your reference number.
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
Have a great stay!


Is there a train from london liverpool street that arrives by [17:15]?
Yes, I have several trains that can get you there by 17:15. What day are you traveling?
I'm coming to Cambridge on Thursday.
There are seven trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Any train is fine. I'll need it booked for three people.
I've booked you for 3 on TR3257, leaving liverpool street at 13:39 and arriving cambridge at 15:07, with reference #YR897WTP . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for a place called [cineworld cinema]
Okay it's located in the south and the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thank you, goodbye!
Good bye, enjoy the rest of your day.


I would like to book a train to Leicester that leaves on Saturday.
Yes, do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after [15:15] please.
Would you like to book a seat on TR1832? It will leave at 15:21 and arrive at 17:06, 105 minutes later. It will cost 30.24 pounds.
Yes, can you please book that for me and send me a reference number. Thank you
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VHWYUF80
i also want to check out some museums while i'm in town.
What area are you interested in?
In the centre, please
sure, there are several in that area. including art galleries and history museums.
If you can go ahead and recommend one and provide me with the phone number and address please. Thanks so much.
broughton house gallery is located at 98 King Street and their phone number is 01223314960. Do you need anything else?
That's all for today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for calling today.


I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [caribbean] food
no records match your request, I'm sorry.
How about [modern european] food?
We have Modern European in the centre area in several price ranges. Do you have a preference?
The price range doesn't matter. Please suggest one to me.
[The river bar steakhouse and grill] is good but cheap. Would you like their address or phone number?
Of course
their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and their phone number is 01223 307030
Thank you for your help. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Enjoy your dining experience.


Can you help me with finding a hotel today, please?
There are 33 hotels in the city. Can we start by you telling me what area of town you are looking to stay?
The south, please.
That narrows it down a bit to 4 options - 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Are you looking for something in a particular price range or star rating?
I prefer a guesthouse with free wifi.
My search found one 4 star moderate hotel, one 3 star moderate hotel and one 4 star cheap hotel and all with free wifi. Which one will you prefer?
Let's try the cheap one. Could you give me the address and postcode?
Yes the postcode is cb22ha and the address is 53 roseford road. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Could you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?
There is no multiple sports attraction in the centre but there is one in the east. Are you interested?
Well, maybe try a swimming pool. That might be better.
Parkside pools is available, address gonville place, postal cb11ly, prices vary by season and day, but you can call 01223446100 for more info. Any further questions?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Please find an [Indian] restaurant in the North.
There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town: The Nirala, which is moderately priced, and [Royal Spice], which is cheaply priced.
How about the cheap priced one?
The Royal Spice, then. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Please set up a reservation. I need a setting for 7 people on Friday at [16:15], my wife's family is flying in then.
You are all set, the reference number is 03TK44PN . Will you need assistance with a place to stay or a train?
No, but how about attractions in the same area as the restaurant?
There are 2 swimming pools, a park and a boat. Are any of those of interest to you?
i like the park. can i get the phone number and address
The address is Milton Country Park, Milton and the phone is 01223420060.
Ok great, thanks very much!
You are very welcome, enjoy!


Are there any places to go in the town centre?
there are plenty, anything in particular you are looking for?
Not especially, just kicking around the town centre for a few hours and looking for something to do.
Are you sure? We have so many different places to go - I'd love to get some more input from you.
I just want something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what sort of places there are?
Sure. There is architecture, boating, the cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, parks, a swimmingpool and theatres.
Can you recommend a nightclub?
[Club salsa] is a nightclub in centre. Would you like their contact information?
Yes please. What's its entrance fee, contact number, and postcode?
Club Salsa has an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Their postcode is cb12jb, and their phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it, adios.
Have a great day, good bye.
Thanks for your help.
Give us a call should you need anything .


I'm looking for an expensive [Chinese] restaurant.
Great, I have several options for you. Two are in the south.
Area does not matter. Pick one for me.
I would recommend the [Ugly Duckling] restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Can I just get the address for now?
Their address is12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Was there anything else you needed to know?
I'm also lso looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
I have 3 that match your criteria, is there an area you are looking to stay in?
No, I do need wifi though.
I'd recommend the [University Arms Hotel], it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes please book for 1 night 1 person. I also need a taxi to go from the hotel by 14:15 to the restaurant. What is the car & contact number?
What day will you be checking in?
There is no preference.
Unfortunately, to book you a room I would need to know the day you want to start your stay. What day would that be? Then we can get a taxi.
You know what I change my mind. I'll book later. I still need a taxi from [University Arms Hotel] leaving at [14:15] to the [Ugly Duckling].
I have made that taxi and you should expect a red lexus. The contact number for the taxi is 07465471381.
thank you I think that will be all for today.
your welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a train leaving from Leicester.
You have 133 options to choose from. Where will you be heading?
I need to be in Cambridge by [13:00]
What day do you want to travel?
I'm looking to travel on friday.
TR8659 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, will that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. Please book it for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6Q8I2TIT .
Thanks so much. I also was hoping you might be able to see if there are any parks in the south?
Absolutely! We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend [wandlebury country park]. It has free admission.
Can I have the postcode and phone number for that park?
01223243830. Postcode, cb223ae. Anything else?
No that will be ll. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service!
Have a good day. Bye.
Have a great time, bye now!


I want to visit a college in Cambridge. Can you help me find some?
There are eighteen college in cambrdige, any area preference?
I don't have any preference as long as it's in town.
May I suggest [Christ's College] in the centre?
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can you give the entrance fee and postcode for that location? Thanks
It is free to visit and is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please provide the phone number.
The phone number is 01223334900. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I was told about a restaurant called the [midsummer house]. Can you help me find that?
Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Get me a table for 2 on Tuesday at [13:45]
Yes I was able to book this for you and your reference number is YBD13ZLT .
Great I also need a taxi between the two locations that will get to the restaurant at [13:45]
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a white Toyota. Their phone number is 07740192551.
Cool thanks so much!
What else can I do for you?
I think I got everything I need. Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need a taxi at [Jesus College] to leave after [10:00].
I would be happy to help with your request, but first could you tell me what your destination is?
I'm going to [royal standard].
I have you booked in a grey Volkswagen, 0761714851.
Alright, that's all I need, thanks!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
There is one hotel and 6 guesthouses in the east with free Internet. Do you prefer a certain price range?
no, I just need it on the east side.
how about the [leverton house]?
Sure, I'd like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
Sorry, but the hotel isn't available during that time. What about changing the date?
how about 2 nights instead?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : HDTPOS34 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. I can help with attractions and restaurants, if you wish.
Not at his time but I will keep it in mind. Have a good day. Bye.
Thank you. Enjoy your trip. Good bye.


I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what my options are in the way of moderately priced [vietnamese] cuisine.
I'm afraid there aren't any moderate Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like to try something else?
I need something in the centre.
Okay, may I suggest british food?
What about a [Gastropub]?
[The cow pizza kitchen and barn] is in the centre of town on Corn Exchange Street.
That sounds great! Can you book a table on Sunday at [13:00] for 4 people, please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5NITO74A .
Thanks. I also need train tickets from leicester to cambridge please
Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be the same day as the booking and I need to arrive by [09:30]
The TR7843 train arrives at cambridge at 8:54. Would you look to purchase tickets or get more information?
I would like to get the departure time and price first.
It costs 30.24 Pounds, and leaves at 07:09. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book for me, thanks.
I have reserved 4 seats for you. Your reference number is 0ORGWOUA .
Thank you. The restaurant and train were my needs today which were successfully met. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving [chinese] food in the south part of town.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Their address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Thanks again. Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Hi I am looking for places to go in the center of town.
Sure, we have a lot of attractions available. What would you like to do?
An entertainment attraction would be nice.
I don't see a match. Do you have any other preferences?
How about we try nightclubs?
how about ballare? i've heard great things.
[Ballare] sounds great. Is there a entrance fee?
The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Thursday running from Norwich to Cambridge, and I'd like to arrive by [10:30]. Can you help with that?
There a 4 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 05:16. When would you like to depart?
I want to arrive by 10:30 for norwich to cambridge I need the train ID and departure time please
the tr9905 will bet you there by 09:35 and it leaves at 08:16, anything else today?
No, that is everything. Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day!
Thanks. You too.
You're very welcome! Bye!


I need a hotel with free parking, thanks!
The [gonville hotel] includes free parking and is in the center. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it have a 4 star rating?
no it only has 3 stars, would you like me to find you something else?
Yes, I want to stay somewhere nice, 4 stars.
huntingdon marriott hotel is a nice place and is a 4 star hotel.Would you like me to book it for you ?


I want to visit a sports centre that allows for multiple different sports.
There is a mutliple sports attraction called the Cherry Hinton Village centre in the east, would you like the address?
I am looking for something in town centre, is there a place for multiple sports in that area?
The only multiple sports center is in the east. Would you like to try a different attraction in the centre?
I there a college instead?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. If you are looking for a recommendation, I would definitely suggest Hughes Hall. They have free admission and are located on Wollaston Road.
Could you give the the phone number for that one?
The phone number for Hughes Hall is 01223334898. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for an expensive [Chinese] restaurant in the same area.
The Ugly Ducking is in the expensive price range in the town of Centre. Would you like more information or for me to book for you?
I just need the phone number please.
There is no phone number listed for them I would suggest sending them an email.
Can you help me book a taxi from [Hughes Hall] to the [Ugly Ducking] by [11:30]?
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07795998512.
Thanks so much you've been a huge help
You are welcome it is my goal to provide great service! Enjoy your stay.
Thanks! Looking forward to it!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Yes, could you please tell me about the [Alpha-Milton guest house]?
Certainly, it is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the northend. It doesn't offer free wifi or parking. Would you like the phone number or address?
Do you know what the price would be for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?
It is in the moderate price range. If you would like me to book it for you, I can give you a price then.
Yes can you please book me for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range available at that time?
The [Acorn Guest House] is available and meets the same criteria. I have booked it for you. Your reservation number is LI4HVTBM .
Perfect that will work for me thanks so much.
Thank you for using our system!


Are there any moderately priced hotels that have free parking, or do they all charge extra for that?
Yes, there are actually 14 moderately priced hotels with free parking. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place on the westside.
The [Hobsons House] is located in the west in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book this for you?
Book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Okay great, your reference number is W1YEMRMR . Is there anything else you need?
Thank you! I also need a train going to cambridge.
I'd be happy to help you narrow down the train schedules. Where will you be traveling from, and on what day and time?
I will leaving leicester the same day and I need to leave after [13:30].
I have one from leicester to cambridge called TR1492 leaving at 14:09 on Sunday. It's 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Also could you provide me the reference number for that?
Will you be travelling with the same 7 people?
We will all be traveling together, therefore yes it will be for all of us.
You and your passengers are booked on the train. Your reference number is QEAJK6UR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service, have a great day.
Thanks to you for help me with all these bookings.
You're welcome, come back anytime. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP.


Hi! I need a train to Broxbourne after [10:30].
I'd be happy to help you with that. What day do you want to travel?
I need the train for Tuesday departing from Cambridge after 10:30.
There are 11 trains of that type, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 11:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I just get the train ID of one of them please?
The train ID for the 11:01 train is TR2130. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the West area of town. Are there any hotels that have free wifi over there?
Yes, I have 4 entries for those criteria. What's your price range?
Cheap, it needs free parking also.
I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. Will you be booking a room today?
Can I just get the address, star rating, and phone number?
The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel at back lane, cambourne cb236bw. Their number is 01954714600.
Thank you for your help. Have a good day!
No problem. Goodbye.


HI, I am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat. Can you help?
Sure what type of food are you wanting?
Any type is fine, just something cheap and in the centre. Could you recommend one and give me the food type?
How about the [Dojo Noodle Bar]? They serve Asian Oriental.
That would be fine. Can I have their postcode and phone number please?
Their postcode is cb21rq, and their phone number is 01223363471
Thank you for your help today.
You're welcome! Goodbye!


I need a train departing from cambridge on friday.
I'd be happy to help. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving Cambridge and need to go to Broxbourne on Friday.
There are 19 trains for Friday that fit your needs, would you like to narrow that down with a time you would like to depart?
I need to arrive by [18:15] please.
First one arrives at 10:01, how many tickets please?
Just one please. I also need a place to stay with 0 stars and an expensive price.
Okay your reference number is PLUBRYFC . I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 0 stars. Do you have any other preferences?
I suppose 1 star would also be acceptable.
I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 1 stars, either. Do you have any other preferences?
Okay, how about one that is in the cheap price range, instead?
[City Center B&B] and [El Shaddai] are cheap guesthouses with 0 stars.
Is that in the north area of town?
City centre is located in the north and el shaddai is located in the centre.
Can I get their postcode and addresses and whether or not they free parking? Thank you.
Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. They do have free parking, can I make you a reservation?
No thank you, that is all the information I needed. Goodbye!
You're welcome, have a great day.


Hi! I'm searching for a [Panasian] restaurant in the south part of town.
There are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any [Indian] restaurants in the south part of town?
taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town.
What is the phone number of [Taj Tandoori]?
The phone number is 01223 412299.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
The Bridge Guest House is 3 stars and located in the south. Would you like me to book it?
It should be in the north, not south.
I am sorry about that,I have 2 in the north alpha-milton guest house,and [hamilton lodge]. Would you like a booking at either of them?
Either one. Could you make a booking for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights
Ok I have made you a booking at the Alpha-milton guest house for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 5 people.
Great. Can you give me a reference number please?
Sorry, the system must have glitched. I wasn't able to get you that booking, but I got you a room at Hamilton Lodge. Your Reference number is: 24FROWCO .
Okay great. That is all I need need thank you.
Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant.
I can help you! Is there a particular type of food you'd like to eat, or a specific location?
In the centre please. It will be just myself at [16:15] on Sunday.
Can I recommend the [dojo noodle bar]? It is a cheap asian oriental restaurant in the centre?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 1[6:15] and need the reference number. I need a place to stay that has free wifi but no parking.
You are reserved for Sunday with reference number 87TQQG9Q . Unfortunately there are no hotels without parking. May I recommend The Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap and four stars.
Is there a guesthouse available?
Yes, if you're looking for a cheap guesthouse, then [Finches Bed & Breakfast] should be right up your alley!
Great can I get the price range, phone number, and area?
Of course. The phone is 01223276653. It is in the west part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like to book this location?
No thanks, I also need a taxi to go from the guesthouse to the restaurant.
When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by the booked time.
It has been reserved. The car type will be a white honda. Contact number 07331361490
Thank you have a nice day.
You're welcome, have a great day, too.


I need a guesthouse, with parking that is free.
I would recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a guesthouse in the west that is 3 stars.
With that criteria, I only have one option. It would be the [Hobsons House]. It is moderately priced and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like to book?
entrance fee, address, and phone number
Phone is 01223304906. Address is 96 barton road. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you book the Hobsons House for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Saturday?
You got it! Booking was successful. Reference number is : INXJI4JD .
Great, thanks, sorry for the confusion earlier! Can you help me find a train, too, please? I'm traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on the same day as my hotel reservation.
I have several trains that fit that description. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in cambridge by [19:15].
I now have seven results. To help narrow it down more, what time would you like to depart?
Whatever gets me an arrival time closest to 19:15
I have TR 3474 from bishops stortford to cambridge arriving at 18:07. Will that work?
What is the travel time of that train?
The travel time is 38 minutes. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for now. Thanks
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.
There is the [Hobsons House]. It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.
Could you give me the postcode.
yes postcode is cb39lh


Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday and arriving by [18:15]?
Where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
I'm going from Cambridge to Standsted airport.
Train TR1526 leaves 17:40 and will get you there by 18:08. Would you like some tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 7 people. I'll also need the reference number.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am looking for hotel with a star five rating and free wifi
We don't have any that match that criteria. Would you like to widen your preferences?
How many stars do the expensive places have?
huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel both have 4 stars. Would you like to book one of these?
Sure, lets try the [University Arms Hotel].
Ok, how many nights would you like to book?
No, I don't need to book a room, I just need the address please.
Certainly. The University Arms Hotel is located on Regent street and their postcode is cb21ad. Is that all?
No, I also need a train leaving cambridge monday going to kings lynn please.
I have found 19 trains going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to be in kings lynn by [9:45] on monday.
I have found you a train leaving Cambridge at 8:11AM and arriving in Kings Lynn at 8:58AM. The train ticket costs 9.80 Pounds and the Train ID is TR3596.
Could you make me a booking for 1?
A booking for 1 on TR3596 departing Kings Lynn at 811 has been made. You can pay the 9.8 GBP at the station.
May I have the reference number for the booking please?
your booking code is 5MPLUDS6 . can i help you with anything else?
That's everything, thank you!
It was my pleasure. Let me know if you need anything else, I'm happy to help!


I am looking for [pasquale pizzeria].
I have found a Don Pasquale Pizzeria located in Centre, would you like that address?
I would like the address, as well as the phone number. And what is the price range for dinner there?
The address is 12 Market Hill City Centre in postcode cb23nj. The phone number is 01223350106, and it's an expensive restaurant.
Great! I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse to stay in.
May I suggest bridge guest house. They are in the south and moderately priced. How many is in your party and how long is your stay?
I won't be needing a booking. Thank you for the information. Have a great day!
You have a great day too.
Thanks again for the help!
It was my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.


I would like to try an expensive, [italian] place while visiting cambridge.
I have 5 of them. 4 in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information?
Staying in the centre would be more convenient. What are my choices?
How about cafe uno or don pasquale pizzeria?
I love pizza that will work can I get the address?
The address to [Don Pasquale Pizzeria] is 12 Market Hill at City Centre. Would you like the phone number too?
That's perfect, could you book me a table for 4 at [16:15] on Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DDLKGEVP .
can you suggest any attractions in the same area? I need the entrance fee if any and attraction type
we have a lovely architecture called all saints church it is free admission
That's all I needed. Thanks!
You are welcome. I was happy to assist you.
Yeah you were great. I will be sending your supervisor a compliment about you.
Thank you for using our system today!


I need to find the Addenbrookes hospital please
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd in Cambridge. Would you like the number to a specific department?
No, I would like its general phone number.
The general phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Please help me find general information about park type places to go in Cambridge.
There are five total parks in Cambridge, four of which are free. The University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds to enter.
May I please have the phone number, postcode, and area of a free park that you recommend?
I have cherry hinton water play,located in the east and the post code is cb18dw. Here is the phone 01223446100.
Thank you for your help.
Have a nice day!


I need a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
Here are two suggestions on the east side, Curry Prince, Indian cuisine, and Pizza Hut fen dittion, Italian.
Please book a table for two at the [Curry Prince] on Sunday at [15:45]
Your booking has been completed.
Can I have a reference number please?
Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is SN8PDT2I .
Thank you. I also need a place to stay.
Do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
I have 18 results that fit your criteria. What area would you like to stay in, and what is your price range?
I would like something moderately priced and include free parking.
I would recommend the [carolina bed and breakfast], which is located on the east side of town. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes please book a for the same group of people for 4 nights on the same day.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is KLDPGQ5D . Will that be all?
I also wanted some help booking a taxi if that's possible.
Absolutely! What time would you like me to set up a taxi?
I want to be at the restaurant by [15:45].
Would the taxi be picking you up at the carolina bed and breakfast?
Yes please. And I'd need the contact number and car type.
What will your destination be?
The restauarant by 15:45, please.
Do you have a preference in car?
Just something to get me from point A to point B, please.
Your taxi is a white Toyota. Your contact number is 07519034481. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for today. Thank you so much.
No thank you that will be all


I'm looking for a cheap hotel that has free wifi.
There are 10 available. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
I would like one with a 4 star rating. Is that an option?
There are 8 of those. Is there are particular area of town you were looking for?
There is not.
How about The [Cambridge Belfry]?
Yes, may I have the address for that hotel?
That hotel is located on Back Lane in Cambourne. Anything else?
Do they have free parking?
They do have free parking. They also have free wifi. Would you like me to make a booking?
I would like to think on it if possible. But perhaps. Could you also help me find a [chinese] diner located in the centre? It needs to be cheap also.
Rice House is at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of the restaurant?
What day, time, and how many people will be coming?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the postcode.
The postcode for the [Rice House] is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to restaurant. I want to leave the hotel by [6:15].
I have set up Yellow Skoda taxi to pick you up at 6:15. Their contact number is 07482129349
And what type of car will be picking me up?
A yellow Skoda is the type of car the taxi will be. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful!
Thank you for using our service. Have a nice day.


I am planning a trip to see the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum]. What can you tell me about it?
Sure. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is one of the oldest social history museums in the UK and offers a various and unique collection of artifacts.
I would like their entrance fee and address please.
their address is 2-3 castle street and their entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Great, thanks! Could you also help me find a [modern European] restaurant in the centre?
There are four places to choose from. They range from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I would prefer something in the moderate range.
[de luca cucina and bar] would fit your needs. they are located at 83 Regent Street, phone 01223356666, cb21aw. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes, make a reservation for Tuesday please
I'd be happy to! How many people and for what time would you like to dine?
3 people at [20:00] on teusday
Okay I will work on getting this done and get back to you.
Thank you. I will also need the reference number, please.
Your table has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 0Z5IJB27 . Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I will need a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to arrive by [20:00] on Tuesday. Can you book that for me?
Your taxi booking was successful. You will be picked up by a white audi. The contact number is 07915378958. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for your time today. I appreciate your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!


I need to book a taxi.
I can do that for you. Where would you like to be picked up and what is your final destination?
I have to be to [whale of a time] by [16:15]
I'd be happy to book that for you, where do you need picked up from?
I would like to leave from the [gallery at twelve a high street].
Your taxi is booked. It is a yellow skoda.
Thank you. Can I get a contact number?
The contact number 07123859913.
Thank you, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a place to dine. I would like [european] food in the expensive price range.
I was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests. Eraina is a great choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
Is it in the north area?
No, it is in the centre. [City Stop restaurant] is an expensive European restaurant in the north end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 8 people on Tuesday at [15:00].
We have made your reservation thank you!
That's great - can you give me the reference number?
Sure, sorry for that - 5U8L4DTQ . DO you need any more help?
thats all - thanks for great service!
Happy to help anytime, bye!


I want to eat someplace with [unusual] food. Price is no object. What can you suggest?
I'm sorry, there is nothing meeting your criteria. What other type of cuisine would you like?
Hmm. I'm not sure. It needs to be expensive, and I really had my heart set on unusual.
There are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Then find a [European] one.
I have 5 european restaurants to choose from. I have options in the centre, north and west. Which would you prefer to dine in?
I would like one in the centre area, please.
How about [Eraina], which serves European food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range?
That sounds good! Can you book a table for 6 people at [12:45] on Wednesday?
That booking was successful, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4OQDTI8C . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.


I am looking for a place to stay.
You're in luck, we have lots of places you can stay at! Do you have an area preference or a price range that you want to stick to?
I'd like to stick to the cheap price range please in the Centre.
How about [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]? It is a cheap 4 star in centre.
Does it have a star rating of 4?
yes, it has a four star rating.
Awesome, please book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday
How many people are in your party?
Just one.
Booking was successful. your Reference number is : PV4MAEDL . is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need to find an [Indian] restaurant in the east. What ever you recommend. I need the postcode and address as well.
I would suggest [curry prince]. Address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postcode cb58jj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that will be fine. i also want a taxi to commute between the to places.
What are your departure and arrival sites and times?
it should leave the restaurant by [14:00]
For how many, and when would you like to arrive?
Also please provide me with contact number and car type.
Booking was successful! Your car is a white ford and you can contact them at 97556660882 should you need to.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Okay have a great day and a great trip!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Great. Are you looking for a train, hotel or attractions to visit while in Cambridge?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday to arrive in Leicester by [12:15] please.
the TR9366 train arrives at 12:06.
book for 5 people and get me the reference number
Congratulations, you are all booked! The total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station.Your reference number is : RR4BSBW5 . Is there anything else I can do?
I need to find a place to stay that has 4 stars and has free wifi
What is your price range?
It should be expensive and a guesthouse.
Sorry there is no guesthouse fitting the description you asked for
Could you try the moderate price range to see if there are any available?
Yes there are 11. I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people for four nights starting Wednesday.
Okay I have booked that and your reference number is HUH8HH95 .
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, I appreciate your help today.
Your welcome, have a great day!


I am looking to get some information on the [acorn guest house].
I have the info for that place, what would you like to know?
Is there a room available for a five night stay beginning Friday?
Sure, I'd be happy to. How many total people will be staying with you?
Just for 1 person, thanks.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be no rooms available. Could I interest you in another hotel?
Yes in the same price range, please. Include reference number.
What area are you looking to stay in ?
I would like something in the area of the acorn guest house.
Okay I was able to get you into the [Archway House] and it is also priced moderately. Your reference number is WT39VB7L .
Yes thank you that is all I need.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful week at Archway and please contact me if you need anything else.


Need a cheap place to eat at at the centre.
Dojo Noodle bar seems nice. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I would prefer [italian] food. Do you show something cheap in the center?
How about [pizza hut city centre]?
That sounds good. Can you set aside a table for 4 at [14:45] on Thursday?
Certainly. I have made that reservation for 4 and the reference number is P79A65W8 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for information on [Autumn House]. I believe it is a hotel.
The autumn house is a guest house it's in the cheap price range however has a 4 star rating. It also offers internet and parking.
What is their phone number?
01223575122. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, that would be great.
What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying for how many nights?
I'd like Thursday for 4 people, please.
How many days would you like to stay?
You know what, I haven't fully decided yet. I've got their number, I can call later if I need to get a reservation. Thanks for all your help.
You're welcome. Please call back when I can assist you.


I'm needing to find a taxi. I need to leave after [13:00] and I'm leaving the [pizza hut fen ditton].
Happy to help! Where will you be traveling to?
I'm going to [thanh binh].
Great. You are booked with a black volkswagen.
I need the contact number please.
Certainly. The contact number is 07590243712. Can I help you with anything else?
No.thats all I need. Thanks!
You're more than welcome!


Are there any colleges I can visit in the center of town?
There are 13 options. Ten of these colleges are free to enter.
Great! I'll take any of the free ones you have, but can I please have the phone number and the postcode for it?
How about pembroke college? It's number is 01223331100 and post code is cb21st
I also need a train to Cambridge, arrive by [21:45].
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Birmingham New Street, and need to leave on Monday.
The closest arrival I have to that is TR1404 which arrives by 21:23. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the departure time?
The departure time is 18:40. Would you like for me to book it?
No booking needed. I have everything I need. Thank you and have a nice day.
Have a nice day to you as well.


I am looking for places to go in a boat in the Cambridge area. Can you help me?
Sure, we have 4 different boat attractions here in Cambridge. What part of town will you be in?
Any part of town would be fine, can I just get the postcode of one?
Absolutely. The postcode for Camboats is cb58sx, located East of Cambridge.
I'm also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge and arriving by [15:15].
Where are you traveling to please?
I would like to go to peterborough.
Awesome. And for what day will that be for?
Traveling to peterborough will be on Monday.
TR2586 arrives by 14:56. Would you like to book it?
Can you tell me the departure time as well as the travel time of the train?
The train leaves at 14:06 and will arrive at the destination in 50 minutes
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for now.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I am planning your trip in Cambridge. I need a train,The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on sunday
I can help you with that. Do you have a time preference?
Yes I need to arrive by [14:30].
I have train TR9644 arriving by 14:23,is that good for you?
Yes could you please book it for me and get me a reference number?
How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket please.
I have 1 ticket booked on TR9644. The cost is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is CFPQ0W33 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive hotel in the city centre.
Sure! Would you like to stay at the Gonville Hotel (3 stars), or the University Arms Hotel (4 stars)? Both have parking and internet.
Lets go with [university arms], please book me for 1 person, 4 nights on sunday.
All set, the reference number is IFHSYRZN, any other questions today?
Which ever one you recommend. I'll need it booked for 1 person, Sunday, 3 nights please.
You're all set! Your reference number is IFHSYRZN
Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day.


Howdy! I'm craving some cheap [Italian] food, you got any place like that?
Yes I recommend [zizzi cambridge]. It's in the centre of town.
I would like to book it on Wednesday, for 7 people at [19:00].
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 5D5KCZ65 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also interested in things to do in the centre area. Can you make some suggestions?
Do you have a certain type of attraction you would like?
I'm actually open to anything to recommend as long as its in the centre
We have a lot of architecture in the centre. Holy trinity church and old schools are very nice.
What is [old schools]? And is there an entrance fee?
Old Schools is an architecture attraction in the centre area of town. It is free!
That sounds perfect! I think that's all I need for today. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our system today!


I'm looking for a 2 star hotel.
Ok I found 33 hotels that fit your criteria of 2 stars they can range in price and options based on what you want.
I understand. I'd like a hotel that offers free parking and wifi, please.
Okay the [Ashley Hotel] is in the North. Can I book that for you?
Yes please book that for 7 people for 2 nights starting saturday.
Booking is successful. The address is 74 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41er. Reference number is: CEJP5INC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for the restaurant called [Charlie Chan], can you help me with this?
It's a chinese restaurant located at Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book it?
entrance fee, address, and phone number
Will I can't tell you what the check for your food is going to be, but there address is regent st city centre phone is 01223361763.
Thanks. Can you book it for 7 people at [17:45] on Saturday please.
No I am sorry another day perhaps?
Are there similar times available on Saturday?
I was able to book your table at 17:45 on Saturday for 7 people. The reference number is GYXORI7Z .
Thank you. That will be all.
I certainly hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [unusual] food in the centre.
Unfortunately, I don't have any places that offer unusual food in the centre of town. Can I try a different area or type of cuisine for you?
What moderately priced restaurants are there?
[The Oak Bistro] is an excellent moderately priced restaurant located at 6 Lensfield Road. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book that for me.
Certainly. I just need to know the number of guests and the date and time that you would like me to book it for.
No but could I get the postcode, address, and phone number?
Sure, the address is 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg. You can reach the Oak Bistro at 01223323361. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
i would like a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a museum. Which one is your favorite?
I would recommend the primavera, located at 10 king s parade. There is no entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
I need the postcode for the museum also. And I need to book a taxi from The Oak Bistro to the [Primavera], I'd like to leave the restaurant by [07:45].
I will work on getting this booked for you.
Okay did you book it? I need the contact number and car type.
The post code for the museum is cb21sj. Please give me a moment to complete your taxi booking.
Okay. Once you're done, can I have the contact number and car type?
Yes of course, Please give me a few moments as I get this information.
Oh wait, before you book that. I am rethinking my restaurant choice. I need British food. Does Oak Bistro serve British food?
Yes, [the Oak Bistro] serves British Food.
Perfect, I'd love to have a British breakfast. Have you been able to book the taxi yet?
Yes, it's complete. The car type is a red Audi and contact number is 07084740824.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! Please call us again if we can help you further.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [mediterranean] food.
There are 3 choices do you want cheap or expensive? I can book one for you if you'd like.
Any in the town centre?
Yes, all 3 are in the town center. Would the gardenia work for you?
I definitely want someplace expensive. Does the Gardenia fit that description?
No that's the cheaper choice, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant are both in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for seven people on Thursday at [15:00]?
Would you like a table at La Mimosa or Shiraz?
I'll try [Shiraz].
I am sorry that was unsuccessful. Would you like book another day or time?
How about [14:00] on the same day?
I can check on that for you. Yes, I was able to get your reservation set up for 14:00 for 7 on Thursday. Your reference number is O8HA0MSF .
Thanks. I'd also like to find an interesting attraction in the same area as our restaurant.
Would you be interested in checking out some neat architecture? There are lots of church's in town, many of them are free to visit.
Yes, one of those would be fun. Can you get me their postcode and phone number?
Alright, the address to the [Holy Trinity church] is market street, postcode cb23nz, phone number 01223355397
That sounds like a great suggestion. Thank you for your help today. Bye.
Can I assist you with anything else or will that be all for you today?


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the east.
Pizza hut fen ditton matches your description.
Uh, no pizza hut's please. Something more classy please.
Unfortunately, there are no other Italian restaurants in the east. Would you like me to find you one in another area?
Is the [pizza hut] in the moderate price range?
Yes, it is. Should I book it for you?
I guess it'll have to do. Can you book us a table for 2 on Wednesday at [14:00] please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : H4BTTI6P .
Thanks so much! Can you help me with train tickets too?
Absolutely! To start, let me get more details. What are your desired departure and arrival cities?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.
It looks like there are hourly trains starting at 5:09. Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
Yes, I'd like to book the train for Wednesday and I want to arrive in Cambridge by [08:30].
Will you train arriving at 07:54 work ok for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people please.
I've successfully booked 2 tickets for you, the reference number is 9FE8N16G .
Thanks for the help.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, Please give me a 3 star guesthouse hotel
Thank you, do you have a preference in area?
I need a hotel in the Cambridge area.
I have three 3-star guesthouse type hotels in Cambridge. They are in the south, north, and west areas. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference
How about hamilton lodge in the north?
i would like to book [hamilton lodge] for 7 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday
I'm sorry, it looks like there is no availability for those criteria, would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights?
Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Hamilton Lodge with reference number IKIEEZT3 . Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to eat. Can you find a moderately priced restaurant that serves [Turkish] food?
I have found two restaurants in the centre of town that serve turkish food. Would you like me to book a reservation at one of them?
Could you give me the phone number and address?
Did you want the anatolia or efes restaurant?
Would you provide me the phone number for the Anatolia restaurant please.
[Anatolia's] phone number is 01223362372.
Great! can you book me a car from the restaurant to the hotel?
Of course, is there a specific time you'd like to leave the restaurant, or a time you want to arrive at the hotel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [9:45].
I have confirmed your taxi leaving Anatolia at 9:45, a red volkswagen will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07212861287. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, no that is all I will need.
I hope I have been helpful, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Could you help me find a place to stay on my upcoming trip?
Absolutely! What area will you be staying in?
I'll be in the east. I need free wifi and free parking. I'd prefer something 4 star.
There are 5 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a specific price range?
No that is not an issue. Could I get their phone number of one you recommend.
Might I suggest The autumn house? The phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you. I also need a train from Birmingham new street on Sunday.
Did you have a time you would like to arrive or leave?
Yes, I need to leave by 17:00.
Do you have a specific arrival time you need.
The train should leave after [20:30] and should go to cambridge.
Train TR2274 leaves Birmingham New Street at 20:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 23:23. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?
163 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time, Thank you.
Have a nice day.


I need to find a 4 star hotel in the north
I found several guesthouses. There are many in the moderate price range, and one in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
A moderate price range is fine and I need it to have free parking as well.
How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It's moderately priced and has free parking.
Yes please book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting monday for me.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is DXD1MDA6 .
I'm also interested in finding a good [Chinese] food place near the hotel. Can you help me find one?
There are three choices. Hakka and the hotpot which is expensive and golden wok which is moderate, do you have a preference?
I'll take [Hakka]. Can you book me a table on Monday at [15:00] for 4 people?
I've reserved your table at [Hakka] on Monday, [15:00], for 4 people. Your reference number is K6D87RRX . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant and back to the hotel.
You are booked to arrive at the restaurant by three, look for a blue ford, the driver can be contacted by phone at 07232608741
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay, have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.
We have lots of those! Is there a particular type of food you'd like?
not really but i need it for 3 people
I recommend [La Raza] - fantastic (and cheap!) Spanish cuisine. I'd be happy to book a table for you, if you like.
Yes for 3 at [14:45] wednesday, can I get the reference number too please
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IBTN1DDC .
Thanks. I also need a cheap place to stay in the center.
That gives you two options. Both are guesthouses. Both offer free parking and free wifi. The Alexander B&B is 4 star rated. The El Shaddai has a 0 rating.
What is the price of the [Alexander]?
It is a cheap place.
ok, i need to book it for the same day.
Okay for how many nights and how many people?
3 nights, 3 people, please.
You are all booked for the [alexander bed and breakfast]! Your reference number is 66XCD1XW . Is there anything else you need?
I would like a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I would like to arrive by [14:45]. I would like the contact number and car type.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The car type is blue Lexus. The contact number is 07881581074.
Okay thank you,that's all I need for now.
Thank you for using our service today.
Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day.
You have a wonderful day as well and again, thank you!
You're very welcome! Bye!


Hello, I'm looking for an inexpensive hotel to stay in while I'm in Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse type of room please.
I have several throughout the city. Is there any location you would prefer it in?
No, but I want free parking.
Great. I have 9 available that offer free parking. Is there a star rating you'd prefer?
I'd prefer one with at least a 2 star rating. I'd also like one with internet.
There are no 2 star hotels available.
No star rating. I just need it to be a guesthouse, cheap, free parking and if they have internet.
Okay I'll need some more information to book that for you. How many people, for how long and when please?
I'm not ready to book just yet. Do any have internet?
How about the [alexander bed and breakfast]. And has free parking and free wifi.
That sounds fine. I'm also looking for something to do in the west part of town. Got any recommendations?
we have lovely college's in the west, clare hall is one of my favorites!
Ok, let's try [Clare Hall]. What's the address and postcode?
Clare Hall is located on Herschel Road and has the postcode CB39AL. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hi. I need to book a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me?
There are 21 guesthouses which offer free parking. Which area do you prefer to stay in?
I am open to any area, but the hotel should definitely have only 1 star.
I was unable to find a 1 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to up the stars?
How about 4 stars?
I found quite a few that meet that criteria. How about the [archway house]?
That is fine. Can I have the phone number and the area that the guesthouse is in?
How about the Archway House which is a guesthouse in the north and their phone number is 01223575314. I can book it for you if you would like.
That's OK, I'll do it later. Can you tell me if there are any trains departing Cambridge on Tuesday?
Yes there are many trains leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge. What is your destination and the time you would like to arrive?
It should leave after [9:15] and go to Norwich.
The first available train after your preferred time is TR9942 with a departure time of 09:36 and an arrival time of 10:55. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Not right now but can I get the travel time on that?
It's a 79 minute trip, and the fare is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that is all the information I need currently.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


Can you help me find a train? I am looking for that departs from Cambridge on Saturday.
There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Can you give me a destination point so that I can narrow it down for you?
I would like to go to Birmingham New Street and the train should leave after [14:15].
The TR3735 leaves at 15:01, will that suit you?
That would be great. Can you get me 7 tickets on that train?
Alright, you booking was successful, your confirmation number is KU1R7NQO .
Ok. Is that also the reference number? Thanks.
That's correct, the number I gave you was the reference number you'll need. You'll need to pay 420.56 GBP when you get to the station. Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you very much.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Have a night day.
Thank you. You have a night day as well.


Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [Welsh] food. Can you help me?
no information found
How about [Portuguese] food? I don't care about the price range.
which area of town would you prefer?
Portuguese food in any area
There are two restaurants serving portuguese food. Nandos in the South and Nandos in City Center. Would you like further information on either of those?
Could you give me the phone number and address of the [Nandos] in City Center?
Nandos can be found at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street and can be reached at 01223 327908. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks, that is all. Goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge on a train. I want to leave form bishops stortford...can you help me with that?
Of course, there are many trains on that route. What day would you like to travel, and is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to travel on Saturday, arriving at [8:00].
I only have one train that will meet your needs. Train TR6163 will depart at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No need to book it for me. I can do that. But can you tell me the travel time in minutes?
36 MINUTES
I am also looking for a attraction called [queens' college], can you get me information on that?
Sure the phone number is 01223335511. It is on silver street and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great. And what is the postcode? And attraction type?
The postcode is cb39et and it is a college. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.
You're welcome. I hope you have a great day! Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with 4 stars.
Hi, i have many place to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse type with free wifi please. Also the area and address please.
I found the Leverton House which meets your requirements. It is in the east at 732-734 newmarket road. Do you need a reservation?
No, I'll wait on that for now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Glad to have been of assistance. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday that departs after 14:30.
I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the train?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to kings lynn on friday. I'll be traveling after [14:30].
TR3057 will be departing cambridge at 15:11 on Friday, arriving kings lynn by 15:58. Would you like to reserve a seat for this train?
Yes please I would like to book it for 6 people please.
That is 6 tickets at 9.80 pounds each for a total of 58.8 GBP. Your reference number is Q1ULPR62 . Can I help you with anything else today
Yes, I am also looking for information on a restaurant called [Tang Chinese].
Yes that is a expensive chinese place located in the centre. Did you need the address or phone number?
Can you book me a table for 6 on Friday at [11:45]?
Your table for six on Friday is reserved, and your confirmation number is FZ5B6DZ5 .
Thank you so much for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.
Glad to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!


Hi. Could you help me find a hotel for my trip?
Absolutely, I would love to help you with that! Do you have a specific area of town or a specific price point that you would like?
I would like a 4-star hotel in the north area. Oh, and no free parking. I'm concerned about safety when people park their cars next to the hotel!
The Avalon Guesthouse is in a very safe neighborhood in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
I have not decided yet.
Well that's ok we can book it later if you want. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I do believe I would like to book the [Avalon] Guesthouse. Can you help me with this?
Of course I'd be happy to. How many people, when, and for how many days?
for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Monday
You and your party are booked at the Avalon. Your reference number A7T5CV0X . Can I help with anything else
I am also looking for a nice theatre to visit in the centre of town.
We have 4 available for you. The [ADC Theatre] is nice. Would you like more information about it or the others?
Yeah, could I get its address?
ADC Theater is located on Park Street in postcode cb58as. Is there anything else you need?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay and visit to the theatre.


I need a place to stay. Find me a hotel with free wifi.
Boom!! We have [gonville hotel]. Need me to book a room?
That would be great, do you know what the price range is?
The Gonville is expensive.
Does that have a 5 star rating?
No, only 3 stars.
I was hoping for something with at least 4 stars.
I have 3 hotels that meet that criteria. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and free internet. I have 2 in the west and 1 in the centre.
I want to book for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.
I'll be more than happy to help you book a room as soon as you tell me what part of town you prefer.
I don't have a preference for side of town.
[Huntingdon marriott hotel] comes highly recommended, shall I book your room there?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Your booking for Sunday at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has been booked. Your reference number is KKV2OAGC .
Great I also need a train please.
Can you tell me your departure and destination locations please?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne after [20:00] on monday.
There's a train at 20:01 that will get you to Broxbourne at 21:01. Would you like to book passage?
Yes, two tickets please
Great, you're all set. Your reference number is : LEX7I9AY . Anything else I can help with today?
No thanks. You've been very helpful. Take care. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
There are three matching hotel of that description, do you have a set price range to narrow down the options?
I would also like free parking
[Huntingdon marriott hotel] is available, would you like to try that?
What is their address?
The address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, postcode pe296fl.
Ok great. I need to get a train ticket going too kings lynn on friday. Can you help me?
Looks like there are 19 trains leaving that day. Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I need a train that leaves afer [21:15] and departs from cambridge.
Train TR0394 leaves at 22:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for just myself please.
You are all set. Reference KKPNSQA3 . The total fee is 9.80 pounds which is payable at the station. Anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That's all I needed. Good bye.
Have a great day.


Hi. Can you help me find a train?
Where would you like to go to?
I will be going to Londons Kings Crossing.
Sure, just let me get a little more information. Where are you departing from and when did you want the booking for?
I need to leave friday after [16:15] from cambridge.
TR6628 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51 at london kings cross, does this suit your needs?
That sounds great, I'll need 4 seats please and a reference number.
I've booked that for you. Your reference number is O4BRX03O and you'll owe 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Yes, please. I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the east. Price range doesn't matter.
What area would you like to be in?
I want to eat in the East.
Okay, there is one that matches. It's the [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton]. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at this time but can I please get their postcode?
Of course, the postcode is cb58wr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will do it. Thank you and goodbye!
Have a good visit.


I am looking for a train going to Cambridge after [12:15]
Where will you be departing from and what time do you want to arrive in Cambridge?
I will be leaving on Sunday from london liverpool street. I just need to leave after 12:15.
The train closest to the time when you can depart leaves London Liverpool Street on Sunday that 13:39. Would you like to book it?
What is the price? I'd like to book.
It is 13.28 per seat. How many tickets did you need?
Just 1 ticket please, and I am also looking for a cheap restaurant located in the west, can you help me find one?
I have successfully booked you a train on train #TR6578. Would you like a reference number?
No, I need a cheap restaurant located in the west that serves [Vietnamese] food.
The [thanh binh] restaurant is in the west and serves vietnamese food. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation that evening at [8:00 p.m.]
Great! How many people will you need to book the reservation for at Thanh Binh?
I would like you to book it for 1 person. Thank you.
I am having a problem booking your reservation. There phone number is 01223362456. If you call back in awhile, we can try booking the reservation again.
Could you find another cheap Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town?
I'm sorry thanh binh is the only restaurant serving vietnamese food in the west in the cheap price range. Would you like to try a different time?
I don't need a reservation. Just the postcode, address, and phone number for Thanh Binh, please. Thank you.
The postcode is cb30af, the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223362456. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [Indian] food located in the centre.
Sure, there are several Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
Could you get me a table for Sunday at someplace nice? There will be 8 in my party and we'd like to eat at [17:30].
I've successfully made a booking at [Curry Garden]! This is your reservation number PCMH26UY . How else may I assist you?
That should do it for today. Thanks a lot. Have a good day.
Thank you and have a nice time at Curry Garden!


Are there any museums in the centre?
We have 11 museums of various types, did you want more information on any of them?
Yes, I want to know about ones close to the center of town.
There are 11 museums close to the center of town. Are you looking for an art museum, a gallery, or another type of museum?
Can you give me the address to one of the art museums, please?
Sure. The [cambridge contemporary art museum] is at 6 trinity street.
Thanks. Are there any cheap [Indian] restaurants near there?
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the Centre, Kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like more information one of them?
I would like more information on [the gandhi]. Thank you.
The Gandhi is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre. It is located at 72 Regent Street City Street. Their postcode is cb21dp. Their phone number is 0122335942.
Okay. Can we book a table there on Thursday at [18:00]. It will be 5 people.
I will book that table for you now.
Thanks. Can I get a reference number?
Table for 5 on Thursday at 18:00. They will only hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : C5FO3HZF .
I also need to book a taxi to get me there by [18:00] from the hotel.
What hotel are you staying at? Or do you need help booking a hotel as well?
I'm sorry. I meant I will need a taxi from the [cambridge contemporary art] museum to [the Gandhi] in time for the reservation.
A red Skoda will get you there in time. Contact # 07625450117.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Thank you! Have a nice day!


I aM looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should leave after [12:30].
There are a number of trains that could work for you. Do you have a time you'd like to arrive by? Or a day of the week you'd like to travel?
I'm headed to Cambridge on Tuesday.
Train TR7307 leaves Peterborough at 12:48 Tuesday, and will arrive at Cambridge by 13:38. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't want to book yet but could you tell me the travel time?
should i book for you?
No I JUST told you I only want the travel time!
Train TR7307 Leaves at 12:48 and arrives by 13:38. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No that's it. Thanks.
Alright then, thanks for calling & have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse to say at.
I am sorry there are no guesthouse in the expensive range. Would you like to try a hotel instead?
Do you have a hotel with free parking?
Unfortunately there is no expensive hotel with free parking. Would you like me to search in a different price range?
Can you look at the cheap price range for me please?
We have 9 hotels to choose from. Is there a particular amount of stars you're looking for, or location?
I need a cheap hotel for 6 people on wednesday for 3 nights please.
[Allenbell] guesthouse is available. It's in the cheap price range and has free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights from Wednesday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall I try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Good news! I got you into [Autumn House] instead and you still have free parking and a cheap price for your stay. Your reference number is E3MXBFLL .
Perfect! Thank you for your help.
The address of Autumn House is 710 newmarket road, and the phone number 01223575122.
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Have a good day.
Awesome. Happy to help. Good-Bye!


I need a train leaving from stansted airport.
Sure, what date and time would you like to travel?
Sunday I can leave any time after [11:30].
The first train out after 11:30 leaves at 12:24. It arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes I will need it for 7 people.
You're all set! The fee is 56.56 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is VWI4PRFE . Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre of town.
I have lots to do in the center like, colleges, theater, cinema and architecture. Any preferences?
We would like to enjoy some entertainment. Can you suggest something of this type?
There are clubs,can you ive me a idea of what you like ?
Is there a park?
The Cambridge university botanic gardens are lovely this time of year. The gardens are located on Bateman street. Do you want more information?
No that's actually everything I needed. Thank you, goodbye!
You're very welcome. Thank you and have a lovely day.


Are there any [Mexican] restaurants in the centre?
Sorry no, there are no Mexican restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to check another area?
Sure. I would be interested in [Indian] restaurants also.
[Curry Garden] is in that part of town and they serve Indian food.
Please book this for 7 people, at [18:00] on Sunday.
Unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on Sunday. Would another date or time work for you?
Try [17:00] on Sunday.
Of course. You're booked at 17:00 with reference number TTP6GYCJ . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I assist with anything else?
No, that'll do it! Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.


I'm looking for places to go to view architecture in Centre.
I found Old Schools on Trinity Ln, postcode cb21tt. Entrance is free. Would you like to go there?
No, That's all. Goodbye!
OK. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
I forgot. Do you have information about [Don Pasquale Pizzeria]?
Yes they serve Italian food in the centre of town and in the expensive price range.
That's the one! Can you give me their address and postcode, please?
cb23nj, post code , 12 Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?


Hi I am looking to go to a museum in town please.
We offer 23 museums. Any location preferences?
Not really. Can you just tell me your favorite and let me know how it will be for me to get in? Oh, and the postcode, for my GPS.
Sure. Cafe Jello Gallery is my personal favorite. The postcode is cb30af. It is free to get in.
Great, thank you!
You're welcome! Glad to help.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
No, but I do need some information on the [Ruskin Gallery].
its address is anglia ruskin university, east road and it has a free entry
what is their postcode and phone number?
Their postcode is cb11pt and phone number is 0124549131
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train leaving on wednesday and arrive at [12:00]
Can you please tell me your departure and destination locations?
I will leaving Norwich and going to Cambridge.
The TR1180 will leave Norwich for Cambridge Wednesday at 09:16 and arrive at 10:35. The cost of the train is 17.60 lbs. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, Can you please tell me the travel time?
the trip is 79 minutes long
Thank you. Will the train provide any snacks or a meal?
I am sorry but we are not given that information in our systems, you will have to ask when you arrive.
Thank you so much!
you are so welcome
That is all I need today. thank you.
you are very welcome
Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ phone number 01223245151. Is there any department that I can book for you?
No thank you. I think I got it from here.
Alright, have a wonderful day!


I need a place to eat that is cheap.
Does location matter?
Yes, in the South, I am also looking for [Romanian] food.
There are no restaurants that meet what you're looking for. Is there anything else you'd like to try?
Same area and price, but [portuguese], anything for that?
Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
Can you try [chinese]?
Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
You choose as long as it is cheap. Could you book a table for 7 people at [15:45] on Wednesday?
You are booked at [Nando's], a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south. Your reference number is ZS1PDFZA .
Are there any museums close to restaurant?
I found only the Byard Art musuem in the south. There's no entry fee. Phone number, 01223464646.
What is the address for the museum?
it is in the north address is 14 king's parade and free admittance
Great! Thanks. Have a good night. Bye.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Hi, I need to spend some time in the town centre. Any interesting sights there?
We have a lot of things to see, did you have a certain type in mind?
Nothing in particular. Can you give a recommendation?
If your're in to architecture, you should see Old Schools. It is located on Trinity Lane and entrance is free.
Could I get the phone number for [old schools] please?
The number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street to arrive [18:15].
What day and time would you like to leave?
I would be traveling on Thursday. I need to arrive by 18:15.
TR8126 arrives at 17:44 would that work for you?
What is the train ID and price please?
The train id is TR8126.
thank you I got all I need now
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need a place to stay located in North Cambridge that has free parking.
I have 8 guesthouses and 2 hotels in that area with free parking. Do you have a price range or rating in mind?
Yes, I would like a 3 star guesthoise please.
[hamilton lodge] suits all your description
Okay, please book that 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
I have made those reservations for you your reference number is G3PHR3FO .
I am also looking for a good restaurant in the same north part of town.
There are many good restaurants in that area. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range please.
There is a Chinese and an Indian moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book one?
Can you tell me the address for the Chinese restaurant
The address for the [Chinese] restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a taxi. I want to depart the hotel at [06:30] and go to [the restaurant]. Give me car type and contact info
A red skoda will be arriving to take you to the [Golden Wok]. The contact number is 07740908114. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Alright, have a nice day!


Can you tell me if there's a concerthall in the city center?
There's a place called [the Man on the Moon] that is a great concert hall. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street. Postcode is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223474144.
What is the entrance fee?
I do not have information on their entrance fee, I'm sorry.
Ok, well thanks anyway. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town also? I prefer something moderately priced.
Sure thing, what kind of food would you like. I have several options?
I'm not too picky on what kind of food as long as it is good. Can you make a few suggestions please?
Lan Hong House is Chinese food, Galleria is European style food and the Varsity Restaurant is international dining. Do any of these interest you?
[Galleria] sounds good. Could I get the postcode for that please?
sure, the postcode is cb21uw
Thank you, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Okay. Can you tell me the departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave the man on the moon by [04:45], can you set that up for me?
You got it! I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow ford with the contact number 07730485057
Thanks. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
enjoy your stay!


I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.
Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.
Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after [14:45].
What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.
I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.
Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.


Hello, I'd like some information on a train today.
Sure thing! What is your point of departure and where would you be heading to?
I would like to depart on Saturday from Stevenage and arrive in Cambridge by [15:30].
What time are you looking to leave?
11 pm would be a time I need to leave
Okay, we have one leaving at [13:54] on Saturday, TR6607. Do you need any more information? Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please! I'd like 4 tickets on that train.
Reference number is : JUMNQW3V . Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the address of a restaurant, [taj tandoori].
It's located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, cb17aa. Would you like a reservation?
What area of town is that in?
it is located in the south.
That would be all for today.
Have a nice day and thank you for calling.


Where is the closest police station located?
The closest police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Could I have the postcode please?
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Take their phone number just in case: 01223358966. Anything else?
Thanks that is all. Goodbye.
Have a nice day, farewell.


I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.
Ok, there are 19 in town. Is there a particular part of town you're interested in?
No particular area but I would like it to be a hotel type in the moderate price range.
I would suggest [acorn guest house] would you like me to book this for you?
I think I'll take a drive past first and make sure it doesn't look dodgy. Can you give me the address please?
The address is 154 chesterton road. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I am all set.
Can I get you set up in a room then?
Yes. 7 people 5 nights from Wednesday.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 5D2U451A . What else can I do for you?
I was also interested in finding a place to go in town to see some architecture.
we have quite a few olds schools is great, alot of people go there
What is the entrance fee there?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to book a taxi to commute between [Olds Schools] and the hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by [22:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow honda Contact number : 07785353163 Can I help with anything else today?
that is all for today. thanks for the help
thanks and enjoy your stay


I was hoping to relax and visit a park while in cambridge.
I found 5 great parks to visit. There are two on the south side, one on the north, one on the east and one in the centre of town.
Great! Can you provide addresses and entrance fees?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are in the centre of town, located on Bateman Street, with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other four parks have free entry.
Okay great i will go for the [University Botanic gardens]. Can you also assist me to look up the [Carolina bed and Breakfast] address and availability?
I sure can. When were you hoping to stay there?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday
Done. Your reference number is DCLQRJ5I . Would you like anything else?
No. Thank you. That is all.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Have a good day
You too thank you and bye.


Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive [asian oriental] restaurant. Can you help me find one?
Saigon city is in the north of town and [Kymmoy] is in the center.
Could you book one of them for Thursday at [13:15] for 5 people? Thanks
I have booked you a table for 5 at Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City. Reference number 1BBUM6YN . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a [Belgian] food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?
There are no Belgian places in Centre at this time. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Yes. Please try [European] food in the Centre.
we dont have a place that matches those qualities. can you try something else?
What restaurants are located in the centre?
There are many can I get a price range you are looking for?
I am not concerned with price.
Can I interest you in a moderately priced restaurant called [Yippee Noodle Bar], an Asian Oriental restaurant in the city centre?
Yes that would be fine. Please make reservations for 8 people at [11:15] on wednesday.
I have booked you for 8 people at 11:15 on Wednesday at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is: TCLMEX5I
I'm also wanting to stay at the [Alpha-Milton Guest House]. Can you help with that?
Sure thing would you like a reservation?
Yes. Three nights, from Wednesday. 8 people.
Good news, the booking of the hotel was successful, and the Reference number is : V3PB9S6V .
Thank you. I also need a taxi two commute between the hotel and restaurant.
Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for our reservation. Wouldn't want to miss my booked time.
Okay, was there a specific time you were looking for?
Our reservations are for 11:15.
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07375849542 and it will be a grey Volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a good night. Bye.
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?
sure, i have six you can choose from
Do you have one in the north with free wifi?
hamilton lodge is in the north and has free wifi. Want me to book?
Is [Hamilton Lodge] a hotel or guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 6 people?
Absolutely! What day were you needing to stay?
I need 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
Your booking was successful and your reference number is JZM3JY4X .
ok, now i need a train.
What is your departure site and your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to london liverpool street
What day and time are you thinking of leaving?
The train should leave after [08:45] and should leave on saturday. I will need a arrival time and price
The earliest train departs at 9:59 and arrives at 11:27 , the price is 13.28 pounds. Do you want me to book this for you?
I just needed that information, thank you for your help today.
No problem, have a wonderful day!


I need a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No thank you. I think I have everything.
Great! Hope you have a better day.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Good bye now!


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
I have about 44 attractions to choose from in the centre. Can you tell me what type of attraction you are looking for?
Maybe a museum would be nice. I am not sure.
I have 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free. Do you have a type of museum in mind?
Can you just choose one for me and give me the phone number?
Primavera is in the centre at 10 King s parade. Admission is free. Can I get you a train or taxi as well?
Can you give me the phone number for [Primavera]?
Certainly! Phone number is 01223357708. Would you be interested in any restaurants or hotels while there?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south with free parking. Could you help me?
Please tell me your price range and hotel star rating preference.
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and price no more then 125 a night.
I have 2 guest house.One is in the moderate price range and the other is cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
There are no expensive hotels with 4 stars in the south with free parking? I'll take cheap if there aren't, but I need the address and phone number, please.
I have [rosa's] bed and breakfast. It is in the south and cheap with 4 stars.
That sounds fine. Can you provide the phone number and address? And, is that considered a hotel or a guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse and the address is 53 roseford road. The phone number is cb22ha.
I'm sorry, can you provide that phone number again? I got a post code.
The phone number for rosa's bed and breakfast is 01223512596


Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I need something cheaply priced.
We have 9 guesthouses that match your search. Would you like to narrow it down?
I don't care as long as it's a guesthouse located in the north for cheap.
May i suggest the [Worth House]? It is a cheap, 4 star hotel in northern Cambridge.
That's fine. Can I book it on monday for 4 nights for 7 people?
I'm sorry. It looks like the guesthouse can't be booked for your stay. There's a 0 star guesthouse also in the north. Would you like me to look there?
Can you try booking again for 3 nights instead of 4?
Your booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is KLPEPNED . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Are there any cheap restaurants near the hotel as well?
Just to clarify, are you looking for a cheap restaurant in the north area of town?
Yes. This restaurant should serve [swiss] food too.
I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the north side of town. Is there a different food choice you would like to try?
I see. Hmm. What about [Indian]?
How about the [Royal Spice], it's a cheap Indian place in the north part of town.
Thank you, please provide the address and the postcode.
No problem, address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant. I would like to arrive by [17:30].
Ok, I've booked your taxi from Worth House to Royal Spice. You will arrive by 17:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would like a contact number and car type please for my booking.
Sure expect a grey Volkswagen to pick you up and the contact number is 07554509101. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the maximum passenger accommodation of the Volkswagen? There will be 7 of us going to dinner.
The model of the car was not given, so I am not sure, your best bet is to call the taxi company to make sure the vehicle can fit 7 passengers.
Sounds like a plan. Thank you for all of the help!
You are welcome! Enjoy your time here.


I am looking for a cheap [gastropub] restaurant in the centre of town
I was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements.
How about something in the south and moderate price range?
I'm still not finding anything. Would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type?
Sure let's try [chinese] food.
There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: Charlie Chan, Rice House, or Golden House. Would you like me to book any of these?
I'll take Rice House, what's the postcode?
It's cb12bd. Anything else I can get you?
That's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Yes, I'm going to need a train on Sunday.
There are 404 trains departing on Sunday. Can you give me a departure point and a destination point, please?
i want to go from norwich to cambridge
Is there a certain time you would like to leave Norwich by?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by [14:15].
I have eight trains arriving by then, how many passengers?
I need a booking for two passengers.
Booked, Your reference number is 845YKY14 . You pay 28.16 at the station. You will leave at 12:16 and arrive at 13:35. Trainid: TR5225.
Great. thank you that is all I needed.
Glad I could be of assistance. enjoy your journey. Do not hesitate to call if you need us again.


Hello. I'm looking for a museum to visit while I am in Cambridge.
there are several museums in Cambridge, which area would you like? there is broughton house gallery, cambridge artworks and several others. any preference?
I would like someplace in the center of town, please.
I'd recommend the [broughton house gallery] on 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Please give me their postcode too.
Sure. Postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a Hotel named [Worth House].
Sure, its in the north, is rated 4 stars and is located at 152 chesterton road. Is there anything else? Do you want me to book it?
Does that hotel have free parking? What price range is it in?
The hotel is in the cheap price range and does come with parking. Would you like a reservation?
could I have the phone number please
Sure, it is 01223316074. Anything else you need?
Can you help me book a taxi between the [Broughton House Gallery] and the hotel? I want to leave the Gallery by [20:15]
I have booked a taxi for you, it is a white lexus and you can contact them with the number 07850136314. Did you need anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you! Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


yes I need information on how to proceed with a car accident dispute
I would recommend beginning by calling or visiting the police, if you have not already. The local station may be reached by phone at 01223358966.
Where is this police station located?
Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG there you go
Thanks. I won't need anything more.
Thank you for using our services.
Ok, I guess this is the end of the conversation, thanks again.
You're welcome. Bye bye now.


I am looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a park that is in the east.
[Cherry Hinton Water Play] is in the east side. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Please get me their address, phone number and their entrance fee.
The park is located at Cherry hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100 and is free to enter. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Jamaican] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no Jamaican restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. We do have plenty of expensive restaurants, though, so I could find you a different cuisine.
That is fine, how about a restaurant that serves [Asian oriental] food?
There are two expensive Asian oriental restaurants in Cambridge, one in the north and the other in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Let's try [the one in the north]. I'd like to book a table for 4 at [19:00] on Wednesday, please.
I'm sorry, there were no more tables available. Would you like to try the other restaurant, or a different time?
I would like to try [the other o[riental restaurant]] for the same time 19:00 for party of 4.
I'm very sorry, neither of these restaurants have availability at that time on Wednesday. Would you like to try another time/day?
Can any of them do a time at [1[8:00]]? I'll also need a taxi to travel inbetween two locations.
Your booking for [K[ymmoy restaurant]] was successful and your reference number is 5IFCHKNS . The information for you taxi is a Grey Tesla and its contact number is 07674543654.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I want to find out more about places to dine in the city centre that serve [asian] cuisine.
we have 4 options. which is your price range?
I don't really have a price range - I just need a table for 2 at [17:00] on Wednesday. Pick your favorite and let me know!
I booked you a moderately priced restaurant in the city's centre called [Y[ippee Noodle]] Club. Your reference number is 0P6H7PDL . Can I help you further?
No, that's it thank you.
We can also arrange a taxi from your hotel to the restaurant when you are ready, just let us know a hour or so in advance of your reservation on Wednesday.
That's an excellent idea. Could you help me find a hotel in the north?
There are plenty of locations that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by stars, internet, or price range?
The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.
[Acorn Guest House] is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Do they have free parking?
Yes the Acorn Guesthouse has free parking available.
I am also looking for lodging in the expensive price range. Does the Acorn Guesthouse fit this requirement?
Acron guest does meet your requirements would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, I want it booked for 2 people on wednesday for 2 nights
I have that booked and your reference number is BQBO6HOV .
Thanks. Now I'll just need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant, arriving by [17:00]. Please give me car type and contact info
blue volkswagen Contact number:07882720799 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's will do it for now. Thank you
Thank you have a wonderful time in the city centre.


I'm looking for interesting museums in the centre of Cambridge, can you recommend me any?
I recommend the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]
That sounds great! Can I have their address?
They are located at university of cambridge, downing street and there is no entrance fee. Would you like their phone number as well?
Not right now, but thanks. I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after [18:30], though.
Sure thing. Where will you be travelling from and on what day?
I will be departing from Stevanage on Tuesday.
Great! Train TR6913 leaves at 19:54 and arrives by 20:43, with a price of 12.80 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes, it sounds great. Can you book 8 seats for me please?
Your booking was on TR6914 not TR6913. Your reference number is 4L2BQ9VA . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!


Please help me! I've just been robbed!
The telephone number for the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966.
Thank you, could you also provide me the postcode and address?
They are in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you so much, I appreciate your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Goodbye.
Goodbye. I hope the police are able to help you, I'm sorry this happened to you.


I am looking for a college in the centre of cambridge
There are several colleges in the center. May I suggest [Saint Catharine's College]?
OK, that sounds like a good idea. How much does it cost to visit?
The admission is free!
May I have the postcode, please?
Yes, the postcode is cb21rl. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like an expensive [Vietnamese] Restaurant in the Centre.
Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants matching your requirements.
Are there any restaurants that serve [italian] food in the area?
There are 4 available, can i recommend, [stazione restaurant and coffee bar]?
Sure that sounds good. I want to book a table for 2 people at [12:45] on Tuesday.
Reference number is : A4RXHHPX . Is there anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a good day!
You too, thanks for calling!


I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi available.
I found 7 hotels in the east that have free wifi. What is your price range?
It doesn't matter about the price. I would like it to be a guesthouse though, if that's possible.
I have 5 gueshouses. All located in the east. How many am I booking for and when?
Any one would be fine can I get a room for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday?
Booking was unsuccessful at autumn house. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.
Great news! I was able to book you into the [Allenbell] and your reference number is SOPAP2OX .
Thank you! Can you give me the address and the phone number for them?
Yes,. their address is 517a coldham lane and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, I'm all set. Goodbye!
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.


I want to find a place to dine located in the north and moderately priced.
We have two options for you to choose from, would you prefer Chinese or Indian cuisine?
It doesn't matter , please send me an address and postcode for one of them.
Golden Wok Chinese, cb43hlm, 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a hotel called [Autumn House]?
Autumn House is located on 710 newmarket road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just the phone number, thanks!
Their phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I am looking for a hotel called autumn house, do you happen to have their phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223575122
Excellent. That's all I need, thanks!
Have a lovely day!


I'm looking for a college type attraction.
There are 18 colleges I have found, would you prefer one in town centre or in the west?
I would like to visit on in town centre please.
Sure, we have thirteen options, 10 of which are free. May I suggest [king's college], or [hughes hall]?
Okay, may I have their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?
Sure, the post code to king's college is cb21st, the entrance fee is free, and phone number 01223331100
Can you find an [Indian] restaurant for me that is also in the town centre?
Cambridge has 9 options for Indian food in the centre, do you have a specific price range?
Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number of one?
The first result is Curry Garden, postcode is cb21dp, price range is expensive, phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, I'll just give them a call. That's all I needed for now.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!


Yes, I am looking for cheap lodging in town that includes free wifi.
I have two guest houses matching your criteria. City Centre North B and B and [Worth House]. What star rating do you prefer?
I would like a hotel with a star rating of 3.
I'm sorry, but I was unable to find any cheap, three star hotels with wifi. Would you be open to a different star rating?
Do you have anything with a 4 star rating?
The [cambridge belfry] is 4 stars and cheap,would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please and make it for wednesday and for 3 days.
How many people is that booking for?
I will be booking it for 5 people for 2 nights, and I'd actually like it to start from friday.
I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available at that time. Would like to try another hotel?
Yeas please, one in the same price range please.
I only have the Belfry in that star and price range. Would you like to try another combination of stars and price ranges?
How about three stars?
There are none found.
I just need a hotel, cheap range, that is the only criteria I need.
Booking was successful at worth house. It is a guesthouse that is cheap like the cambridge belfry hotel. Reference number is : N8MJX1YX .
Did this have wifi?
Yes it does. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I'm wanting to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help?
There are a few. Does [Primavera] sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds great! Can I get the address for it?
Sure thing, the address is 10 king s parade.
I also need to find a train for Friday. Can you help?
Ok, I am getting the systems up, where will you be going to and arriving from?
I need a train leaving on friday and I want to get there by [21:30]. Leaving broxbourne and going to cambridge
Okay. would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, for eight people, please. And may I please get the reference number for that booking.
I was able to book TR5056, the reference number is G2VTHEIO .
Oh. I'm sorry, I need that booking for 6 people. Can you change that and give me the new referrence number?
Sure your new reservation number for 6 people is EAO8WB62 .
Thank you good bye
I'm glad I could help.


I am looking for theatres to visit in town. Any suggestions?
Yes, there are 5 theatres in town. 4 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for the one in the south?
The phone number for the Junction is 01223511511 and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and has 2 stars.
Would the Ashley Hotel be okay? They are a moderately priced hotel that is located in the north.
Actually, can you find me one that offers free wifi and parking that has a 2-star rating? I prefer the north area still.
Yes, [Ashley hotel] will work for all those specifications.
Awesome! Can I have the address and postcode for that hotel? Thanks!
Certainly, ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I'd like some help finding a train leaving peterborough on tuesday.
Absolutely, do you want to leave or arrive by a certain time?
Leave after [10:15], please.
Unfortunately, there are no trains that leave after 10:15.
Okay what are the available train times?
i have booked you one leaving at 10.19.
OK, is it going to Cambridge? Can I have the reference number please?
there seems to be a break down in communication. Please restate the departure and arrival locations and the day and time.
I need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday, leaving after 10:15.
I have train TR1674 leaving at 10:48 and arriving at 11:38. Would you like to book tickets?
I need to book for one person, I will need the reference number. Also, I need to book a hotel called [Caroline Bed and Breakfast], I need the address.
Okay. Your train booking was successful. You'll owe 16.5 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is X58GNQ74 .
Can you look up a hotel called Carolina bed and breakfast?
I have it right here
Well, thats great. That means you should be able to give me the address
The address is 138 perne road. Would you like to book a room?
No, I just need the address. Thank you.
it is 138 perne road.
Have a nice day.
Thank you, have a wonderful day. Let us know if we can help in any way.


I'm looking for a college to visit, can you help me?
Which area would you like to visit?
Any area is fine. Can you tell me the fee, postcode, and address of your favorite one?
Churchill college in the west is a great place to visit, the address is storey's way with postcode db30ds and entrance is free. Can I help with anything else?
Can you find me an [Italian] restaurant near the college?
Any particular price range?
Actually, I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.
Can you please specify where you want to go, which day and what time you want to arrive?


Hi there. I want to come into the Cambridge area and thought of an airplane but its is extremely costly. I am wondering about a train instead.
We have dozens of trains into Cambridge every day. Where will you be coming from, and on what day?
I'll be coming in from Broxbourne on Sunday. I want to arrive by [19:30]. Can you help me?
I have 5 trains leaving broxbourne heading towards cambridge. Do you have an arrival time?
Yes, 19:30 like I said previously. I will need 2 tickets.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave at 19:30 and need two tickets. Please send me the reference number and telephone number to the train company.
Is there a certain time you need to arrive by. I have several options.
I need to arrive by 19:30.
I'm sorry but just to clarify. Are you hoping to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I would like to arrive in Broxbourne from Cambridge by 19:30.
I havea train that arrives at 18:32 Should I book this for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me for 2 tickets?
Done! Your reference number is 7VR15FZ8 . The tickets come to 28.64 Pounds, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I need to find a hotel on the north end of town. An expensive hotel.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north. Do you want another area or a different price range?
Yeah, moderate would be okay as well.
Do you have a star preference?
Yes, it should have four stars.
How about the [acorn guest house]?
that will be fine.
Would you like me to book it for you?
NO, i just need you to get phone number and postcode
OK, phone number is 01223353888, postal is cb41da, can I assist with anything else?
no thats all thanks
No problem, have a great day.


Hello, do you have a train doing to norwich from cambridge?
Yes, what day and time will you be travelling?
I'm traveling to Norwich on Thursday after [20:00] (8 pm)
Will you be departing from Cabridge?
No, I'm looking to leave from Cambridge.
Ok I have found a train that departs at 22:36 and arrives 23:55 it is 17.60 pounds, would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


What does Cambridge have for parks on the east side?
There is one park on the east side of town. It is the [Cherry Hinton Water Play] Park. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode, please.
The postcode is cb18dw. Can I help you with anything else today?
What is the address?
I apologize. The address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need train tickets.
Sure, I can help you with that. Can I get more information about when you would like to travel ?
Yes, I'd like to go from cambridge to bishops stortford.
Okay, what day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave after [10:00]. I need you to book it for 3 people. I'll need the reference number.
Ok I will book it for you


I need to find a hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge offers many services.
Can I get the phone number and full mailing address of the [cardiology and coronary care unit] department at that hospital?
their details are Addenbrookes Hospital Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
Thank you. That's all for today.
Alright. I hope you enjoy the remainder of your day.


Can you tell me if there are any [european] restaurants in the center of town?
There are 8 restaurants that have european food in the centre of town. Is there a pricerange you would like it to be in?
I need something in the moderate price range, please.
The galleria serves european food and is located in town centre and moderately priced. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, but I would like their address please!
Their phone number is 01223362054. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.
There are 18 colleges around town. Is there a part of town you'd like to visit in?
I don't mind where the college is. Sorry, but could you please get me the address for The [Galleria]?
Christs's college is on Saint Andrew's street and is free to enter. I don't have any information on a Galleria. Is there another attraction you would like to see?
The Galleria is the name of the restaurant. I need the address for it please. I also need the postcode for the college.
My apologies, the system has been giving us difficulties today. The Galleria is at 33 Bridge Street. Christ's College is in postcode cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that's everything, thanks.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Do you need any further assistance?
I do not think I need any more info, thank you so much.
Alright, enjoy Cambridge!


Hi. I'm looking for a place to spend the night, and I want somewhere without any hidden fees for parking or wifi.
There are 29 choices. Do you have a preference in the area of town and price range?
I want a cheap price range, please.
There is the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] thich is 4 star and has free parking and wifi.
Great, can I have it for 4 people for 2 nights on wednesday and also I need a reference number?
Good news! Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is 5KCBOHZB .
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that departs from Bishop's Stortford that departs on Wednesday.
I have over 10 options. Do you have a preference for a departure or arrival time?
I would like it to arrive by [20:30] please.
There are 8 trains that will arrive by the time you stated. Do you have a preference on what time you leave at?
I'll take the train that arrives closest to 20:30 for 4 people please.
I have booked for you Train Tr9178 the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : IKRVR8G2 .
Thanks! For all your help.
Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!
You're welcome, goodbye.


I am visiting and need a hotel in the north
ow about Ashbury Lodge Guesthouse it is moderately priced and located at 82 Arbury Road CB4 2JE (Phone: 01223364319)
Does this guesthouse include free wifi?
It has internet access
then thats good for me
Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


Hello. I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[The missing sock] is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like their location?
I want to know their address, phone number, and type of food, please
The Missing Sock serves International food and is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. The phone number is 01223 812660.
Thank you, that is all I needed to know. Have a good night.
Thank you for using our system. Good night


Yes, I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
Sure, what type of attractions are you interested in ?
Let's check out some stuff in the entertainment type.
I've heard really great things about [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] in the east area. Does that sound like something you'd enjoy?
Okay that sounds good. What is the area and postcode?
It is located in the east and the postcode is CB18DW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay on my trip. I'd prefer a guesthouse in the north.
The [Avalon] is a popular 4 star guest house on the north side, would you like me to see if they have space available?
Yes please, I need rooms for 7 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
I have your rooms booked, and your reference number is 7BOZNPTN .
Very good, that's all. Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a great stay in Cambridge. Bye.


I want to find out if there are any moderately priced hotels in the north part of the city.
We have a lot of those! I like the [acorn guest house]. Would that work for you?
Yes that would be great! Can I have some information on it?
The Acorn guesthouse is in the North and is a moderately priced 4 start hotel with internet and parking.
Could I getting a booking for 7 people?
Absolutely, just a few questions....when do you plan on arriving and how many days are you planning on staying?
I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday.
Alright, I've booked your room and the reference number is 26VYTSIJ . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to dine serving [indian] food.
I have a lot of Indian restaurants available. Can you tell me your price range or the area where you want to dine?
why don't you suggest one a book a table for 7 on thursday at [17:45]
Would you prefer it be cheap, expensive or moderate price?
It doesn't matter as long as it is good.
Curry Prince is very good, and is moderately priced.
Is [Curry Prince] in the north? I realize now the restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel.
the [nirala] serves indian food on the north and its moderate. Can I book this for you ?
Yea please book that for the same group of people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 26VYTSIJ .
Thanks, that's all I needed. Good bye.
You are very welcome! good bye.


please find me a place to go in the centre
There are many places to go in the centre of town, what types of places do you want to visit?
What's the postcode for your favorite attraction?
My favorite attraction in the centre of town is [The Man on the Moon]. It's a concerthall. Their postcode is CB12LF. Would you like more information?
Thanks! I am looking forward to checking it out. Can you help me in finding a guesthouse to stay at for tonight?
There are 24 guesthouses available. Did you have any other criteria?
Yes, I would like it to be a 3 star place in a moderate price range. Also, free wifi.
I found 3 guesthouses that meet your request; is there an area you prefer?
No preference, however, I do need a guesthouse for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. Once you have booked, please provide the reference number. Thank you.
I suggest the [bridge guest house] and I can make a reservation right now for you. What are your dates?
8 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
Reference number is : JOYGNDZ0 . What else may I do for you?
Thanks I also need a taxi that will leave [The Man on the Moon] by [07:00]
Ok great, and where will you need to go?
To [Bridge Guest House] please.
Booking completed Booked car type : white tesla Contact number : 07099497147
that is it. have a great day
you are welcome
I'm finished now. Thank you.
You're welcom. good bye.


Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?
We have many great places to eat in Cambridge. What kind of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
I am actually looking for an attraction rather than a place to eat. Can you help me find a cinema?
There is a cinema in Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Would you like me to give you their phone number?
Can you tell me what postcode it's in?
Their post code is cb17dy. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a place to eat. [Mexican] food is good, it should be in the south and expensive.
Could you make a reservation for two this Thursday at 7:00 at [chiquito restaurant bar]?
No, I need a reservation for 4 on Saturday at [14:45].
The restaurant has been booked. Your reference number is 54JMT9OQ . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I would like to also book a taxi and it should arrive at the restaurant by [14:45]. Could you also please give me its contact number and car type?
I would be happy to book your taxi. I will need your departure location and pick up time to complete the reservation.
I would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant at the time I have it booked please
And where are you departing from?
I would be departing from the cinema at Cambridge Leisure Park.
I'm sorry. I'm having trouble processing that. Where are you leaving from again?
I am leaving from the cambridge [cineworld cinema].
Okay, I have a black volvo scheduled to pick you up at Cineworld Cinema to take you to the Chiquito restaurant. The contact number is 07424735359. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a great time! Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train departing cambridge going to bishops stortford?
I am happy to assist you, what date and time will you need?
tuesday and I would like to get there by [13:15]
The closest I can get you to 13:15 is 12:07 and that will be TR4041. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to know the price and departure time please?
That train departs at 11:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I do need a place to stay though, I want a nice 4 star place with free wifi, please.
These are several selections available to you. Let me know which choice you have made and I will make the required booking for you. I can recommend Marriott but the Cambridge Belfry is cheaper. All three close to all of our attractions and all the main restaurants.


I am looking for a attraction in the east part of town
What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am not overly particular, what type do you have in the East?
We have a boat, two entertainment venues, and two museums here in the East. Can I get you more information on any of those?
Which one would you suggest? Please give me the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode. Thank you.
How about the [Funky Fun house]? It is in the east at 8 mercers Row, mercers row industrial estate. The post code is cb13ef.
That will work. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.
There are a few to choose from. The [Royal Standard] is a gastropub. Does that sound good?
Sounds good, I need a taxi and I need to leave by [4:00] so I need a reservation for [3:00] or earlier if possible.
Sure, I can make your reservation first what day and for how many people please?
I need the taxi to commute between the two places on the same day.
The Taxi has been booked as requested.
Can you let me know the contact number and what kind of car?
Yes, the contact number is 07511049377 and it is a blue lexus.
Alright! Thanks so much for your help!
It was my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking to book the [Hamilton Lodge] in Cambridge
When would you like to book a room at Hamilton Lodge? How many guests will there be?
I want a room on Sunday for 2 people.
For how many days?
Five days. Does the room have internet? Also, what is the hotel type?
This is a guesthouse, is that okay?
Yes,that's okay. Please get me their phone number. Also, find out if they have internet or not
Phone number is 01223365664 and yes it has internet.
Great! I also need a college to go see in the centre. I need the phone number and entrance fee to one you recommend.
[G[onville and caius college]] is great to visit. They are free to visit and their number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help with?
Oh great. Can I also get you to book me a taxi from the college to my hotel? I want to leave by [22:30].
Booked car type is black lexus. Contact number is 07352412792. Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.
Thanks for using our service today have a great day.


Can you help me find a restaurant called [graffiti] please?
Sure, it's an expensive british restaurant in the west, located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road cb30lx. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, can you book me a table for 5 people for Thursday at [17:30].
Unfortunately that time slot in unavailable. Is there another time you would like me to try?
Sure, how about [16:30]? If it is available at that time please give me a reference number.
I was able to book that, reference number is P0OB1R52 .
Find a hotel in the east and in the expensive price range?
Express by holiday inn cambridge is available.
I would also like it to include free wifi and have a star rating of 2.
The [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] fits all of your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for 5 people for 3 nights starting from the same day. Can you please give me the reference number. Thank you!
I was able to successfully book you, the reference number is QD3X3BKV, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you for your help!
You're very welcome. Have a great day.


Could you please get me a train?
Sure I can help you find a train. Where are you needing to go and where are you coming from? What time do you need to leave by?
I am leaving Leicester and I need to leave by [20:30].
What is your destination and day of travel?
Cambridge and on friday. Can I just get the travel time for the train? Thanks!
The first train leaving after 20:30 is 21:09 and the travel time is 105 minutes.
That sounds perfect, thank you for your help.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No, that's OK, I'll get my tickets at the station. I just needed information.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all. Thanks.
I'm sorry, I think I misunderstood you. You want to leave before 20:30. You should book TR2602, leaving at 20:09. Travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you for correcting that for me. Have a god day
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today, and enjoy your weekend!


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.
I've found 21 4 star hotels. Is there a certain area you want to stay in?
Yes, in the east, please.
I have found several hotels. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would not mind finding one with free wifi.
Unfortunately, we don't have any hotels with those preference in the area, but we do have 6 guesthouses available. Would a guesthouse be okay?
A guesthouse is fine. Which one would you recommend?
I recommend the Leverton House. It's a cheap guesthouse, but still a 4-star establishment.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address and postcode for [Leverton House]?
They are located at 732-734 newmarket road, and postcode is cb58rs
Thank you. I'm also looking for a [venetian] restaurant on the east side as well.
I'm sorry there are no Venetian restaurants. Are there any cuisines I can look for?
Yes, how about one that serves [Indian] food?
There are four restaurants that serve indian food in the east. Do you have a price range?
Book one of them for 8 people at [14:15] on tuesday.
Alright, I have you booked at Curry Prince. Your reference number is: 55UNFF8Z . Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, can you schedule a taxi to take me from [Leverton House] to [C[urry Prince]]? I need to get there by [14:15].
Okay, your taxi car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07967879848. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you
Great! Enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.
[ashley hotel] is a great place with free wi fi
Is it expensive?
ashley hotel is a moderately price hotel in the north area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I would prefer one in the expensive range if you have any.
The [express by holiday inn] is an expensive 2 star hotel in the east. They have free parking and free wifi. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book for 7 people starting on Wednesday and staying for 2 nights.
I've made those reservations and your reference number is N90KBZUM
Great! Can you please help me with finding a train as well? I need something leaving london liverpool street after [16:30].
how about TR9886? it arrives at 19:07 on Friday.
Actually, can we try for Wednesday? I'll need tickets for the same group of people.
Train TR2232 leaves Liverpool Street, London at 17:39 and arrives at 19:07. Would this work for you?
Yes that works. Go ahead and book me 7 tickets please
Your booking was successful and your total cost is 116.2 GBP. Your reference number is BWXB511A .
Thanks a lot. That is all I need.
Great thank you so much.
Thanks again, goodbye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Hi, I want to find some water and go boating somewhere around town. What do you have listed?
I have some great choices for you. There are two places in the centre of town, one in the north and one in east. Do you have a specific location?
I think maybe the north for this trip.
The Riverboat Georgina is in the North of town. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.
Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


I need a taxi to take me to [Broughton house gallery]
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the Scudmores [Punting Co].
I can book that for you, what time will you be leaving/arriving?
I would like to leave at [6:00].
Your booking is complete with a red bmw and a contact number of 07899029932.
Thank you for your assistance.
Enjoy your visit to the broughton house gallery!


I am currently in Cambridge and I am looking for train departure times.
I have over 1,400 trains available. Where is your destination and what day would you like to depart?
I would like to go to Leicester this Friday.
There are currently 202 departures. May I have a destination and what time you would like to arrive?
I am departing Cambridge on Friday going to leicester and want to arrive by [13:30].
TR8080 departs Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06 for 37.80 pounds. Will this work for you?
Yes. I also need a place to stay on the south side of the town. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.
I have the [Lensfield hotel] that is in the southern part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like a booking?
yes please. two adults and one child.
What day would you like your stay at The Lensfield Hotel to start and for how many days?
I need more information before booking. How many stars does The Lensfield hotel have? Does it include free wifi?
The Lensfield has a 3 star rating and does include free wifi. Is there anything else you need to know?
Thank you. Out of curiosity, is that a guesthouse or hotel?
It is a hotel.
Fantastic. Please provide me with the address and phone number.
The address for the Lensfield Hotel is 53-57 Lensfield Road. Their phone number is 01223355017. Can I assist you with booking a room at the Lensfield?
No, thank you. I can take care of that on my own. I think that's all I need for today!
Wonderful. Please feel free to contact us again in the future. Have a great day.


I need a place to dine on expensive [crossover] food.
There are no places a any price range that serve this food type, shall I search for something else for you?
are you sure? maybe try the centre?
I am sorry there are none in the centre. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Sure, how about Chinese?
There is no Chinese either.
I really want to eat [Chinese] in the centre area of town. Are you 100% positive that isn't possible? I'll be heartbroken.
Actually, there is chinese. I recommend [Ugly Duckling]. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 7 of us dining at [13:15] on Friday.
I made a booking for you. Do you need the reference number?
Yes if i could get the reference number that would be great. I also need information on Hamilton lodge.
Okay your reference number is C40IRNSV .
Also, I'm wanting to book the [Hamilton Lodge] for 2 people on Friday night. Can you do that?
I am getting the info up as we speak, will that be for one day or multiple days?
Yes. I need it for 2 nights, 7 people, starting on Friday.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is X1V3GGL2 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is everything I need.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
thank you for helping
No thank you that will be all


I am looking for information in Cambridge
What information are you looking for?
I need some places to go. Maybe some place in the centre are of the town. Multiple sports type?
Unfortunately there are no multiple sport type attractions in the centre of town? Would you like info on another attraction or in another area?
Can we try to find a theatre? I'll need the phone number, please?
I recommend the Mumford Theatre. They are located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Their phone number is 08451962320.
Thank you. I also need information on a train to Leicester on Thursday.
I have several options, what is your timeframe like?
I need to arrive by [20:00] please.
and from where will you be departing?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
The TR3564 will get you there by 19:06. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets.
The reservations have been made and the reference number is F82V85K4 . and the total fee is 226.8 GBP.
No thanks! That's it for now.
OKay I am glad I could assist.
Goodbye and thanks. Have a great day.
welcome anytime you need us


I was in a car accident and have a dispute with the other driver so please contact the police and tell them I need help.
The cops are on the way. What is your location? Is anyone hurt?
No, I just need their phone number.
The phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you much, goodbye.
I hope the police are able to help you resolve the situation. If there's anything else I can do to help just let me know.


I need a swimming pool in the north.
I have 2 swimming pools in the north area. Jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more infomation on one?
Yes what's the postcode for [kings hedges learner pool]?
The postcode for kings hedges learner pool is cb42xh
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area, please.
Booking was not successful book another day or time slot please
I want an expensive restaurant that serves [asian oriental] food in the same area as the attraction, please.
The only restaurant in the area is [kymmoy]. Should I book it for you?
Please book for 2 people at [14:00] on Saturday. May I confirm the reference number?
Booking went through successfully. Your reference number is FK5FQYAN .
Thank you so much for your help. You have been most helpful.
You are most welcome!


I'm hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
No problem! What type of food were you interested in?
I would love to have some [Indian] food please.
I've found 3 restaurants in that area: Kohinoor, [The Gandhi], and Mahal of Cambridge.
Would you see if any of those are available on Wednesday at [14:45] for 5 people? Thanks.
I was able to get you a table at The Gandhi. Your reference number is MYUME8FR and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! There will be nothing else, goodbye.
Have a good day!


I am looking for something entertaining in town later and I've got some things in mind.
What are your ideas? what area of town and what type of attraction?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.
There are four theatres in Centre: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you be interested in any of these?
[Cambridge Arts] sounds good, can I get the phone number? Is there any entrance fee? And then a nice expensive dinner in the same area please.
Cambridge arts theatre phone is 0122350333, no entrance fee information is available. There are 33 restaurants in your price range, do you have a food type preference?
Yes, I like there to be [Cuban] food.
I am sorry but there are no Cuban restaurants available. Would like another type of food?
Hmm, I'll try [Japanese] instead.
we have [wagamama] located in 36 Saint Andrews Street. can i book for you?
No thank you I just need the postcode.
The post code is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book me a taxi that will pick me up from [Cambridge Arts Theatre] at [07:15] and take me to [Wagamama]?
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey volkswagen Contact number : 07275251696 Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!


i need a place to stay
OK, what price point do you want me to look for?
Price range doesn't really matter, but I do want a 4-star place with free parking and internet.
I have 19 hotels that match that criteria. please be more specific about the area of town where you'd like to stay
The area doesn't matter. Please book for 6 people on Saturday with 4 nights stay.
Do you prefer a formal hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you give me a suggestion for a hotel and make that reservation please? Thanks.
Booking was successful at the alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number is : MDB2AV4K


I would like a train that leaves from stansted airport after [16:15]
What day will you be traveling, and where will you be heading to?
I will be traveling on monday and need to go to cambridge
There's a train leaving stansted airport for cambridge every hour on Monday, by what time would you like to arrive?
I don't care. Give me the earliest one leaving after 16:15.
The earliest train is TR5365 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 16:52. Do you need a ticket?
Yes please thank you. Can you also assist to find me a restaurant where i can dine in the Center. My preference is Modern European food.
How many tickets do you need me to book for the train?
I actually don't need a ticket right now. Could you please tell me the price and travel time though?
Absolutely. The TR5365 costs 10.10 pounds and has a travel time of 28 minutes. What else can I do for you?
I also need a place to eat.
What are would you like to eat?
I would like modern [european] food and in should be located in the centre of town.
There are 8 results for European restaurants in the centre area, would you prefer an expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
I'd like a cheap one, I don't want to spend too much on food, I want to bring back as many knick-knacks as possible.
[The river bar steakhouse and grill] meets all your needs. Do you want me to book? If yes, for how many, what day and what time?
Please get me their postcode instead
Yes, the postcode is cb58aq.
Thank you, that will be all.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I am excited to see some local attractions. Can you help me with a particular one?
Sure. Were you looking for a particular area of town to visit?
Actually, a friend was telling me about this great gallery in town. It was called the [Saint Barnabas Press Gallery]. Can you tell me about it?
It is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road in the east of the town. Here's the phone number 01223902116
I am also looking for a place to stay at. Any recommendations?
Would you like to stay in the East part of town, near the gallery?
No, I'd like a 3 star guesthouse in the south.
We have one guesthouse in the south. [Bridge Guest House] on 151 Hills Road. Would you like to reserve a room?
Can you let me know the price range of the guesthouse?
Certainly! The price range is moderate. Their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will book later on my own. Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.
enjoy your stay in cambridge!


I'd like to visit a theatre.
There are 5 theaters in Cambridge most of which are in the centre of town. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I'll need postcodes as well.
The Junction is in the south, cb17gx. The other 4 are in centre. ADC theatre, cb58as. Cambridge Arts Theatre, cb23pj. Mumford Theatre, cb11pt. And The Cambridge Corn Exchange, cb23qe.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to dine that is in the centre and serves [asian oriental]?
Yes I have several. Do you have a price preference?
Yes, I'm looking for something inexpensive. Can you list those in the cheaper price range?
Yes, there are two options: Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Would you like to book one?
Let's try [Dojo Noodle Bar] for 7 on Wednesday at [14:30].
Ok, I have made a reservation at Dojo noodle bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30
Awesome. Could I have the reference number, please?
The booking was unsuccessful for that time, can we try another time that works for you?
Maybe [fifteen minutes earlier]?
No, I'm afraid it's still not available. Would you like to try a new time?
Let's try [13:30] please.
That booking was successful. The reference number is 8MO0T711 .
I will need to also book a taxi from to the restaurant.
I'm sorry, what is your destination and departure site?
I need to go from the theatre and arrive at the restaurant by [13:30]. Could I get the contact number and vehicle type please?
Could you please tell me what theatre option you have chosen?
[The Junction] is the theater I chose.
Okay, I went ahead and booked that for you. You will be in a red volkswagen, and the contact number is 07277320157. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think you have covered it all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Are their any architecture in the centre of cambridge?
Yes! There are 4 churches as well as old schools. Would you be interested in one of those?
Certainly, pick out a good option. I will need the entrance fee please.
I would like to suggest [all saints church]. The entrance fee is free.
Excellent, could I also get its postcode and phone number?
The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and it's postcode is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you give a recommendation on a place to eat in the centre that is in a moderate price range?
The Copper Kettle is an excellent choice for British cuisine. Alternatively, there is also an asian oriental restaurant. Do either of those sound suitable?
I'll go with The [Copper Kettle]. Can you give me the phone number?
The Copper Kettle's phone number is 01223365068 and the address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre, postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No, thanks. I will book later on. I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


where is the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge.
What is the address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Do you have the phone number there?
Yes, the phone number is 01223358966.Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thank you for your help.
It's been my pleasure to help. Have a great day.


I need to find a train from ely to Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Train TR8519 will depart ely for cambridge at 05:36 is that time okay with you?
I would need to leave after [09:00] on tuesday.
The TR4669 departs Ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's not needed. Can I get the price and travel time please?
The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's not necessary. You can help me locate a concert hall in the west end, however.
Unfortunately there are no concert halls in the west end.
Could you check for a college instead?
[Churchill College] is on the west end. Would you like the address?
Yes please, I need the address for the college.
Churchill College is located at Storey's Way, cb30ds. Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great. Thank you for all of your help!
You are very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here. Thank you for contacting the the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I am coming to Cambridge soon to see the many local attractions.
I have various attractions all over town. Is there a specific area you are wanting to find something to do?
Well, first I need to find a place to stay. I need a hotel in the south part of town with free parking.
Yes, I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the south, as well as one expensive hotel. Do you have a preference?
I would like a moderately priced guesthouse, please.
I have two places, is there a star rating you prefer?
I don't have a preference. Could you make a recommendation?
I like the [aylesbray lodge guest house] since it is the same price and has an extra star.
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting saturday?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is EKA7G2P9 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking to go out to the [Soul Tree Nightclub].
Sure. That [nightclub] is in the centre area on 1-6 corn exchange street. Would you like to book a taxi?
Yes, I'd like a taxi to commute between the night club and the guesthouse. I want to leave by [15:00].
Your pickup car will be a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07450209981. Anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you! You have been so helpful!
Thanks, enjoy your trip!
Thanks for being a great help!
Thank you, please remember you can contact us at any time if you need more assistance! Have a great day!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
Can I get the phone number for the [emergency department]?
I have it listed as 01223217118.
Thank you, could you please provide me the address for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Does it not have a building number or something? Where on Hills Rd?
No, it does not.
Okay. I will call them for directions. Thanks for your assistance.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am grateful. that's all
Have a nice day!


i am looking for a place to eat. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve [indian] food.
I am showing 2. The nirala which is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like to book one of them?
We are wanting to save money for the rest of the sights in town, so let's go with the cheaper one. Can you tell me about it?
Sure, the [Royal Spice] is located on Victoria Avenue, Chesteron and the post code is cb41eh.
Can you please make a reservation for me? It needs to be for 3 people at [14:45] on Friday.
Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0MRW9QAM .
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah, I also wanted to find a park to visit in the north.
[milton country park] is in the north and it is free to visit.
That's great thank you!
Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and postcode of the park?
Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az, phone 01223420060. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a taxi between the two.
Tell me where your departure and destination sites will be.
I need a taxi from the park going to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive before my dinner reservation, if at all possible.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black audi Contact number : 07283412603
Sweet, that's all I need today.
Wonderful! Thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and take care!


Can you give me information about the [museum of classical archaeology]?
The museum is located on Sidgwick Avenue in the west and it is free to get in. Do you need any other information?
Yes I need the phone number.
The phone number is 01223335153.
Thank you! Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?
Yes what area are you looking to stay in?
The south part of town,please
We have 4 options, any other preferences to help narrow things down?
I would like a star of 4, free parking and free wifi.
We are showing to guest houses in the south area. Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't care about the price of the place.
the [aylesbray lodge guest house] is moderately priced and is located at 5 mowbray road. would you like me to make a reserevation?
Yes. I would like to make a reservation for 8 for Friday.
i want to confirm this, do i book for 1 person?
book for two
I have your booking completed and your reference number is: Z38G5W6W . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I actually needed a room for 8 and 4 nights starting from Friday.
Okay I've fixed your reservation and the reference number is XTX3KFP2 . Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it! Thank you so much.
You are welcome, have a great day.


Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.
Both the [Gonville] and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.
I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.
Ok, have a great day!


Do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range?
Yes, there's the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, Peking Restaurant, and Taj Tandoori. How do those sound?
Do the serve [mediterranean] food?
There is no expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the south.
How about one that serves [Chinese] food?
There are two expensive Chinese restaurants, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
Can you make a reservation for 1 on Monday at [17:00] at [Peking Restaurant] please.
I'm sorry but there was no availability for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
How about [16:00]? Could you please provide me with the reference number also?
Your booking was successful and the reference number is 1YYK3KQS . May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Would you provide me with the address?
No. I'm the customer and you're the help desk; It is you who are supposed to provide me with the address. But you've given me all I need, so goodbye!
Have a good day!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
How about nandos, a portuguese place ?
Is there anything else available?
The Lucky Star is also a cheap restaurant in the south part of town. It serves Chinese food.
OK. Can you give me the address of the [Lucky Star]?
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thank you and good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.
We have 29 places that include both, did you want me to narrow things down with a couple more searches?
I really don't like hotels. I never have a good experience. So, maybe a guesthouse might be a better option for me.
OK, there are 21 guesthouses for you. To narrow it down more, do you have an area of town you want to stay in or a pricerange in mind?
Can you find one that will take a booking for Thursday and Friday for eight people?
yes if you tell me your price range.
I don't have a price range any one you recommend will be fine.
I would recommend [allenbell].
Can you book 8 people for 2 nights staring from Thursday for me? I will need a reference number as well.
Your reference number is GUE0LWWA
Okay. Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that's departing from Kings Lynn heading to Cambridge.
When are you looking to travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Do you have a specific arrival or departure time in mind?
I would like to arrive by [9:00].
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Hello, what expensive restaurants do you know of in the East part of town?
I have 5, 2 Indian, a Chinese, a British, and a gastropub. Any of them tickle your fancy?
Can you tell me about the [indian] places? Are any of them expensive?
[Sitar Tandoori] is my favorite. They are indeed expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223249955. Would you like to make a reservation? Or can I help with anything else?
I need to find an attraction.
There are several attractions in the east part of town. Are you interested in a specific type, such as a museum or outdoors?
It is called [cambridge book and print gallery].
Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, not the east. Are you sure that was the name of the attraction?
Yes, I just need the entrance fee and phone number
Good news, the entrance fee is free! And the phone number is 01223694264. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's it. Thank you for your assistance today, you have been very helpful!
Have a great night. I'm glad to be of assistance!


I need to find out information about a particular hotel called [warkworth house]
It has some great reviews. It is a 4 star moderate located on Warkworth Terrace. What else would you like to know?
book it for 3 people and 5 nights for monday.
I just booked it for you. Your reference number is 3P75NAMG . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Eritrean] food.
I'm afraid there are no eritrean restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any Eritrean restaurants in the east instead?
I am sorry, there are no Eritrean restaurants in the East either. Would you care for another type of cuisine?
Let's try [Italian] food.
There is one Italian restaurant in the East. It is moderately priced. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Ok great. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 on Monday?
I have booked a table for 3 for Monday at [16:00] at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
May I have the reference number please ?
I am not showing that you were booked and I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you have other choices ?
How about wednesday?
I do apologize, but it seems like I'm having trouble booking this for you at this time.
Okay, maybe try it again for Wednesday?
Unfortunately, the restaurant can't accomodate you.
Okay should we try a different restaurant then...? I've never had this problem before...
How about some Italian food in the West? There are two restaurants we can try.
That would work, I need to get a table the same day as my other booking.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3P75NAMG .
Thank you for your help, have a great evening.
You are welcome and you do the same .Goodbye


I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?
There are actually no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about 2 stars? It does need to include free parking.
ashley hotel is a nice 2 star hotel.
How about a hotel with 4 stars instead?
At 4 stars you have many options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in a good part of town. Can you please give me the phone number?
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223525725.
what's their address?
the address is 56 saint barnabas road
What hotel type is that?
It is a guesthouse. Want me to book it?
No thank you. I do need help finding places to go in town. I'm looking for entertainment in the centre of town.
I dont see any entertainment in the center of town. Could I try a different area for you?
How about a college instead?
There are several available. Do you have a preference on if there is a fee or free?
Free would be preferable. I also need a taxi.
Okay, christ's college is free admission.
I would also like to book a taxi to and from the hotel that leaves by [13:30].
Okay! Just to clarify, from where will you be departing?
I am so sorry. I don't know where my head has been. I need to leave the hotel by 13:30, going to [Christ's College].
Great! I have booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow audi, and the contact number is 07663388074. Can I help with anything else?
you have been of great help thank you
I am glad. thanks you too.


Can you help me get train tickets leaving london kings cross arriving by [18:30]?
What day would you like to travel?
On Thursday please.
TR5219 is leaving London Kings Cross at [05:17] and arriving by 06:08 at cambridge on friday
Can you tell me the price and travel time of that?
I'm sorry about the misinformation. The TR2775 leaves on Thursday like you want. The price is 23.60 and the travel time is 51 minutes.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat, called [graffiti].
I have that, what would you like to know and would you like to book it?
I would like to make a booking for 1 people at [21:00] on the same day.
I'm sorry, they were not able to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different time?
How about [20:00] instead?
I'm sorry, but that booking is also unavailable. Is there a different day or time I can check for you? Maybe earlier in the evening?
If 21:00 and 20:00 are not available, I guess I am not interested in booking anything. Can you check one more time for 20:00?
It was still unsuccessful. I am sorry. Any other times you would like me to check?
No, unfortunately I need either [21:00] or 20:00. Thank you for checking.
I tried again, but there may be some technical difficulty.None of the reservations I've tried are working. I tried for every time between your requests. Can I help with anything else?
No, but I appreciate the help.
I hope you have a lovely day.
Thanks so much, but I just realized I am missing a crucial bit of info. What is the departure time on my train, please? The corrected train, that is.
I don't believe we were able to complete a reservation. Would you like to try again?
Yes, a train to Cambridge from london kings cross on Thursday by 18:30. If you can get a table for 1 at Graffiti that day at 20:00 or 21:00 too, great.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R8P7XT7B .
That's all I need. Thanks.
OK. I'm sorry I wasn't able to get you into the restaurant you wanted. Your train TR2512 is leaving at 13:17. Let me know if you ever need anything else.


I need a train to cambridge on monday.
We have many trains heading to Cambridge on Monday. What is your point of departure for that day?
I want to go to ely and arrive by [11:15].
I'm sorry for the confusion, just to verify-are you departing from Cambridge with Ely as your destination?
No, sorry, I am traveling to Cambridge from Ely.
I have train TR2013 leaving at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please. Make a booking for 6 people and send me the reference number
You are booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 9QJPHZUT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre.
In the centre, we have more than 40 attractions. Everything from museums, colleges, nightclubs, boating, theatres, etc. Is there something you have in mind?
What are the theatres options?
There are four theatre options all in the centre. Would you like to try the [Mumford Theatre]?
Sure. What's the postcode?
postcode is cb11pt.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
your very welcome!


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range
How about [nandos], I've heard great things!
Is that restaurant in the south? I"d like to book for 4 people at [1330] on saturday please
Nandos is indeed in the south. The booking is successful with the reference number PCFFZ610 . Do you need more help?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


What is the local hospital?
That is Addenbrookes Hospital, Hills Rd, postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Have a great day!
Thanks you too.
Thank you, goodbye!


Hello, I need help finding a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town.
There are 21 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
Yes, I would like a [international] restaurant if possible.
I have two. [The varsity] and Bloombury restaurant's.
The Varsity will be fine. I'll need a table on Friday at [14:00]. It will be for 8 people.
You are all set, the reference number is 8FUDRX3I, can I assist with anything else?
Great, yes I'm also looking for the [Whipple museum of the history of science]. Can you tell me a bit about it?
Of course! The museum is in the centre on Free School Lane and has Free Admission. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I also get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant. I want to make sure I get there for that reservation.
Ok I have a taxi booked for you. It will be a blue BMW and the contact number is 07894266457. I there anything else I can do?
Nope, thanks for everything! Bye now!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!


I'm looking for trains that will be leaving on Sunday.
Please tell me your destination so I can give you options and cost.
I would like to depart from london kings cross and i'm going to cambridge.
There are 10 results, all costing 18.88 pounds. Would you like to depart or arrive at a certain time?
I need to arrive by [12:00].
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need it booked, just forward me the train ID, travel time and departure time please.
Yes, of course. The train Id is TR3478, it will depart at 9:17, and take 51 minutes to reach its destination at Cambridge. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes please. I am looking for a museum to visit while I am in town. May I have the address and post code for your favorite?
The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre. The postcode is cb11ln and the address is 98 King Street.
Thank you. That was all I needed.
Okay, you're oh so welcome! Have a wonderful visit!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Thanh Binh]. Can you help me find it?
Absolutely! Thanh Binh is a wonderful vietnamese restaurant in the west. It is relatively cheap. Would you like any more information about them?
Sounds perfect. Could you book it for myself and five others on Friday?
Would you like a reference number.
Yes but if you could book it for 6, at [12:00] on friday, that would be good.
I can, would you like the reference number?
Of course I would like the reference number.
I'm sorry but I can not book that.
Can you book it for [11] instead?
Sorry, the restaurant can't accommodate you during that time.
Hmm, how about 11:00?
Looks like my system is acting up and can't accept you for 11:00. Want to try for another time?
Yes, please try for [12:00]
I'm sorry. I'm not sure what is going on. It will not let me book. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Sure, what do you have available?
Would you like to stick with Asian Cuisine?
Can you please try again at 12 on friday?
I'm sorry I am unable to book that.
How about [11:00] that day?
I am sorry I cannot book it at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
No thank you. Can you help me find an attraction?
What kind of attraction would you like to see?
Any kind of entertainment in the Centre please.
Nothing was found. Shall I look for entertainment in a different area?
Yes, the type of concert hall. I need address and a taxi for [11] and the car type and contact number please
There is one concert hall in centre. It is called [the man on the moon].
Great. Can you please give me the address?
Absolutely! The address is 2 norfolk street.
Great, can you also book a taxi for me?
Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I just need it to arrive at the restaurant at the correct time.
I do need the departure place and destination in order to book the taxi.
From the concert hall to the restaurant.
Alright. How many people is this for?
It will be for six people.
I need to book a reservation for you to tell the taxi man...
Can you please just book me for taxi service?
You are in luck, I have managed to get you a table for 6 at [1[2:00]] Friday at Thanh binh. 9N8M4HQ9 is the reference. Would you still like a taxi?
Yes, please. I need it to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
I have booked you with a blue honda to arrive by 12:00 at the restaurant. The phone number to contact them is 0713064642. .
Thank you, that is everything.
You are welcome. Thank you for your patience. I'm sure you will have a delightful visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.


I'm looking for [unusual] food in the south part of town.
what price range do you prefer ?
I have no preference.
There are no restaurants in the south part of town serving unusual type food.
What about [Italian] food?
[Frankie and Bennys] is an Italian restaurant in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The postcode for Frankie and Bennys is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye


Hello, i'm looking for a restaurant called [river bar steakhouse and grill].
This is a modern european, cheap restaurant. It's in the centre, located at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
What is their postcode?
Their post code is cb58aq. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not right now. Is there anywhere to go for entertainment in the south?
There's the tenpin entertainment attraction in the south.
Can you tell me more about The [Tenpin]? And can you give me a phone number and postcode?
The Tenpin can be reached at 08715501010. Their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else you needed?
Thanks. I will also need a taxi between The [Tenpin] and [river bar steakhouse and grill].
I can do that for you. Do you know when you'd like to leave or arrive so I can schedule the car?
I would like to leave our attraction by [2:30] and head to the restaurant.
Ok, you are all set look for a Yellow Lexus, if you need to contact the taxi, they can be reached at 07983066383
Great, thank you so much! That's all I will need for today!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.


I am looking for places in the centre to go to.
There are 44 great attractions to visit! Is there a certain type you were looking for? Perhaps a museum or theatre?
A museum sounds nice. Do you have a favorite? I need an address and entrance fee.
My personal favorite is the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology at University of Cambridge, Downing Street. It even has free admission!
I'll check that out. Can you also find me a train for Monday I'm leaving leicester?
There are about 19 different train schedule for your chosen date. May i know your preferred time of departure?
Sure. I'd like to leave after [09:45]. I'm heading to Cambridge.
The earliest train after that time is TR0032. It leaves Leicester at 10:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds great! What's the total travel time on that? It seems like a long trip.
The duration of the travel is 105 minutes. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need the reference number
Can you please tell me how many in your party?
You know, come to think of it maybe I better book later. Some people may not be able to make it. I think that's all I need today. Goodbye.
Thanks for using the service, have a nice day


I'd like some information on the [Hamilton Lodge] hotel, please.
It is located in the north. It is a guesthouse and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Address is 156 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41da. Reference number is: RU5ZSYZS . Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train to cambridge
We have several trains going to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from and what date do you need the train?
I need to depart from kings lynn on the same day as the hotel booking.
Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to depart from kings lynn on Wednesday and arrive by [9:15].
How about the TR4638 train? It arrives at 08:58.
Can you tell me when that departs and the total travel time? Also, how much is it?
TR4638 leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58 that's a travel time of 47 minutes. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to make reservations?
I actually won't need a reservation, just the information you provided is enough. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.
Enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for all your help.
Enjoy your stay at Cambridge.


Could you find me a [welsh] restaurant in the cheap price range ?
Therea are no Welsh restaurants listed.
How about [italian] type of food?
In which area would you like to look?
Any area will be fine.
[Da vinci pizzeria] serves Italian food in the cheap price range and it is in the North part of town.
What is their address and phone number?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
OK thank you for your help!
thank you goodbye


I am looking for a [chinese] restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.
I have 9 expensive chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Nope. Pick the place with the most stars, and give me the address and postcode.
[Yu Garden] is an expensive Chinese restaurant located on the east side of town. Would you like the address for this one?
Yes I would like the address and the postcode please.
The address for yu garden is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Would you like me to book this restaurant for you?
Not right now. Could you please pick an attraction in the centre of town and give me the name and type of attraction?
Sure! Hughes Hall is an excellent free college attraction. Would you like more information?
Great, can I get a taxi from Hughes Hall at 15:30 going to yu garden please.
yes I will order that for you.


I am looking for nearby museums
We have 23 fine museums in town. Is there a certain area you would like?
No particular area. May I have the phone number of one you recommend?
i recommend [broughton house gallery]
That sounds good, what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That would be it thank you for all your help.
I hope you enjoy the museum, and have a great day!


I need to book a restaurant.
I'm happy to assist you. What type of cuisine would you like?
I would really love to try [christmas] food.
I'm sorry, I am not showing any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like to consider a different cuisine?
I would love [italian] food then.
We have 15 different Italian restaurants across town at different price ranges. Do you want to narrow down your choices?
No thank you. I'll just need a price range and postcode for one of them.
[pizza hut city centre] is inthe cheap price range. their postcode is cb21ab
Thank you for the information, I also need a train on Wednesday from Cambridge.
Will you be travelling alone, and what is your destination?
I would like to request information about a train to London Liverpool Street, I would like to leave after [9:15], when do I arrive and what is the price?
TR5874 arrives 11.27 and will cost 16.60 pounds .is that it?
Yes that was all I needed to today. Thank you goodbye.
Have a good day.


Hi, can you help me with some trip planning? I could use some suggestions for places to go in town.
I can definitely help you with that. Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in or section of the city you were looking at?
I'm looking for a theatre in any part of the city. Can you recommend one?
There is the [Mumford theatre], it is located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the Centre area.
That sounds good, I like that. Could you tell me what the postcode is please?
the postcode is cb11pt
I would also like to book at a guest house named [Aylesbray Lodge], starting Monday.
I'm starting to book your reservation at Aylesbray Lodge starting on Monday, how many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 3 nights.
OK, and how many people will be staying in the room?
2 people, is that fails then try 1 night. Please provide the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WYO54VCI . anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you!
Happy to assist.
I'm grateful for your services.
Ok, hope you have a wonderful time. Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant called [Charlie Chan]
I found Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Center. Can I book that for you?
yes please, for 1 person at [12:45] on Thursday, thank you
You're all set! The reference number is NL81FN41
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me with that?
Can you tell me your departure station and a time you'd like to either leave or arrive?
I am looking to leave Kings Lynn station and arrive by [9:45]
I have 4 trains that arrive before 9:45. Would you like me to book TR8705 which leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58
What's the price and travel time for that train?
The price is 9.80 pounds and will leave at 8:11 and arrive at 8:58, which is 47 minutes travel time. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that sounds good.
Is this also just for one person?
Actually hold off on booking for now. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all your assistance.
You're welcome! Let me know if I can help with anything else.


I'm taking a trip in cambridge and need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star in the moderate price range.
I have several guesthouse options for you. What area of town are you interested in staying?
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to have free WiFi.
I would suggest [a and b guest house] would you like the info?
Yes, can you give me that information.
The address is 124 tenison road and the phone number is 01223315702.
Sounds great. That is a guest house correct? What part of town?
Yes, it is a guest house located in the east area.
Thank you for the info. If you could also help me get info for a restaurant named [Sala Thong], I'd be grateful!
The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham
Can you book Sala Thong? 7 people at [18:30] on tuesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BVU67RNQ . Is there anything else?
Great, no thank you. I appreciate all your help today, have a good day!
You are very welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.


I'd like to find out when a train leaves on Sunday for Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from? And is there a preferred time you would like to arrive by or leave after?
I am departing from Stansted Aiport and would like to arrive by [13:30].
TR5358 will depart the airport at 12:24 and arrive at Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
What's the total travel time for TR5358?
the travel time is about 28 minutes.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.
How many stars would you like?
It doesn't matter. I need it to be located in the south.
I would suggest [bridge guest house].
Does it have free wifi?
Yes. Shall I book for you? How many people?
I need a room to be booked for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day
Booked! Reference number: G6ORAH2J .
Thank you for booking and providing the reference number.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That's all. Bye now.
Goos-bye, have a great day.


I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the centre of town
The [gonville hotel] is in the centre of town and has a 3 star rating.
It doesn't need to have free parking, but just by chance do they offer that?
The Gonville Hotel actually offers both free wifi and free parking. Can I help you with booking a room there?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurants in the west side of town.
fantastic, i have nine options for you
Do any of them serve [European] food?
[cambridge lodge restaurant] does.can i book for you?
No, but I'd like the address if you can give it to me.
It is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thanks! I'll also be needing a place to stay. A hotel in the south, preferably also in the expensive range.
the lensfield hotel is a 3 stars and is located in the south
no i wanted a 4 star hotel
unfortunately, i don't have anything in that area that has a 4 star rating.
Could you check in the north maybe?
I do not have any in either area. Would you like to change or restate your perimeters? Then I can check again.
Try the west, I meant to say that instead of north.
There is the [huntingdon marriott hotel] would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting from monday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : NIJ5L29I . May I help with anything else ?
No thank you, that will be all.
Have a good day.


Hello, I'd like to get some info one a hotel please.
I can definitely assist with your lodging needs. Did you want me to look for a specific place or run a search in an area?
Please look in the north of town.
There are 13 in that area.
Is there one with free parking and a 2 star rating?
I'm showing two in that area both offering free wifi and parking. I suggest Ashley hotel. The phone number is 01223350059. Shall I book a room for you?


What is that [european] food place's address?
I found several places serving European food. Do you have a preference as to the location?
No, any part of town is fine.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a great day and enjoy your food.


I need a place to eat that is expensive.
There are many options for expensive dining.
Specifically, I would like an [Indian] restaurant.
There are a number of expensive Indian options. Is there a specific part of town you were looking for?
Not really, as long as it is open on Monday and has room for 5 people.
It appears that the [Curry Garden] meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please make reservations for 5 people at [16:45] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : J8918H0X . anything else i can help you with?
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.
What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Monday.
OKay, is there a certain time you need to leave?
I would like to arrive by [11:00]. Could you give me the departure time and train ID?
I can suggest the TR4448 arriving by 06:07.
Is there a departure time?
That train departs at 05:29.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.
How about the [a and b guest house]?
Does it have free parking?
No, it does not offer that. Would you like something that does?
Yes. I need free parking, and I prefer the southern part of town.
ok, I have a couple that meet that criteria. Would you like 3 or 4 stars?
I have no preferences. You can just pick one. I'd like it for 7 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.
This is unavailable would you like to book a shorter stay or a different day?
How about 3 nights for the same day and number of people?
Great! You're booked for 3 nights at [Bridge Guest House] with reference number AH7L4RXZ . May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a train out of Peterborough into Cambridge, please.
When do you need that train?
I need it for Saturday and I want to arrive by [18:15].
TR4494 will depart at 17:19 on saturday and arrive by 18:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Can you book 7 tickets on that train? I'd like a reference number if possible.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8JPQ3AQT .
Great! You have helped me tremendously. I don't need anything else. Thank you!
Let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.


Are there any expensive places to dine in the West?
sure, i have 9 options for you
Thank you! What kinds of restaurants are available?
I see british, european, and indian available.
Can you tell me about one of the restaurants that serves [British] cuisine?
Sure. The [Graffiti] is a restaurant that serves British food. The phone number is 01223277977. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. For Friday. 3 people at [16:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 86G11ZVP .
Oh thank you so much. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford, can you help with that?
Sure, what will your arrival station be?
I will be heading into Cambridge. I will need it for Friday arriving by [12:00].
TR2083 will arrive at 10:07. Want to book?
No that's ok. I just need the travel time.
It is a total time of 38 minutes for the trip. Anything else that I can assist with?
Yeah, can you confirm the time I need to be at the station?
The departure time is 09:29. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nothing else today. Thanks so much for your help. Bye.
Your welcome, Have a nice day.


Yes, may I have the address for restaurants in the south part of town. Preferably something moderately priced.
There are two options. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food and is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food and is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road. Anything else I can help you with today?
That'it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, enjoy your food.


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would like to know the type of food, address and phone number.
first we have [golden wok] at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4, 3.h l . it is chinese and it's phone number is 01223350688. next we have an indian restaurant at 7 milton road chesterton c.b 4, 1.uy. it is called the nirala
Do you have the phone number for nirala?
The Nirala's phone number is 01223 360966
Thank you, good bye.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your meal at The Nirala.


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north.
[saigon city] is a good choice. Do you want to book ?
Does it serve unusual food? That's what I'm looking for.
Saigon City offers Asian Oriental food.
How about [chinese] food?
The Hotspot and [Hakka] are expensive restaurants on the north side that serve chinese food. Would you like to book one?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Definitely. What day would you like to book the reservation?
You know what? I'm not quite sure when I want to go. I'll just take the address, postcode, and phone please.
Hakka is located on Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy. You can call them at 01223568988. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is the [aylesbray lodge guest house] still in operation? I stayed there the last time I was in town years ago and enjoyed it.
It certainly is! Would you like more information on it?
no, i just want to book a room, can you help me with that?
Sure. What day would you like it for and how long will you be staying?
I would love it if you could reserve a room for Friday for 1 person for 3 nights.
Okay. I'll book a room for one for you at the aylesbray lodge guest house for three days starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you I just need the reference number for the reservation. That's all I need today.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SHL5DAFU . may i help with anything else ?
No thank you for your help.
Thank you, I hope you are having a nice day.


I'm looking for a hotel in the north.
There are two options, Ashley hotel and Lovell lodge, both are two stars and moderately pricing, would you like me to check for bookings?
Are either of those in the north? it should have free parking too
They are both in the north, and have free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation at either of them?
Do either have free parking?
They both offer parking.
Is either one a guesthouse?
I am sorry but they are both hotels. Would you like a reservation?
May I have you check one more time to make sure there are not any moderate priced guesthouses in the north that include parking. I'd much rather stay in a guesthouse.
There must have been a glitch in my system. I am showing 7 moderately priced guesthouses in the north that have free parking. Are there any other amenities you require?
Can you please recommend one and book me a room for 6.
I would recommend [Acorn Guest House]. What day will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay?
it will be for wednesday for 6 people, 4 nights.
Okay, I have that booked for you. Reference number is WZYCQL4O
I need a place to dine as well, [chinese] food same area as the hotel.
Any price range preferred?
Same general price range as the hotel please.
I recommend the [Golden Wok] at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton. Can I reserve a table for you?
No thanks, what's the postcode though?
The post code is cb43hl. Can I get you any other information?
Yes can you help with a taxi?
Certainly. What will be you departure and arrival sites and times?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [19:15]. I will need the contact number and car type as well.
I have you riding fancy in a blue honda, you can reach them at 07390748168. How else can I help? .
That was all I needed.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


We're looking for some places to go in town. We'd like some information on pools and boating in the centre. Can you help with that?
Definitely! Are you more interested in a pool or a boat?
My kids are wanting to swim. What are the options in that area of town?
Here is an option in that part of town [parkside pools].
Okay. May I have their telephone number, entrance fee and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223446100, postcode is cb11ly, and there is no entrance fee listed. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I keep hearing about this hotel called [Home From Home]. Can you tell me anything about it?
Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. It has free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 7 on sunday, please.
How many nights will you be staying?
It will be for 2 nights.
I have booked the hotel for Sunday for 7 people for 2 nights. Your reference number is SRSOTYZ4 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi between the two places.
Before I can book you a taxi, what time are you planning on leaving parkside pools to go to home from home?
I want to leave by [14:15].
I booked the taxi. It will be a red ford and their phone number is 07801759620.
Thanks. You've been a great help today.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No you have taken care of all my needs thank you so much and have a good day.
You're very welcome. It was a pleasure to help you. Good-bye.


Can you help me look up a particular hotel that I have in mind?
I am happy to help, what was the name of the place?
Its the [huntingdon marriot]. I'd like to book it for 8 people on 2 nights starting on wednesday, and I'll need a reference number.
Your booking was successful reference number is 1QVLVD25
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called [mahal of cambridge].
Okay, the Mahal of Cambridge serves indian food and is located in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please book a table on Wednesday for 8 people at [17:15], I'll need a reference number.
I was able to book it, reference number is T2SNWPJA
Thank you. That's all I need.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Take care. Bye.


I need a train leaving after [8:15] going to stevenage.
Is that leaving from cambridge? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
TR8913 will leave at 9:21 and arrive by 10:10. Do you want to book a seat? It will cost 12.80 pounds.
No that is all I need for now.
Do you need help with anything else? Hotel, attraction, etc?
Yes, a place to stay/ I am treating myself so make it an expensive one with free parking.
Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in please?
Any area would work. It needs to be a 2 star hotel.
The [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for me.
I'd be happy to help. Is it just you, or will you have other guests? And for how many days will you be staying?
I do not want to book it. I just need the postcode.
Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed.
Ok great, have a fantastic day!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge looking for a train.
Where are you coming from for your visit?
I am leaving Bishops Stortford.
I have the system up but still need the date and time.
I would like to leave after [18:00]
The TR9891 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please for 1 person.
You have a seat reserved on TR9891, reference #6K7A74SN . Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book me a table at [nandos city centre] for [21:00] and give me a ref number
I'd be happy to. Please confirm the day you would like the reservation.
Saturday please.
You are now booked for Saturday at Nandos City Centre. Your reference number is RMJ6DTL . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it for today thank you.
Thank you for using our service!


Looking for someone that serves [Australasian] food?
No restaurants serving australasian food can be found. May I find another type restaurant for you?
How about [European] food?
Galleria serves European food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range.


Do you know of any cheap [indian] restaurants?
There are 4 to choose from. Would you prefer the centre or north?
I would like it to ideally be in the center.
I have the kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, could I have a table for 1 please?
sure, first let's figure out which restaurant you would like. kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge?
let's try [the gandhi].
What day and time will you be coming in?
I will need a table on wednesday at [18:15].
i will book you up, welcome
I need the reference number for the booking. Also can you help me find a train going to Cambridge Wednesday?
I have booked a table for 1 at The Gandhi. Your reference number is WJBOROQR . Can you give me more information about the train you need?
I need a train on Wednesday from stevanage to cambridge. It needs to arrive by [10:45].
The TR4626 could get you there by 10:43, does that work for you?
Absolutely! What is the travel time?
Travel time is 49 minutes.
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I believe I am to book that for you, shall I book it?
No, thank you. I need to check some other things before I book.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is all for now.
There are two other trains that arrive earlier that day if you are interested. Would you like that information as well?
No thank you that will be all.
Thank you for using ours services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thank you. That is all I need.
thank you for using this service


I am looking for a place to stay. I needs to have moderately priced rooms and reside somewhere in the east part of town.
There are 3 places that fit your needs. A and B Guest House, Carolina Bed and Breakfast and Warkworth House. Would you like to book with any of these?
Do any of those places have free wifi?
All three have WiFi. Can I book one for you?
Do all of them have free parking as well?
Both [Warkworth House] and Carolina Bed and Breakfast have parking available. Shall I make a booking?
Can you please book a one bedroom at Warkwoth house and I also am looking for a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the same area.
What date, number of days, and number of people would you like to book at Warkworth house?
One person on Sunday at 17:00 please.
Before we make your restaurant reservation, let's take care of the hotel. What day are you arriving, how many nights are you staying, and how many people?
It's just me. I am arriving Sunday and staying one night. Can you provide the phone number for the restaurant?
The number for Rajmahal is 01223244955.
I apologize. I seem to be a bit ahead of myself today. What kind of hotel was the Warkworth house?
That was a guesthouse, all 3 options are guesthouses.
Is there one with free parking?
Yes, warkworth, has free parking!
Are there any Indian restaurants around that hotel?
Yes, there are 4 different Indian restaurants in that area.
Ok, of those 4 is there one that is moderate priced?
Curry Prince and Rajmahal are both moderately priced. Which one could you like?
The [Rajmahal] is fine. You said the phone number is 01223244955?
Yes, that's the correct number for the restaurant. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, you've been a great help.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Thanks, you too.
You are welcome, goodbye!


Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.
We don't have anything matching that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about something in or very close to west Cambridge with a 1 star rating and free wifi?
Regretfully, my system isn't showing any 1 star hotels on the west side with free wifi.
Actually, try to see if there is one with a 4-star rating, not 1 star.
[Huntington Marriott Hotel] is very nice.
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can let me know their phone number, whether they have free parking, and address?
yes they do have freee parking. they are at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.phone number is 01480446000
Great thank you. Can you also help me find a train to london kings cross?
I have several trains that meet your criteria. Where will you be departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'll leave from cambridge on sunday. And I want to arrive no later than [11:15]
I have train TR7423, it arrives at 05:51. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book 3 tickets for me and then give me a reference number for that booking
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is: OB34HA2U . Can i help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That was it!
thanks and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a museum in town
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Any particular one or area you are looking for?
I'd like to visit one with a low or free entrance fee. I also need to know in what area the museum is located.
I can recommend Broughton House Gallery. It is free and in the centre of town.
Is the [Broughton House Gallery] a museum? I am also looking for a place to stay. Preferably in the north.
Yes it is a museum. There are many hotels that match your criteria. Do you need free wifi or parking?
I do not need to have free parking or wifi. Please check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of a hotel for our stay.
There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range or number of stars in mind?
I would like it to be at least $100 a night and 3 stars.
I have two available guesthouses. They are both moderately priced. [The Alpha-Milton] and [the Hamilton Lodge]. Would you like more info on one of those?
Does one of those offer free parking? I would like it to have that where I stay.
The [Hamilton Lodge] has free parking and internet as well. I can try to book it once I know the day, length of stay, and how many people.
Great. Could I get the postcode, phone number, and address please?
The postcode is cb41da and the phone is 01223365664. Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is All. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I would like to find a museum to visit while in Cambridge.
The [Fitzwilliam museum] in the centre may be a good choice, thank you.
Could I have the post code and phone number for that one please?
Sure thing! The address is Trumpington Street and the phone number is 01223332900. Can I help you with anything more?
I am also looking to book a train. I will be departing on Kings Cross station in London this Friday.
What is your destination and time preference?
I'd like to go cambridge and leave after [15:15].
What time would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I would like to book for 8 people.
Okay great, your booking was successful and your reference number is : 6KJK9QY1 .
That's all I needed, thank you!
Glad we could be of help, have a nice trip!


I am trip in Cambridge looking for a restaurant.
What kind of restaurant?
I'm in the mood for [Spanish] food. Are there any on the east side of town that are in the moderate price range?
There are no spanish restaurants in the east, but there's one in the centre called La Tasca. Would you like more information?
No, I really want to stay in the east. How about an [Italian] restaurant?
there are 15 in that side. what is your price range?
It should be moderately priced.
Great news. The [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton] is in the moderate price range in the east. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
book a table for 7 people at [15:45] on monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : WS8I58FS . Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need.
Great. Have a good day.
I will also need a train that will leave Cambridge after [2:00] pm to Ely on Tuesday
TR1534 leaves at 05:50 and arrives at 06:07. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I sure can. Your reference number is DX6XOLRA .
Thank you so much. What about helping me look for an attraction?
Sure! What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like something fun.
I'm sure I can find something for you. Is there a specific area you'd like me to look in?
Let's forget about the attraction for now. Can you help me with a train?
You need a train in addition to the one we have already booked for you?
No, thanks I'll take the train that is already booked.
Is there anything else that you need?
Yes, lets look for that attraction. I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.
Okay, so you'd like an attraction in the east. Did you have anything in particular in mind?
You know, I've changed my mind. I don't need anything else today. Thanks very much for your help.
Sure. If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. It's been a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.


Hi there, I need to know where I can find the Parkside Police Station.
You can find them at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Do you have the phone number for that police station?
Sure thing! Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you for your help
Any time. That's why we are here. Need anything else?
No, that's it. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.
What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.
What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.
There are several. Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by [10:00] if at all possible.
There are trains departing every hour. TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO . Is there anything else you need?


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I am looking for a train can you help out?
That's not a problem. Where will you be going to?
Stansted Airport, I will need the train to leave after [10:15] please.
Can you tell me what day you need the train and for how many people?
I need the train on Saturday and I am booking for 4 people.
The TR6310 train departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 10:24. Will that work for you?
That is perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with that, as well?
Certainly. What part of town do you prefer?
I'm sorry, there's been a mistake. I need to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport. The train must leave after 10:15. I need four tickets.
I have a 10:40 and every hour after that. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number for that booking?
I can most definitely give you the reference number once the booking is complete. How many tickets would you be needing?
Like I said, I need four tickets.
Sure, I have booked four tickets for cambridge to stansted airport saturday, your reference number is YONURJSX . May I help with anything else?
I will also need a place to stay. A cheap guesthouse.
There are several guesthouses that are cheap. What area would you like it to be in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Thursday, if that fails one night. I don't care the area but I will need the reference number.
sorry unfortunately that is not available perhaps for another day?
Is there another cheap guesthouse available? I need it to be booked for Thursday.
I was able to do a 1 night booking at [Finches Bed and Breakfast] for 4 starting on Thursday. Reference number DKZG9AWZ . Any else I can assist you with?
That is everything. Thanks for the help.
You are very welcome. I am happy to help anytime. Have a wonderful day.


i am looking for a train. The train should leave on Monday and should arrive by [12:45].
Where would you like to go?
I would like to depart from Cambridge, and travel to Bishops Stortford.
Is there a time you would like to be picked up by?
I want to get there by 12:45.
The TR7928 goes from cambridge to bishops stortford on monday at [11:29] arriving at [12:07]. Shall I book that for you?
I need to book it right now but what is that travel time?
The travel time on TR7928 is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
What is the price for that train?
The price is 10.10 pounds per ticket. I can make those reservations for you if you'd like.
Not right now. I need to make sure of how many of us can go. Thank you
Glad I could help.


Can you book me a taxi to arrive by [23:30]? Oh, and I am departing from [wandlebury country park].
I would be happy to book that, first I will need to know your destination.
I want to go the [Tandoori Palace].
07903665107 is the contact number, I have you in a black honda.
Thank you so much you've been very helpful.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.
Glad to be of service, Goodbye.


I need to catch a train into Cambridge. Could you help me find one?
Of course. What time and from where are you departing?
I need to go to cambridge from broxbourne and the train should leave after 10:00 on a tuesday.
Train TR6989 leaves at [10:32] and arrives by 11:32. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I need tickets for 3 people please.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 23926N66 . Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
I also need a place to eat serving [indian] food
which side of town do you prefer?
Only the best will do. Can you find me something in the expensive price range?
I found multiple Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. There are many choices in the Centre, which part of town do you prefer?
Any area is fine. Please just recommend a restaurant, and send me the address and postcode. Thanks in advance!
Rajmahal is very popular. Their address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their post code is cb58rg. Will that be all today?
that is it for today. have a good day
I hope you have a great time.
thanks again for everything.
You are quite welcome. Thank you for using our services.


Looking for place to eat in the south
There are nine restaurants in the south. What is your price range or type of food you prefer?
I need something in the moderate price range, preferably [Eastern European] food.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything that meets those requirements. Can I try another type of cuisine?
Yes, let's try looking for an [Italian] restaurant please.
I have one in the south, moderate price, would you like to book that one?
Can you just give me the postcode, phone number, and address?
The [pizza hut cherry] hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy phone number 01223323737
I also need a room, with wifi and in the moderate price range.
There are 17 options. Is there a specific area that you would like to stay in?
Let's try a guesthouse, please.
Sure! I'd suggest the Avalon, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi and 4 stars. How does that sound?
The [Avalon] sounds lovely. Would you book it for 3 nights starting Friday for 4 people?
I have booked it for you. Your reference number is UBTSOUBT . Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant and will need it until I leave at [02:15] and after, can you give me a contact number for the taxi and what car type?
The contact number for the taxi is 07992886663.
Could I also get the car type please?
Oh, sure. Be looking for a grey Volvo to pick you up. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I need, thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. Feel free to come back if you have any other questions!


I'm looking for a place called [kambar], can you help me?
Sure! It is a nightclub located in the centre of Cambridge. The address is 1 Wheeler Street and admission is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Can I get the postcode and phone number for them please?
Certainly! Their phone number is 01223842725 and postcode is cb23qb. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [lebanese] food in the centre. Do you have any suggestions?
The ali baba is a very nice one. Should I book it for you ?
Yes can you please book that?
How many people and for what day?
Is the [Ali Baba] cheap?
It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a booking?
Well, then I really want to stay with something cheap. How about [indian] food?
I recommend [kohinoor], they are indian with a cheap price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes. I need their address and phone number as well.
the address is 74 Mill Road City Centre, and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I get you anything else?
Can you tell me which bus i can take to the restaurant?
Sure. What day would you like to go?
The same day.
I'm sorry but I need the travel day to look that up for you?
I do not need a bus, have a nice day thanks for the restaurant information.
No problem is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all
thank you for using this service good bye


Hello I need a place to stay in the centre please.
I have 5 establishments in the centre. Did you have preference in price?
I'm looking to slum it a little bit, do you have any 0-star places?
We sure do! There is a guesthouse in the cheap price range as well as a hotel in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on these?
It should have wifi please give me the postcode
They both have wifi. Postcode for the guesthouse is cb11eg and the postcode for the hotel is cb12tz. Do you need any further information?
Thank you for that, I am also looking for a train as well. It should depart from cambridge on Monday.
Where would you like to go? Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave after [16:00] and go to Bishops Stortford please.
The TR2530 leaves at 17:29.
That sounds perfect, but I just realized you never gave me the names of those two lodging accommodations. Could I have those please?
My apologies. The guesthouse is the el shaddai and the hotel is the cityroomz. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.


I'm looking for an [English] restaurant that's moderately priced..
There are no restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different restaurant?
Okay, then I'm looking for a restaurant with [Chinese] food that's moderately priced.
I have four restaurants matching your request, would you like to hear them all or narrow your request?


I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant in the center of town.
We have several Chinese restaurants in that area. What price range were you looking for?
I want something cheap.
May I suggest Golden House? It sounds like what you are looking for. Shall I provide more information?
Yes, can you give me the address, phone, and postcode.
Sure! 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. The phone number is 01842753771.
Oh goodness. My mistake. I was supposed to be going to the south part of town. Can you see if you have any cheap chinese restaurants in that area?
No problem. Yes there is one [the lucky star].
Can I have the address, postcode, and number for that restaurant as well?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. 01223244277. Is there anything else?
I also need the number to an attraction called [Cambridge contemporary art] please.
The number to the Cambridge contemporary art museum is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi
What are your departure and destination sites? when would you like to leave or arrive?
I need a taxi leaving the attraction by [23:45], heading to the restaurant.
I have booked the taxi. A yellow Audi will be picking you up. Please call 07623682375 should you need to reach them.
Thank you! That will be all for today!
I'm glad I could help.


I am looking for some information on [rosas's bed and breakfast].
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap priced guesthouse in the south part of the city.
Do they have a room available that will accommodate 4 people?
Yes for what day and time please?
4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday
The booking was unsuccessful.
Try another hotel, same price Range of Rosa's.
Would you like me to book you at the [allenbell]? It's in the cheap price range in the east part of town.
Yes, please do.
Okay I have you booked for the Allenbell guesthouse. Your reference code is L0ENMAAG . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
You are welcome. Have a great stay at Allenbell. Bye.


I need a restaurant that serves [Irish] food and is in centre of Cambridge
Unfortunately no restaurant matches that search criteria. Could you like to look at other areas?
Any restaurant then I guess will have to do located in the centre that is moderately priced. Are you SURE their aren't' any Irish restaurants?
There a no Irish places in the centre, in that price range, nor any in town. Shall I try some British food?
Yes please try [British].
I'm sorry. I'm not showing any British restaurants in the centre of town, either? Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of food?
Ok, anything british will do. I need to book a table for 8 people on Monday at [15:30].
[restaurant one seven] is in the centre and its serves british food and it's in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please. And can I have the confirmation number as well? Can you tell me if that is 3 stars?
No, these restaurants aren't graded with stars. But I do have a reservation for you. The reference number is U3AG4VDD . Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I'm not driing so I don't need free parking.
[cityroomz] hotel in the center is moderately priced. It's located at sleeperz hotel, station road. phone number is 01223304050. shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect.
Ok how many people and how many nights?
just me for one night please
And will you also be checking in on Monday?
Yes and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?
They do. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, may I confirm the address of this hotel please?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Great. That is all the information I need. I will book the room later on my own. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system.


i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.
There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks
i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?
No but would you like to try another location ?
Just something in the north, 4 star and free wifi?
Okay, there are 8 guesthouse listings fitting your requirements. What pricerange are you looking for, may I ask?
Do you have anything moderately priced? I need it for 6 people, for 3 nights, starting monday.
They're all moderately priced. I recommend the [Avalon].
Sounds great. Can you book it and provide me a reference number please?
I am not successful with this booking. Do you want to modify the days ?
No, I will need to keep the days the same.
Your all set at [arbury lodge guesthouse]. Your ref number is 593EOJ4K, is there anything else today?
I need to check on a train leaving cambridge.
Can you give me what time you want to leave at? There are multiple trains leaving Cambridge.
The train should leave after [08:45] and should leave on tuesday.
And what is your destination?
I will be leaving from cambridge and arrive at leicester on tuesday.
The earliest train we have leaving is at 9:00. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.
How many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need 6 train tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station
Great!! Can I get the reference number?
Your reference number is KWH3J4WG . Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thanks for your help.
You are welcome,have a good day.


I'm looking for information on a hotel called [hamilton lodge].
Sure thing, here is the address 156 chesterton road
Thanks! Can you book a room for 5 people please? We'll be arriving on Monday and staying 5 nights.
I have that room booked for you. The reference number is RNC1KZBT . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Enjoy your stay!


Yes I need a train on Thursday to go to Cambridge.
Where would you like to leave from?
Sorry, I am leaving peterborough.
What is the day of travel?
Thursday, and it should arrive by [13:30].
We have many trains that match your request, is there a specific time you want to leave by?
I don't want to get there too early. What is the train that will get me there nearest to 13:30.
TR3798 gets there at 13:09.
That's perfect I think. Please reserve 7 tickets for my group, and let me know the reference number when you have one.
Okay great! Your reference number is EOQ7QISL, is there anything else you need?
I will be in the north part of town. I'm looking for a place to go. I might even want to go swimming. Any suggestions?
I have 2 pools in the north. I think you may like [Jesus Green outdoor pool]. Would you like their information?
Yes. Can I have the postcodes, phone numbers, and addresses?
The Jesus Green outdoor pool's phone number is 01223302579, postcode is cb43px and the address is between victoria road and the river. May I provide any further assistance?
No, you have helped tremendously. Thank you.
Thank you! Have a good day. Good bye.


I'm in the east part of town, and I'd like to find a nearby [Scandinavian] restaurant.
There are no venues selling Scandinavian food in the East part of town.
How about [Indian] food. Give me their address and phone number.
There are four restaurants in the east part of town serving Indian food. What price range would you like?
it doesn't matter
[Curry Prince] is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Can I have the phone number please?
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
I need their address.
Of course, it is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 J.J
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Thank you and have a good day. Goodbye.


Can you set up a taxi to [loch fyne] from [hakka] for me?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after [23:00]
I've just booked a taxi for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need the car type and contact number.
Ok it's a white volvo and the contact number is 07915907755.
Got it, thanks. Goodbye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ
That may be good. How many minutes away is that hospital?
Where are you currently located?
Nevermind, sorry. I just needed the postcode and address. I'm all set now.
Great! Have a nice day!


Hi, I need to locate a train to Leicester that will arrive by [16:45].
Okay we can do that. Where are you departing from?
Leaving from Cambridge this coming Thursday.
You have several choices. Trains leave Cambridge at 5:21, 6:21, 7:21, 8:21, and 9:21. The 9:21 arrives at 11:06. Shall I book one of these ?
OK I need one that arrives at [15:45] and I will need the travel time and the train ID.
The closest I have to that is a train arriving at 15:06 and takes 105 minutes to arrive. The train ID for this journey is TR1160. Would you like a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.
Is there anything that I may help you with today?
Yes, I was also looking for a place to stay somewhere in the north.
sure, what price range?
In the moderate price range, please.
I'm trying to narrow 11 choices down. Would you want free parking or free internet?
free parking, please.
How about [Archway House] in the north? It has free parking and free Internet. It gets 4 stars. Would you like to book this one?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 6 people. We'd love to check in on Sunday
Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is PA8I7W04 .
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
Have a nice day.


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. Can you please help me find something in the moderate price range? No specific amenities needed.
Sure, are you staying in a certain part of town?
In the west. And 3 stars, please.
I do not have anything fitting that. Do you have any other criteria I can check?
If that is the case, can you look for a hotel that has free wifi? Thanks
I don't have anything fitting that criteria. Do you have any other criteria I can check or another area?
Could you try looking for something for Wednesday?
I'm sorry, there is nothing that matches your criteria. Are you sure I cannot check another area for you?
Are there any 3 star hotels in the West?
I'm sorry, there really isn't anything in this area that meets your criteria. Perhaps a moderate in another area?
Yes, please try to find something else.
I am sorry there are no 3 star moderately priced hotels.
That would be fine,can you book it for me?
There is a moderate priced guesthouse in the west area that is 3 star. Would that suit your needs?
That sounds good. Can I get a room for 6 people, 2 nights, starting Thursday?
[Hobsons house] is booked for you. The reference number is JHQJLP4U .
I am also hoping to check out some sports locations in the same area. Can you see what attractions are available in the west?
I apologize we do not have any sport attractions in the west area. Would you like me to look in another area?
Can you look to see if there are colleges in that area?
There are five colleges in the west. I recommend [churchill college].
What is the entrance fee and postcode for that one?
Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb30ds
Great! I'll also be needing a taxi. Will you book one that will leave the college at [5:45]? I'd also like the car type and their contact number.
You got it, I booked a red tesla for you. The contact number is 07757471475
Thanks! That's all for me. Have a good day!
Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I want to go see a movie at [cineworld cinema] today. I'll be needing a taxi to get there.
I would be happy to help with your request, where does the taxi need to pick you up from?
I'm departing from [frankie and bennys].
Great. And now I will just need a time from you.
I'd like to arrive by [20:45] please.
You can contact them at 07080271621 and you will be in a white bmw.
thank you, good bye!
Have a great day! Enjoy your ride!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Portuguese] food. Please also provide the phone number.
I do not show an expensive Portuguese restaurant. Can I look for something else?
How about [french] food?
[Cote] is a French restaurant located in the centre part of town and is in the expensive price range. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could I have their phone number?
The phone number for Cote is 01223 311053.
Thank you! Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Yes I would like information on the [Cambridge Belfry].
Yes the Belfry is located in the west and is in the cheap price range but is rated highly at 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would. I'd like to book a room for 3 nights starting on Saturday for 1 person.
I've successfully booked your room at The Cambridge Belfry (Reference #RQ3Z4L32). Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you I am also looking for an attraction in the centre of town too
There are many attractions available, including architecture, college, and museum. Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Can you provide me with the address and phone number of a museum in the centre?
Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great, thanks for all your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for your time!
We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in cambridge!


I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.
I have about 8 options for you. They are all guesthouses. Do you have a preferred price range?
Price is not of any concern, just so it has a 4 star rating.
What dates would you like to stay?
Oh, I think I forgot to mention that it needs to be a 4 star guesthouse. I want to book Saturday for 7 people 2 nights.
All the 8 hotels are 4 star hotels. I recommend the [Avalon] or the Archway House. Should I book one of those for you and your party?
Yes, please book a reservation.
I have successfully booked you for avalon. Reference number is RI8WLX7E . Do you need anything else?


Could you help me find a restaurant that's moderately priced, and services [sri lankan] cuisine?
I'm sorry, I don't see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants. Would you like to try another sort of cuisine?
Yes, are there are restaurants with [lebanese] cuisine?
No, I'm sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the moderate or the expensive price range. Can I help you find something else?
Do you have a moderately priced restaurant serving lebanese food?
Yes. Ali baba serves lebanese. May I book a table for you?
yes see if there is booking for 6 people at [11:15] on thursday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the restaurant. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes, is there another restaurant serving lebanese food that you can recommend?
No I am sorry the ali baba is the only one. Another place maybe?
Yes, please try a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I was able to book you at [the oak bistro]. your reference number is 11WH7X3K . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it! Thanks!
Okay great! Enjoy your lunch.


I need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre.
There are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre. Is there a food type that you are interested in?
I will just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 5 at [16:00] this Tuesday?
Unfortunately Bedouin doesn't have anything available. Would you like me to keep going down the list?
Yes the next one down the list
Booking was a success. It'll be at kymmoy and the reference number is X651IF9F .
Just to be certain, does [kymmoy] share the same area and price range as Bedouin?
Yes it most certainly does.
Can you book that for me then?
Yes your booking reference number is X651IF9F .
Thank you very much for your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


There's an attraction I'm looking for in Cambridge.
Ok, are you looking for a church?
No. I am looking for an attraction called [Downing College].
Downing College is in the centre on Regent Street. The number is 01223334860. It is even free!
Great! Thanks so much for the info. I am also hoping you might help me find a restaurant in the centre.
There are many wonderful restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a price range?
yes. it should be moderately priced.
Were you interested in a specific kind of cuisine?
[European] would be a nice change.
Okay there are four matches for your request. May I make a suggestion?
Yes, I would like your suggestion.
The [Galleria]. Shall I book it?
Yes, for 7 people please
What time would you like?
At [12:45] please.
I also need the day in order to book it.
Thursday, please. Thank you
I have booked for 7 people at the Galleria. Your reference number is 8YPDWI4I . Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I need. Thanks.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip!


Hello. I want a cheap [barbeque] restaurant.
There is not a restaurant matching your request. Would you like a different restaurant?
Are there any cheap [indian] restaurants?
There are four listings for the provided criteria. Do you prefer the centre or south area?
I don't care.
[Kohinoor] is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their address?
yes please
The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
We have many places to choose from. Do you have a specific price range or area you want to stay in?
No, but I would like a guesthouse.
We have 21 of those, would you like to narrow your choices down by location or price range?
Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?
I recommend the [arbury lodge guesthouse] on the northside. Its in the moderate price range and its located at 82 arbury road. Will that be all today?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, they do offer free wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
I don't need a reservation just yet, but can you give me the address?
Absolutely, the address is 82 Arbury Road, CB42JE. May I help with anything else?
No, that is everything, thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.


I need a taxi to take me to [fitzbillies restaurant]
I would be happy to book that for you, where do you need picked up from?
From [Kings lynn train station].
Ok, and what time will you need to arrive/leave?
I need to leave after [20:00] please.
Great. We have a black volkswagen booked for you. The driver's phone number is 07477854911
Thank you goodbye
welcome again next time


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.
Great! There are 13 places to stay in the north. Eleven of them are guesthouses and 2 are hotels. Do you have a preference?
I would like to find a hotel, preferable one that is moderately priced.
The [Ashley Hotel] at 74 Chesterton Road is nice. Can I book a room for you?
Can I possibly get their phone number?
There phone number is 01223350059. Do you require any more assistance?
What's their postcode?
The postcode is cb41er. Do you need anything else today?
I am looking for a restaurant a friend recommended. It is called the [sitar tandoori].
I found [Sitar Tandoori] for you. It is located in east part of town. It is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Thanks for the info, can you also get me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I need the taxi to be there by [04:15].
I booked you a Taxi. the contact # is: Contact number: 07076540763. Is there anything else i can do for you?
What is the car type?
I'm sorry that I forgot to mention it! It will be a yellow audi. How else can I help today?
That was all I needed. Thanks for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a great trip.
Thank you kind person for helping me!
Please feel free to contact us with any other questions you have! Have a great day!


I am looking for a college in town
Sure, which part of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter. You pick, just let me know the area and postcode please.
Well I have Christ College in the city center and their postcode is cb23bu.
Do you have any other suggestions?
There is also churchill college on the west side. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thank you. I also need a hotel called [home from home].
Home from Home is a guest house located on Milton Road in the north area. Do you need additional information?
I just need a reference number for the reservation.
what dad do i reserve and for how many?
i don't need any dads reserved. i already have one.
I need to know what day you will be arriving and how many nights and how many people will be staying.
there will be 3 people and 4 nights from thursday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : F9WOFY5C . Anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge. Looking for a place to stay in the East!
There are many can I get a price range please?
I am not particular as along as it has 4 stars and free wifi.
There are six guesthouses that meet your needs. I have heard wonderful things about Leverton House on Newmarket Road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I prefer a hotel, is there a hotel in this area that is 4 star?
I am not finding any that meet your requirements. Is there something else you are looking for?
Ok. [Leverton House] guest house sounds fine. Can you book it for 2 nights on Monday? There will be 7 people.
Your booking for Leverton House was successful. The reference number for this stay is 8RX4FFKM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me find a college in the east to tour?
There aren't any colleges located in the east. Do you want to search in other areas or do you want to find a different kind of attraction?
Could you find me a museum instead?
Sure we have many colleges to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please. And I will need the postcode for it.
I recommend, [the gallery] at twelve a high street, their postal is cb15dh, any further questions?
I need also a taxi to leave the hotel by [2:30]
Please provide me with a Taxi that can arrive by 2;30, I would like a phone & reference number.
I'm confused. I need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 2:30. Can you help me with that?
Booking completed! Booked car type : white ford Contact number : 07492685180
Thank you very much! That is all I need.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for an [italian] restaurant in the centre. What is available?
I have a couple I can recommend for you, is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I want it to be in the moderate price range.
The two Italian restaurants in the area are [Pizza Express] on Regent Street and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you give me the phone number of the one on Regent Street?
The phone number is 01223324033, do you need any more help?
Yes, I'm looking for some sports activities in the same area. Are there any places like that nearby?
I'm sorry, there are no sports activities in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
No, can you tell me if there are any museums in the same area?
There are several. Are interested in art, archaeology or the history of science? All are free, by the way.
Glad to know that there is no entrance fee, I go with whatever you recommend. Ill need the phone number and postal code of whatever place you pick.
Personally, I love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I get the entrance fee?
It is free admittance.
Great, thanks! That's all I need today.
Have a great day


I need a taxi to arrive by [09:45]
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
The pickup location will be [finches bed and breakfast]
Ok, I will also need your destination for booking purposes.
I will be traveling to [sidney sussex college] today.
Do you have a time you would like to leave by?
Is [9:00] good? Do you think forty-five minutes is enough time to get to the college?
Yes, the taxi will pick you up at 9:00. It is a yellow lexus.
Great. Can I get a contact number?
Of course, the contact number is 07336173784. Is there anything else you need?
That's all thanks
You're welcome, have a great day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Well how can I help you with that?
I am looking for architecture attractions to visit.
There are about 5 in town and they are all located in the centre area. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, any of them will do. Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Great Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb23pq and their phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to norwich that arrives by [12:30] on sunday.
The TR9533 train arrives at 11:55. May I book it for you?
no what is the travel time on that?
The travel time for that route is 79 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome. Have we met all of your needs today?
yes thank you that will be all
Okay sounds good let me know if you need anything else. thank you
No that is everything I need from you today.
Have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a [corsica] restaurant?
There is no restaurant serving corsica food in the town. What is another type of food you would like me to search for?
Then can you find me one that serves [international] food?
We have three places that serve international cuisine that you should like. Do you prefer East or Centre?
The Centre is fine. I need a table for brunch on Sunday.
I recommend the [Bloomsbury Restaurant]. It's located at Crowne Plaza Hotel, 20 Downing Street. It's a moderately priced restaurant. Can I book this for you?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book a table for 4 people at [11:30] on Sunday? Thanks
I was able to book your party of 4 into Bloomsbury Restaurant on Sunday at 11:30 , Reference: 4ni28yk5 . Can I assist you further today?
I also need a train that will arrive by [18:15].
Sure, which stations are you traveling between?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday and I'd like to arrive to London Kings Cross by 18:15. Is there anything available? What time will it leave?
TR7786 can have you there by 17:51. It costs 23.60 pounds.
What is the travel time?
The trip takes 51 minutes. Would you like me to book that train for you?
not now. that is all i needed. have a good day
Goodbye, enjoy the rest of your day!


I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant
We have 31 matches, Do you have a food type preference?
No, but I'd like it to be in the centre.
We have 21 moderately priced restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from Asian Oriental to Gastropub.
[Asian Oriental] sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 1 for me? I'd like to eat at [11:45] on Sunday.
You are good to go! Your reference number is HQGN4WTQ . Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge. Needs to arrive by [8:00].
I have train TR1480 that leaves Broxbourne at 05:32 and will get you into Cambridge at around 06:32. Would that work for you?
That would be just fine.
How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one will be fine.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : P5KB6WJX . Anything else I can help with?
that is it for today. thanks for helping
You are very welcome. Have a great day.


Can I please book a train for Friday?
Sure, what destination would you like?
I'm going to Leicester.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely no later then [17:00].
I have a train that leaves at 16:21. Would you like a booking?
Yes please can you book me one seat on that train and let me know the reference number?
actually, i believe some incorrect information was entered. i have not trains from ely to leicester on friday after 17:00. let's verify what you're looking for.
Sure, I am looking for a train going to Leicester that departs from Cambridge. It should leave after [10:30] on Friday.
Great! There is the TR8080 leaving Cambridge Friday at 11:21 and arriving by 13:06 in Leicester. Is that the one you want booked?
Yes please make the booking for me for one.
OK, you have 1 ticket reserved on TR8080. The total fee is 37.79GBP, and your reference number is C317WKCR . Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to go in town. Can you recommend your favorite museum?
Sure! I love the [Cambridge Artworks] in the east. It's on 5 greens road and is free admission. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please and their address.
Their phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens Road.
That was all I needed today, thanks!
You're very welcome. Have a good visit.


Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay on the north end. I'd like a place with free wifi.
Can I get a hotel type you are looking for?
It needs to be in the moderate price range
There are 8 guesthouses and two hotels meeting your needs. Do you have a preference as to type?
No, I dont have a preference. I need it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Here is the reservation in Avalon guesthouse, the address is 62 gilbert road, post code cb43pd, and the phone is 01223353071.
Thanks thats all I need today,goodbye.
Your welcome and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I need its address and phone number please
[La Margherita] serves cheap [italian] in the west area. It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone 01223 315232
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you.


Hi, I am coming to Cambridge next week and am really excited by all tourist attractions available.
Yes there are many options available. Do you have a preference for type or location?
Im looking for a hotel in the west that's cheap.
I have 2 options that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on that. What's the best cheap place in that part of town?
I would suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast. They have 4 stars and offer free wifi and parking. It's a great little guesthouse. Can I book you a room?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode please?
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223276653 and the postal code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need some information on attraction called [Tenpin].
They are an entertainment place in the south area. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Can you tell me the postcode also please?
I'd be happy to get that for you. The postcode is cb17dy.
Do you have its address as well?
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
OK, great, I'm sure I can find it now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that is it. Thanks!
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital, can you please help me?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ and their phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I want to go eat so please find me a restaurant in the South. Money is no object so something expensive please
Sure, I found Chinese, Italian, Indian and Mexican restaurants. What sounds good?
Any of those sound good what do you recommend? I just need the address and type of food they serve.
I'd recommend the Good Luck Chinese Takeaway. They serve Chinese cuisine at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Also need a hotel in the same area and same price range.
Okay, I have one match. It's The [Lensfield Hotel] and it is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Does it have free wifi?
It certainly does. Shall I book it for for you, then?
No, I just need the address, thank you.
The address is 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
Nothing else. Thank you for researching the restaurant and hotel. Goodbye.
Welcome again it has been a pleasure to serve you


I need to go to london kings cross by train
Okay! Do you know where you want to depart from or the day of the trip?
yeah. Cambridge to london kings cross.The train should leave after [15:30] on Friday
TR6626 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00. Would that work for you?
Anything leaving a little bit earlier but after 15:30?
Actually, that is the earliest train available that leaves after 15:30. The next train before that departs at 15:00 which wouldn't fit your criteria. Would you like to book any tickets?
I guess that will have to do. Go ahead and book it.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 23ELORQB .
I also need a place to stay.
I can help you with that, but let me gather a few more details. What area of town would you like to visit?
The North, please. Also, I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
How many stars would you like?
Any is fine, as long as it has free parking.
There are two options. City centre noth b and b and worth house. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
Not yet. Can you just give me the phone number and postcode of the Worth House?
Sure. The phone number is 01223316074 and the postcode is cb41da.
Why thank you for your kind help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks for all the help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves [Indian] food and is in the higher price range. Could you give me information on this kind of restaurant?
I have about 14 different options. Did you prefer a certain area of town to dine in?
I would like one in the west.
[Tandoori Palace] is an expensive Indian restaurant located in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 5 people at [18:15] on Wednesday. I would also like the reference number.
You're booking is all set. Your reference number is 5DFJFXLC . Can I help you with anything else?
Would it be possible to book a train from cambridge?
Can you tell me where you're departing from so I can look into the train schedule?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Where would you like to travel to, and at what time and day?
I'm going to Peterborough on Thursday, I'd like to leave after [10:30].
I have train TR5159 leaving cambridge at 11:06 arriving in peterborough at 11:56 on thursday. Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Let me think about it please.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the travel time on that train?
The travel time on that train from Cambridge to Peterborough is 50 minutes.
Ok, thanks. Can you also tell me the price per ticket?
It's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
I would like 5 tickets please. Can you give me a total price?
Okay, the total fee is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is MJUGFPX5 .
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you good bye.


I need a taxi at [Peking Restaurant] to take me to [Royal Standard].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by [16:15].
Okay. A red lexus will pick you up. They can be reached at 07101377388. Did you need anything else?
I think that is all I need, thank you!
You are more than welcome!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [kosher] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food. Would you like me to check another area?
Are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all?
I'm sorry. There are none.
Alright. Can you find me an [indian] food restaurant instead?
Sure, there are 22 Indian places in the city. Do you have a price range you're looking for?
Something expensive please.
How about the [Curry] Garden in the city center?
Sounds perfect. Can you book a table for 3 at [19:15] on Thursday?
I'm sorry I was unable to do so. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Just make sure it is something in the expensive range.
I was able to book you into the Curry Garden, an expensive Indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is DHF9VBTS .
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I got injured. I need a phone number for a hospital near by.
Here is the phone number for Addenbrookes Hospital, 01223245151.
Thank you so much! I think that is all I need today.
You are very welcome. I am glad I could help you today.


i just want a place to go with a swimming pool.
I found swimmingpools in the areas of east, north and centre. Which would you prefer?
You pick the area as I don't have a preference.
[Parkside Pools] is a great place located in the centre, would you like more information?
Yes please. Get me the address
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I need a train, on Thursday. Arriving by [2145].
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from stevenage on thursday.
The TR9547 gets into Cambridge from Stevenage at 20:43. Will that work?
Yes, I just needed info for now. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I'm trying to take a train from bishops stortford to cambridge
Okay great, there are plenty of options for you. Did you have a certain day and time in mind for departure?
I want to leave on monday after [18:30].
There is a train that leaves at 19:29, would you like to book it?
What is the arrival time? I also need the train ID and price.
Your arrival time is 20:07 on train TR5806. Total price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that won't be necessary. I would like to find a place to stay though, and I'll need free parking.
Indeed, we have many options with free parking. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Well, I need a place in the south with a 4-star rating, but either hotel or guesthouse is OK.
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is in the moderate price range and rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range. Which do you prefer?
Can you send me the hotel type and postcode and whether they have internet?
Both have internet and are guesthouses. Aylesbray lodge's postcode is cb17sr. Rosa's postcode is cb22ha.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Please let us know if you need any more assistance.
Thank you, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome. Have a good day.


I need a college in the centre.
There are 5. Christ's college, corpus christi, downing, emmanuel and gonville and caius anyone in particular?
I have no preference. Could recommend one and provide the entrance fee and address.
Sure, [Downing College] is located on Regent Street and admission is free.
Great! Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant called [Rice Boat].
Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant at 37 Newnham Road Newnham wich is in the west part of town.
Can you book a reservation for me? I need a table for 7 on Sunday. At [19[:15]], if possible.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to book another day or time slot?
Can you please try and book it for [18:15] instead?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DGJK87XC .
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to the restaurant for our reservation.
I have booked you a taxi. it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07695884119
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day!
You're welcome, and you, too.


I am looking for an Eastern restaurant, medium price
There are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the East of town. Would you like to go to Curry Prince?
Yes, please. What is the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes the Curry prince is located at 451 New market Road Fen Ditton with a postcode of cb58jj. Their telephone number is 01223566388.
Okay thank you. Can you tell me their hours of operation?
I'm sorry. We do not have hours of operation in our database.
OK, then that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Alright. Thank you for calling.


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [gastropub] food.
The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] serves Gastropub food and is in the moderate price range.
May I please have the phone number?
01223 308871 Will that be all?
Thank You that's all
You're welcome!


I need a taxi at [cherry hinton hall and grounds] at [2:45].
Where is the destination?
I need to go to [Avalon] and could you give me the car type and contact number once it is booked?
I have booked it. You will look for a white ford, the contact number is 07591624763


I am looking for a free entertainment.
What did you have in mind?
Never mind that for now. I need a hotel in the centre that includes free wifi and in the expensive price range.
How about the [gonville hotel]?
That's fine. I'll need it booked for Sunday, 3 nights, and 6 people, please?
Sure thing I have your reservation number. It is FVN5JEV0 .
hi how are you ? may i help you sir?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge for Sunday to arrive in Cambridge by [20:45] please.
Okay the TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives at 20:08.
I will need 6 tickets.
Reference number is : 4AUYL0VX . What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you so much for all the assistance.
Thanks for using us. Have a nice trip.


Can you find me an [italian] restaurant in the centre?
Sure, there are 9 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for something on the cheap side, please, although I'd like to get good value for the money.
There are three Italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range. They are pizza hut city centre, ask, and [zizzi Cambridge]. Which do you prefer?
Any of them will be fine. As long as it's cheap. I need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please.
I would recommend ask as it is a nice place.
Yes, please book ask for 4 people at [12:15] on monday.
I'm sorry but I couldn't book you there. How about another restaurant?
Yes please, same price range as before.
Okay I was able to get you into the Zizzi Cambridge and your reference number is GI0FZMKL .
Okay thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your lunch.
Thank you. I will.
Okay. Don't hesitate to call us if you need anything else.


I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge please.
There are 70 trains leaving from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. Is there a particular time slot you would like?
I need a train that leaves after [10:15] on Tuesday.
I've got a train leaving 11:17 and arriving at 12:08, will that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, please book that for 6 people please.
Your total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is UQ49PB37 .
I'm also looking for a museum in town. Can you recommend something?
There are 23 options. Would you like to search by area?
How about the centre?
Broughton house gallery is always lovely. That's located right in the centre and it's free to visit. Does that work?
Yes. May I have their postcode please?
Their postcode is cb11ln. Anything else?
No, that's all! Thank you so much for your help!
That's great to hear, I'm so glad to be of service. If at any time you need information about our lovely towne please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I want a place that serves [Swiss] food.
I'm sorry that we don't have any swiss restaurants nearby. I could recommend several other restaurants if you would like?
Could you please try restaurants that serve [Indian] food instead?
We have several Indian restaurants. What area of town are you interested in?
any. book a table for 8 people at [16:00]on tuesday
Okay, I can do that. How about [Curry Prince] in the East part of town? It is moderately-priced.
Yes, that sounds good. Please make the reservation for me.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E4Q6Z78S . Can I help with anything else?
Sure, I'm also looking for a particular attraction called the [holy trinity church].
What information are you looking for?
I need the area and entrance fee
No problem. It's located in the centre of town and is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thanks for your help!
Anytime! Enjoy your visit.


Are there any trains on Monday?
Yes, there are 404 of them. Where are you heading?
I'm heading to cambridge from peterborough.
What day and time would you like to leave?
I want to arrive at [19:45]. I would like a ticket for 1 person.
I have several trains available arriving by that time. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive by 19:45. After you book me a ticket can you provide me with the reference number please.
I have booked train TR7917 and it leaves at 18:48. The reference number is 78GFL146 .
I also need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at. Internet and parking are not important to me.
Well I have several options that are all moderately priced. What area of town would you like to stay in?
ANy area is fine, I'll go with what you recommend.
I found you the [hobsons house] in the west side of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book it and send me the reference number.
when would you like to check in and for how long will you be staying?
I would like to book for 1 person monday for 3 nights.
You are booked on Monday for 3 nights for one person. Reference number is: FZKBQY6I .
Wonderful, thank you!
you are welcome. I am glad I could assist.
Thank you that is all the help I need today.
Okay great. I am glad I could assist you today.
Thanks. Goodbye for now.
good day too and thank you


Yes, i would like you to book a taxi for arrival by [10:45] from the [maharajah tandoori restaurant].
What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I would like to leave at [10:45]
Can you confirm for me whether 10:45 is your required arrival time or is it when you'd like to depart? And what is your destination?
I want to arrive by 10:45.
You want to arrive by 10:45 at which destination, please?
I am wanting to go to [Old Schools].
Alright I have a white ford for you. The contact number is 07314884392. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all, thank you
thanks to you and enjoy


i want to find a hospital in town
Cambridge's hospital is the Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.
Great! Have a nice day!


Am hospital in town that should have the [children's oncology and haematology] department.
department phone book (optional) children's oncology and haematology 01223217231
What is the name of the hospital and the address please?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Perfect, Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks. You have been a big help.
Have a good day, good bye.


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve [vietnamese] food.
There is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west area of town that is in the cheap price range called [Thanh binh], should I book that for you?
Yes, I need the reservation to be for five people on Monday at [19:00].
Already booked. welcome
Thank you, can I get the reference number?
Sorry, unfortunately that time is not available.
am asking for the reference number please
My apologies, it seems that this particular booking is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
If the booking fails how about tuesday.
I have booked a table for 5 at 17:00 on Tuesday. They will hold the table for up to 15 minutes. The reference number is 2VNS11P1 .
Okay that's all. Bye.
Thank you for calling us and have a great day. Goodbye.


We would like to find a restaurant that is north of town.
There are 9 restaurants that match your request. What price range are you interested in?
Please find me one in the expensive price range.
What type of food would you like?
I don't care as long as it's expensive.
Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like to reserve a table?
No. Please get me their address instead.
Certainly. [Hakka's] address is Milton Road in Chesterton. What else can I assist with?
give me information about [tenpin] and a taxi to commute between these two places
Tenpin is great entertainment located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. What day do you need the taxi for?
Could I get the postcode for Tenpin?
The postcode for [Tenpin] is cb17dy.
Thank you! Sorry about that. I will need a taxi to leave the attraction by [05:00].
I can set that up for you. where are you going?
I need to go from the attraction by 05:00 to the restaurant.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red volvo Contact number : 07731620452
thanks for all of your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I'm good. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.
Have a nice day.


I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.
I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.
Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I need a train that leaves after [17:30] on Thursday
Where are you leaving from and going on thursday?
I'll be heading from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.
I've got a number of options for you. Did you have an arrival time in mind?
No, I do not.
Okay the TR7360 leaves at 17:39. Will that work?
Sure, book it for 3 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N1C90WGA .
Could you recommend a [college] for me to visit while I'm in town?
[Christ's College] is in Centre. Admission is free. Phone 01223334900.
Thank you so much that will be all, looking forward to Cambridge.
enjoy your time in cambridge


I'd like to find an [Italian] restaurant, on the west side.
prezzo and la margherita are both Italian restaurants located on the west side.
Which one is cheap?
[La Margherita] is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the address and postcode please?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street, City Centre. The post code is cb30af. Can I assist you further?
i also need a place to go which should be in the type of a boat
[camboats] is located in the east or scudamores punting co is in the centre.
Can I get info to the one in the east please. thank you,
Camboats is located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 902 112. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a ride to get to and from both places.
OK, what time do you need a taxi?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [03:45] please.
I'm happy to book you a taxi I need the following information to do so time of travel, name departure site, and name of arrival site.
In summary, I am leaving [La Margherita] restaurant by 03:45 to go to [Camboats].
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07041828683, and it will be a red Toyota. Can I assist you further?
That is all thank you.
Have a nice day, goodbye.


I am needing help with your train schedules.
What is your planned itinerary?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge on Sunday at [18:45].
What time do you want to leave by?
I would like to leave no later than 19:30.
There are no trains that match your criteria. Can you verify the time you want to leave?
I do not care what time it is leaving but check again for it arriving by 18:45.
The closest train i have leaves on sunday at 15:40 and arrives by 18:23. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, and then I need to find a restaurant.
Your ticket is booked. Reference number YWNA32TE . What kind of restaurant are you looking for?
I would like a [chinese] place.
In what area of town?
The centre please!
charlie chan is very popular. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hello, I am looking for information on [kambar]. What do you know about that attraction?
Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre of town. Its address is 1 wheeler street and postcode is cb23qb with an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Alright, that's all I really needed to know. Thanks again!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
Have a great time, and thanks for letting us help!


i need info about [cityroomz]
Cityroomz is a moderate priced hotel located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre. Free internet.
Thank you. Is it considered a hotel or guesthouse?
cityroomz is a hotel, the address is sleeperz hotel, station road
Thanks. I also need information for [Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway]. What can you tell me about it?
It is a beautiful park in the south part of town, on Fen Causeway, Newnham Road. Admission is free.
Thanks so much, you've been really helpful. Have a great day. Bye!
You are so welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Okay, any type in mind?
The train I'm looking for should depart from Stevenage and be leaving after [16:45]. Can you help?
Okay. You mentioned finding a local restaurant, initially. Would you like me to search for one? If so, what kind of cuisine?
I'm looking for something [local]. What do you recommend?
It depends on what your price range is.
Actually I am craving [singaporean] food, price is no object. I would also like something in the centre area.
Unfortunately, there is not a singaporean restaurant in the centre of town. Any other preferences?
Do you have any [asian] expensive restaurants?
yes, there's a place called kymmoy.
Thank you so much for your information.
enjoy your stay in cambridge!


Hey, is [curry king] still open?
It certainly is. It's located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
yes and thank you for your help
Would you like to make a booking or may I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a train from cambidge and shound arrive by [11:45]
Ok. What day will you be traveling and where are you headed to?
I will be traveling on Sunday to London Kings Cross
There is a train leaving Cambridge at [9:00] and arriving at London Kings Crossing at 9:51 on Sunday. Would you like me to make that reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 169.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCP77LOL .
Thanks. We never did book a table at Curry King. I would like to book a table for 8 at [15:30] on Saturday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 7I8PLAM0 .
that takes care of everything i need. thanks for the help. bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train that leaves Saturday going to ely, do you have a train with those details?
There are 10 trains on Saturday that go to Ely from Cambridge. What time do you need to leave or arrive, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to arrive by [13:00].
There is one train that arrives at 12:07. That trainID isTR0718.
I need a booking for 4 people.
I've done that. The price will be 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IR7HSMG4 . Any else I can do for you?
No, that will be all
Thank you, you have been very helpful.


Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.
Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.
I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center. Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.
There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.
I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.


I need a place to stay in the west of town.
I have all price ranges and some guesthouses. Any preferences?
Yes, I would like a moderate price range with a 3 star rating. It doesn't need free internet.
my records shows nome. can we change location?
Can you recheck the same area that has free wifi?
Sorry I missed it before, I did find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with Internet. The [Hobson house]. Shall I make a reservation?
yes, if it has a three star rating
It is. On what day will you be checking in, for how many nights, and how many people?
It will be for 6 people for 5 nights starting from Thursday.Can you get me the reference number?
I have your booking for the Hobsons House. Your reference number is A4UULB11 . What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the guesthouse, one that serves [corsica] food.
there is no place they serve corsica food. can you change the cuisine?
Yes!, Please find a reservation of a restaurant that serves [Turkish] food.
I have anatolia turkish located in the centre. It is moderately priced would you like to make reservations?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 17:30 on the same day.
I can go ahead and book that for you now.
Yes please, can i have the reference number?
I will get that for you now.
Did you book me at [Anatolia] Turkish? I need to book for 6 on Thursday at [17:30].
You are booked at the Anatolia. Your reference number is IS9T6H2A . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Great Thanks for all your help.
Have a nice day.


Hi, I am looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford and departs from cambridge.
There are several trains on that route that run throughout the day. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Sunday and arrive by [11:15].
There is no train leaving at 11:15, do you want to change to a different time.
I am looking for a train that ARRIVES at 11:15 and would like to book it for 5. I also need the reference number.
I've booked you on the TR9904. The price is 40.40 GBP that is payable at the station. Your reference number is 3MF59CSO . Is there anything else?
I am also looking for particular place called [Pembroke College]. Do you have any information about this place?
Sure, it is a college located in the centre area right on trumpington street. Would you like the phone number?
What is the entrance fee and address of pembroke college?
There is no entrance fee for Pembroke College. The address is Trumpington Street.
Thank you very much, that will be all.
Well then, thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive place to dine that serves [catalan] food.
I do not show any matches for your request, maybe change the type of food?
Are you sure? I really need an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food in the centre of the city. Can you check again please?
I am sure, would you like me to check for another option?
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves [indian] food is expensive, and in the centre?
I am sorry there are not Indian restaurants. Can I check for a Chinese restaurant?
There are no restaurants that serve indian food?
I am afraid there is none.
What type of restaurants are located in the city centre?
I'm so sorry, I was mistaken, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre of town. May I recommend [Curry Queen], at 106 Mill Road?
Sounds great! Can you set up a reservation?
Sure. What time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 2 people on Monday at [14:30].
I'm sorry, a table isn't available. Perhaps a different day or time slot would work for you?
Can you try [13:30] instead? Thanks.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z0V0H1YR .
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to go in the same area.
Sure thing, you have any particular attraction in mind?
Something in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions for a museum maybe?
I'd suggest [broughton house gallery] on 98 king street, cb11ln. Anything else?
Yes, could you please give me their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223314960. Anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!


I need to find a four stars hotel in the north that has indoor free parking.
We have seven matches for your requirements. Do you have any additional preferences?
It doesn't need internet included
I have 7 options for you. 6 are moderately priced, and 1, Worth House, has a cheap price. Would you like more information?
Does Worth House have free wifi?
Yes, [worth house] is a cheap four star guesthouse in the north area with free parking and internet. All our options for your other preferences have wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes book me a stay for 4 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday please
Oh, I'm unable to process that. Would you care for a shorter stay?
Can you see if I can get three nights?
I was able to book a room for 3 nights. Your reference number is V96BTDAI .
Oh, thank you so much. You've been most helpful.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [kosher] food in the west side.
I'm sorry, we don't have any Kosher restaurants on the west side. Would you like to try a different cuisine type?
I was really hoping for Kosher.
Unfortunately, there are no Kosher restaurants anywhere in the city. Can I help you find something else?
How about an expensive [Indian] restaurant? I know there are many of those!
We have 5 in the west side. Cocum is very popular, would you like to try there?
Sure. What's Cocum's address, phone number, and postcode?
Here is the information you've requested for Cocum: 71 Castle Street City Centre, 01223366668, cb30ah
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
You're quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye!


Good morning! I'm trying to buy a train ticket that goes from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you help me do this?
I can absolutely help! Do you have a specific day and arrival/departure time?
The train should leave on Sunday and should arrive by [16:45]
I have a train arriving at 08:09 that leaves at 07:19?
No, I'm sorry, that's much too early. Could you find one closer to 16:00 or 16:20?
The latest train departs at 15:48. Does that work for you?
For the one that departs at 15:48, what time would I arrive?
16:38, fifty minute travel time. Shall I book it?
Yes please. I need 5 seats.
Booked! At the station you will pay 66 pounds. Reference number: JQ91RH6X .
Great I also need to find a concerthall to visit in the south.
I don't see anything in that area. Can I search a different area or venue for you?
Sure, how about one that is in the type of entertainment?
There is the [Man on the Moon] in the Centre located at 2 Nofolk St. Their phone number is 01223474144
Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee? Thanks.
I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you for all your help today. Have a great day.
Okay, have a good day as well.


I am looking for [Golden House] restaurant.
Golden house serves cheap Chinese food in the centre of town.
Great. Would you book a table for 1 on Sunday at [12:00], please?
I am sorry but the Golden House was not available on Sunday at 12:00. Can I find another restaurant for you perhaps?
Sure, can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices? And can I get the reference number please?
I was able to get you in at [Charlie Chan], another inexpensive Chinese restaurant in the centre. Reference number P4K1B3X6 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thanks.
Enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance.


Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and would like to find some places to go. Can you help me?
Yes I can! There are a total of 79 different attractions in Cambridge that you can visit. Is there a particular type of attraction you would like to see?
I'm looking for something in the centre of town, maybe an art museum?
There are a couple locations that fit that criteria. Could I recommend [William's Art and Antiques] museum?
That sounds great. Can I please have the address, entrance fee, and phone number?
Yes! The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery; the entrance fee is free; and the phone number is 01223311687. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm going to need a place to stay that has free wifi and in a guesthouse. The hotel rating a zero star.
El Shaddai fits your preferences and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you tell me the phone number, address and price range for [El Shaddai]?
The price range is cheap, you would need to call for more specific information. Their phone number is 01223327978, and they are located at 41 Warkworth Street. Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Have a great day!


Where can I get some [British] food that isn't too cheap or expensive?
There are a total of 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Is there any particular location you are wanting such as the centre or west?
No, no particular location. What is the information for the first listing?
Restuarant [one seven]. The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223337766.
Great. Do you know of a high-end hotel I could stay at? It has to have free wifi.
The University Arms Hotel is an expensive place with free wifi, conveniently located very close to your restaurant. Would you like to book a room there?
I might be interested. First, is that a guesthouse style? I would love to stay in a guesthouse style with free parking!
Unfortunately no, it is not a guesthouse style lodging. There are none that fall into the expensive category, would you like me to search for something cheaper that is a guesthouse?
No, that's okay. Are there any hotels available in the moderate price range?
There are 12 [guest houses] that have free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. I would like a room for just me for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
I'm sorry, all those guesthouses are book for that time frame, could you arrive another day or for a shorter stay?
Can we try 3 nights?
I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights. Your reference number is 25Y826UQ . Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you help me reserve a taxi?
Sure, I can help you with that. Where is your departure site or destination? Perhaps you have a certain time in mind?
I'd like to go from the restaurant at [08:45] to the hotel. Can you let me know what kind of car and how to contact them?
Ok. A grey lexus will pick you up at restaurant one seven at 08:45. The contact number is 07669997265. Can I help you with anything else?
That's it.. thank you.
It is no problem. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, we hope to see you again.


I want to party at a nightclub while I am visiting. Got a good one for me?
soul tree nightclub is a good one in city centre.
How much does it cost to get in to [Soul Tree Nightclub]?
It costs 4 pounds to get into Soul Tree Nightclub. Do you want some additional information about them?
Could you just tell me their post code?
Certainly their postcode is cb23qf.
I also need to find a cheap place to stay that has free wifi, is a guesthouse and is located in the north.
i recommend [worth house] for you
Ok. Book that for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
I was able to book that for you. Your Reference number is : XKB91QUZ .
That is all I need. Goodbye.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I am in center area and need a moderately priced restaurant please.
Yippee noodle bar on King Street meets your requirements if you want asian oriental cuisine.
Actually I'd like [european] food, please.
We have 4 options for you. Would you prefer european or modern european?
European, please. I want a table for 3 people at [13:45] on Saturday.
The [galleria] meets your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, and can I get a reference number?
Unfortunately the Galleria does not have any openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try [12:45]?
I was able to book a table for three at 12:45.
Can you give me the reference number for that please?
Yes, the reference number is MU055FG9 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel. It should be moderately priced, include free wifi and be in the centre of town.
I have [Cityroomz] in the center that is moderately priced and offers free wifi. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me what type of hotel this is please?
It is a moderately priced hotel in the city's centre. No stars.
Can I get it's postcode?
It's located in Postcode CB12TZ. They can be reached at 01223304050 if you have more questions. Would you like to book a room?
No that's all the info I needed I need a taxi between the hotel and restaurant though to get me there by [12:45].
I was able to book a yellow audi. The contact number is 07525058220.
Okay, thank you, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train out of Norwich on Thursday.
What is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge, I need to get in by [18:00]
I have several trains, shall I book one?
As long as I'm there by 18:00 it doesn't matter.
I have booked you a train arriving at 17:35, the reference number is U0BVSOSQ and the total fee of 17.6 GBP will be payable at the station.
Thank you for your help! Have a good day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre; goodbye!


I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by [08:15].
Train TR5154 is departing cambridge to london liverpool street on friday, leaving at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Is this one okay?
No, I need a train to Norwich on Saturday.
There is a train that runs from Cambridge to Norwich on Saturday and arrives by 07:55. Would you like to book it?
That'll work! What time does it leave and what's the ID?
The trainId is TR0953 and it leaves at 6:36.
Can you also tell me the travel time? I'm also looking for an attraction called [Primavera].
TR0953 going to norwich has a duration of 79 minutes travel time. Primavera is a museum in city centre, it is free to get in. Do you need the address?
Yes please, and also the phone number!
Primavera is located at 10 king s parade, the phone number is 01223357708. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! I appreciate your help.
Great. Glad to have been of service. Thanks for using our service.


Is there a park I can visit in Cambridge?
What type of park are you looking for?
Any type, but I would like it to be in the south.
Ok. How about [wandlebury] county park?
That sounds great! What's their address and postcode?
there address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae anytheing else?
I need somewhere to stay. Moderate in price, please. It doesn't need to include internet.
How about alpha-milton guest house?
I'm really looking for a hotel instead of a guest house.
Unfortunately there are not hotels that match your search criteria. What alternative do you have in mind?
How about a hotel with free WiFi?
we have 3 options where you can choose from
Any of the three would be fine. Can you book a room for Friday for 2 people, 5 nights please?
I've gone ahead and booked you at [cityroomz] in the centre, so you'll be close to a lot of attractions. Your Reference number is : SYEE88PA .
Thank you! I'm also looking for assistance booking a taxi between the two places. Can you help with that please?
I would be happy to assist with that. What is your pick-up point?
I'll need to be picked up at the [wandlebury] county park by [23:45]. I'll be travelling to the hotel.
Your booking is complete, a white toyota will be picking you up. The contact number is 07016487796. Do you need anything else today?
That's it for today. Thanks for your help!
No problem. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for places to go in the west? Can you help me?
Are you interested in a specific type of attraction?
Whatever is popular, but I would like it to be in the west area.
how about [people's portraits exhibition at girton college]?
What kind of attraction is that specifically please?
it's considered a museum.
Thank you. I also need to check on a train, please.
Where would you be departing from? Also, where would you like to arrive?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and go to Bishops Stortford.
What day will you be traveling and do you have an arrival and departure time in mind?
I want to travel on Tuesday from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford by [16:45].
I have 6 trains leaving starting at 05:29 to 15:29. What time would you like to depart?
I need to depart by [6:00] please.
TR2478 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 06:07. Will that work for you?
NO! I said 16:45. Arrive by 16:45. Try again.
Could you please clarify the time that you could like to leave?
Departure time is not important as long as I get their by 16:45
TR8017 will arrive in bishops stortford by 16:07, does this suit your needs?
That's perfect, actually. I am going to need 7 tickets. Can you help with that as well?
Yes, I can. Should I make a booking for you?
Please book tickets for 7 people, please.
Okay I was able to book that and your reference number is IV9FL61A .
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. Have a great day.
You too and thank you.


i need a place to stay in Cambridge thats 4 star with free wifi
the [a and b guest house] is a great place
Do this hotel offer free parking also?
Unfortunately this guest house doesn't offer parking, would you like me to search for similar hotels that offer parking?
Yes I do. When you find it, I need 3 nights for 5 people starting on Wednesday. I'll take the reference number too.
I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try searching for something else?
There are seriously no 4 star hotels with free wifi and free parking in all of Cambridge? I'm pretty sure there should be.
The [arbury lodge guesthouse] is 4 stars, it has internet it is in the moderate price range
Great! Could you book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday?
Sorry for the confusion, I have that booked for you, your reference # is: HQSOZLWH . Can I help you with anything else today?
how about one that is in the type of nightclub.
There's the club [ballare] which is rather nice. Would you like some more information about it?
Yes. May I have the phone number?
sure its 01223364222
Ok. Thanks. All set.
Is there anything more I can help you with?
That is all I need. Goodbye.
Have a good day!


I need to find some [caribbean] food in south town.
There are no Caribbean restaurants in the south of town. Would you like something else?
How about an [Italian] restaurant? I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant.
There is frankie and bennys, their post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and their phone number is 01223 412430.
What part of town is [frankie and bennys] located?
frankie and bennys is in the south part of town.
Thank you, goodbye
Bye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
sure, what would you like to know?
I need a train leaving Birmingham New Street after [15:45].
What day would you like to travel on?
I need the train for Saturday and I'm going to cambridge.
TR3891 leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23, will that work for you?
Great, thanks for the info. I will go ahead and book myself later. Do you know of any good attractions in the centre of town?
The center of town has 44 different attractions I can recommend. Do you have a particular type you were interested in?
How about an entertainment venue?
I have several entertainment venues across the city. What part of the city would you like to stay in?
The centre please. Nothing further than that.
There are no entertainment venues in the centre. Would you like something different?
How about a museum. Any you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee, please?
How about Primavera? Admission is free!
thanks for your help
No problem. Glad I could help you today. Have a safe trip.


Can you help me find a place to dine?
Is there a specific area of town you would like?
I'd like an [indian] restaurant in the west.
Ok, there are six. They are all expensive except for one.
I am looking for something in the moderate price range, please.
I would recommend the [Meghna] for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me a table for 5 people at [12:45] on Wednesday? Thanks
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4O6WBUD1 . anything else today?
I am also looking for somewhere to go in the same area as the restaurant
What sort of attraction would you like?
Whatever is popular, I just need the attraction type on postcode of whatever you pick
Churchhill College is in west and its a college the post code is cb30ds
Okay great, thank you.
Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


i want to book a taxi.
Yes of course, from where will you be leaving?
From [museum of classical archaeology] to [london kings cross train station], please
I have ordered one for you their pick up time is 1:00pm. Is this time okay or do you need a different time?
I need a different time. I want to arrive by [05:30].
Alright. The type of car is a white lexus and the contact number is 07607179806. Anything else?
that is it for today, thank you
Thanks for letting me assist you today. Have a great time!


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
Hello. What type of food are you looking for? There are 21 locations that fit these criteria.
I am looking for one that serves [Turkish] food.
I have Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the address of one of them.
Very well, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
thank you for the help
You're welcome. May I help with anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need. Thanks!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
great day too
Thanks for using our services.


Hi I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.
Let's see what we can find. I have about 17 options. Do you have a certain area you prefer or maybe a price range preference?
I would prefer moderate price range and wifi included
How about [kirkwood house]? It's in the north.
Is it a guesthouse?
Yes it is a guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please I need it booked for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
Alright, I have you booked successfully, and your reference number is F74W1S62 .
That's awesome. Can you also look for a train for me? I'd like to leave on friday after [18:15].
We have many trains on Friday after 18:15. To narrow it down, can you tell me where is your starting location for the train? And what is your destination?
So the train should depart from cambridge and go to london kings cross.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U4G7GGGH .
Did you book that for my whole group? 3 people?
Sorry, no it wasn't. I have updated this info for 3 people Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP. Reference number is : 5VJX8JWT . Anything else?
no that's all for now. thanks, bye
You are welcome. Have a nice trip. Bye.


Can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves [steakhouse] food?
unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you. do you want to try something else?
Yes. How about a restaurant serving [british] food?
I've found several British restaurants in the expensive price range. Does the area of town matter to you?
No it doesn't matter
[Fitzbillies restaurant] serves British food, is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range.
May I have the phone number, please?
Certainly. The number is 01223 352500. Can I assist you any further?
Can I have the address please?
fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you.
Thanks, have a nice day.


Do you have information about the [Saint Barnabas Press Gallery]?
I do, it is located in the east and is a museum, what information would you like about it?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your trip to the museum!


I am looking for [Cote] restaurant.
Would you like a booking at Cote?
Yes, please. I need a table for 5 at [12:15] Saturday.
I'm sorry but the Cote was not available to reserve at that time. Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available?
Yes I have 33 possible choices, would you like them to serve the same type of food at the [Cote]?
Yes. I want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Saturday.
I can check for british food or african if you have a preference.
Which ever is open then, thank you.
I was able to book [fitzbillies restaurant], reference number is 4LXPUXO1 .
Thanks so much!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre at Cambridge.
There are 33 restaurants that fit your requirements, is there a type of cuisine you are interested in?
The restaurant should serve [seafood].
[Loch Fyne] is an expensive seafood restaurant in the centre. Should I book it?
Yes please. Can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday?
What time would you like me to book the reservation?
Please book the reservation for [18:30].
The booking was successful. The reference number is JX5WC64A .
Thanks. Now I need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge on wednesday.
i have found 19 trains. what time do you wish to depart?
I need to arrive by [15:15], can you give me a train ID matching that and a departure time?
TR5499 leaves Stansted Airport at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52. Would that work for you?
That is everything I needed to know. Thanks for your help!
Okay I am glad to be of service. Thanks for calling.


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to find a hotel on the East side that offers free parking
I have six great options for you!
Okay, I am looking for a 1-star hotel. Are any of those options 1-star hotels?
No, there are no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
How about four star hotels that fit the same requirements?
i got 5 options. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me as long as it comes with free parking.
[carolina bed and breakfast] is moderately priced and has free parking. would you like a reservation?
yes please, people for 3 nights. what is a good place to eat nearby?
Let's get the hotel book and then we'll find a place to eat. What nights would you like to stay?
I would like to stay 3 nights starting Thursday. I need the room for two people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6ZS8YKFJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes what kind of expensive restaurants are near the hotel?
We have several. What kind of food are you looking for?
Im not picky as long as it is in the same area as the hotel
Would you like to try [yu garden]?
book a table for 2 people at[11:00] on thursday
What type of food would you like and in what price range?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I have booked you a table at Yu Garden! The reference number is H2380GFA, and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about covers it. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west. There are British, European, Indian, and Thai food to choose from. Which would you prefer?
I would love something that has [British] food.
You should try either Graffiti or Travellers Rest then. Would you like more information about these?
I think I'll try [Travellers Rest]. Could you book me a table there for Saturday?
At what time on Saturday would you like a table reserved?
Please book for 1 person at [16:30]
It has been booked, your reference number is Q1IQNSL8
I also need a train departing from Kings Lynn arriving by [11:15].
What day would you be traveling and where are you going to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on the same day as my stop at Travellers Rest.
I have train TR2514 that departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would be great. What is the price for that?
The price for the TR2514 is 7.84 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a seat?
No, that is all I needed, thank you for your help! Goodbye.
You're welcome. It has been a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a place to go in Cambridge. Are there any good museums nearby?
I'm not showing any museums in that area. Can I lookup another area for you?
what other places are there to go
Actually there are several museums available. What part of town would you like- North, South, East, West, or Centre?
I will take the North part of town please. And can you give me the phone number for the museum there?
Sorry, I did not find a musuem in the north part of town. Want me to try another part?
Yes, I don't really need any specific area. Can you go ahead and find a museum in another part of town?
I think you may like Cambridge Artworks in the east. It is located on 5 greens road.
Perfect. Can I get a phone number to [Cambridge Artworks]?
Yes, their phone number is 01223902168.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay. I would like a 3 star guesthouse with wifi and don't really care about parking.
There are several 3 star hotels. what area would you like it


Hi. Would you happen to be able to suggest a museum in the east side of town?
I found the Cambridge Museum of Technology. It is located at the old pumping station on Cheddars Lane. There is an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Great, that is very helpful. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [indian] food.
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you know what part of town you would like to be in?
Yes I would like it in the same part of town as the museum please.
The [Pipasha Restaurant] is also in the East part of town and fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for 7 people for [18:00] on Wednesday and then send me the reference number?
Sure thing! The reference number is 06G0MUZE . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, that was everything I needed for today!
You're welcome! Enjoy your trip!


I can't wait to tour some local attractions. I'm looking for some places to go when I'm in town. Can you help with that?
of course! how about [downing college], it has free admission.
Awesome, can I have the postcode and address please?
The postcode is cb21dq, and the address is regent street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called [aylesbray lodge guest house].
The aylesbray guest house is a 4 start guest house located in the south area of town and it is moderate in price.
That sounds perfect! Can you reserve me a room for Tuesday for 5 guests?
I have the system up, will this be for one day or more?
I need it for 4 nights
OK, your room is booked. The reference number is NZGYO251 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a taxi to travel between the two places and would like to leave the attraction by [04:00] please.
A taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07045457153, in case you have any questions.
Can you tell me the car type please?
It will be a White Skoda. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today.


I need some information. on a train to london liverpool street arriving by [13:00].
Yes I have 28 entries with that destination arriving at various times Monday thru Sunday
I'm leaving on Sunday from Cambridge, is there anything available?
I have the TR7187 that will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me.
For how many people?
Hold on a moment. Can I first make a restaurant booking?
Yes, we can do that after we finish with your train booking. How many people do you need tickets for?
I don't need to book it yet. What's the departure and travel times for the train?
TR7187 departs from Cambridge at 23:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 01:27. Do you want me to book that for you or move on to restaurant assistance?
I really dislike math, can you just let me know the trip duration if you have it in front of you?
Sure. The trip is 88 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, and then lets work on the restaurant.
How many tickets would you like?
I don't want to book the train right now. Could you find me a restaurant in centre that serves [swedish] food?
There appear to be none in the area. Any other types of food you are interested in?
Is there [British] food in the centre in the moderate price range?
There are four restaurants that serve british food. I recommend [Cotto] for you. Their address is 183 East Road City Centre
What's the postcode with that?
The postcode is cb11bg. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.
Have a nice day!


I am travelling to Cambridge, soon, and would like to gather some information on local tourist attractions.
Great, I can definitely help you with that. Did you have a particular type of attraction or area of town you were looking for?
Actually, I have heard about the great local restaurants. I am looking for something in the moderate price range.
The are 31 restaurants with a moderate price range. Is there a preference for area and cuisine type?
The restaurant should be in the centre. should serve [asian oriental] food. please Make sure you get phone number and postcode.
[Yippee Noodle bar] is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the Centre that I recommend. Located at 40428 King street centre postcode cb11lh. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation on Tuesday for [18:00] for 3 people.
Your reservation has been booked.
Thanks, do you have reference number and phone number? I also need some information on multiple sports places in the same area.
The reference number is not available but the phone number is 01223518111. If you're looking for sports places the [cherry hinton village centre] will work.
Is that in the center of town?
Yes it is in the centre of town


Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.
Sure! There are plenty of restaurants in the centre to choose from. What type of food do you prefer?
I'd like to find a [vegetarian] restaurant, if possible.
I'm afraid there's none of those in the centre. Would you like to try and different area of town?
What about a restaurant that serves [asian oriental] food in the centre instead?
There are a few options in the centre ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
no not really. why don't you pick one a reserve a table for 4 at [19:15] on wednesday please
Your booking was successful at [d[ojo noodle bar]]. Your reference number is SB1NTSYB . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need a ride there. Can you arrange a taxi for me?
Where will you be departing from?
Departing from the hotel and arriving at the restaurant by 19:15.
First we need to book you a hotel or guesthouse. Do you have any preferences for location or price?
I want [kirkwood house]- I don't need a booking, just the postcode.
The postcode is cb41da. How else may I help you?
Now I need a taxi.
I have booked a taxi from kirkwood house to the dojo noodle bar for you. A white honda will pick you up. The contact number is 07516276037. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive to the restaurant by the booked time?
yes, it will arrive by 19:15
that will be okay for now thanks
You're welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Thank you. I appreciated your assistance.
And thank you for texting the cambridge towninfo centre. Take care!


I need to find a swimming pool in the north.
There are 2 swimming pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings [hedges learner pool]. Which one would you like more information on?
Kings Hedges sounds good, what postcode are they in? And do they have an entrance fee?
[Kings Hedges Learner Pool] is in postcode cb42xh. Their entrance fee is a bit of a mystery, however, I don't have any firm numbers. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need some information about a restaurant called [pizza express].
Certainly! What information specifically are you looking for?
I'd like to know if I can book a reservation for 7 people at [18:00] monday.
Were you looking for a booking at Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton? They are both in the centre of town.
Either one will work, I just need to book for 7 people at 18:00 on monday?
The booking was not successful. Would you like to try another day/time?
How about [17:00]?
I've got you booked at 17:00 for 7 at [Pizza Express].
Great I also need a taxi that will get me from the pool to the restaurant by [17:00].
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, please contact 07360365370. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.


I need a hotel close to downtown Cambridge please.
I assume you mean the center of town? We have many hotels in Cambridge covering all price ranges.
I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'm looking for a place in the West. I need free wifi as well, please.
There are four places to stay in the west that provide internet. What price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range, but do you have one that is a guesthouse?
Yes, there are two when will you need the room?
Does one of those two have free parking? If so, I'll book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Friday.
They both have free parking and internet. Would you prefer cheap or moderate priced?
I don't mind cheap as long as it's still reasonably nice.
I recommend [Finches Bed & Breakfast]. It's cheap, but still 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
I need to book 4 people for 5 nights starting friday please
I'm sorry, but I wasn't able to book for 5 nights. Would you be able to stay a different day, or for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night?
Your booking was successful with a reference number EGRKXU88 . Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.
How about the [Broughton House Gallery]?
Okay can you provide me with their address, phone number and postcode please?
Sure. The phone number is 01223314960 and it's located at 98 King Street at CB11LN.
Thank you so much for all your help!
You are very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the help I will need today.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good evening.


looking for a train going to Cambridge.
What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and need to arrive by [13:00]
How about TR3350 that leaves at [05:17]?
you can book it. get me the reference number too
W8YHJKSV is the reference number
Thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm planning a trip and I need a train departing from broxbourne on thursday.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after [09:45].
The first available train from Broxbourne leaves at 10: 32. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I just need the train ID, travel time, and price, please.
The train ID is TR5979. Travel time is 60 minutes and price is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Will there be available seats?
How many tickets do you need and I can check for you.
No thank you. I will worry about that later. I also need a [lebanese] restaurant in the centre.
Okay, [Ali Baba] matches your preferences. Would you like a reservation?
Can you make me a reservation for Thursday for 7 people at [19:00]?
Okay, your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is OXUW2L23 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.
Perfect, glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Help me find a train that leaves after [09:45] on Saturday.
The TR5170 departs at 11:00. Would that work?
Does it depart from Leicester?
TR6678 departs from Leicester at 10:09 on Saturday. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YYKJRD9R . Will that be all?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It needs to be cheap and in the east.
There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. I would recommend the [Autumn House]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
does it have free wifi and parking?
It sure does. Can I get you more information?
Okay would you be able to make a reservation for me for 4 nights for 5 people starting Saturday?
Your booking is a success. Your reference number is: HHCGQ5HZ . Yes, it does have internet.


Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday departing from cambridge?
and where would you like to go ?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn, please.
At what time will you be traveling?
I would like to arrive by [11:45].
Train# TR7548 leaves Cambridge at 10:11, arriving in Kings Lynn at 10:58. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.
Yes, the reservation is complete. You can pay 29.4 GBP at the station. The reference number is: GSD9FUA7 . Can I help you further?
I am looking for museum type attractions in the centre of town
I have found 11 museum attractions. Do you have a preference or would you like me to suggest one?
I would like one with free admission.
primavera has free admission. Their address is 10 king s parade
Thank you very much, that is all I'll need.
thanks you very much
you welcome and good bye
Good bye, enjoy your day.


I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday to go to Cambridge.
Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Peterborough and leaving [after 14:15.]
Do you have a time that you want to arrive by?
no. book for 2 people and give me the reference number.
TR0904 has been booked for 2 people on thursday at [14:48], cost is 33 GBP and reference number is U120DUFH . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any facilities for multiple sports on the west side?
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions on the west side of the city. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area you'd like to try?
Can you please recommend a museum and give me their address?
I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street. It is actually free!
Thank you very much, I appreciate your help. Good Bye.
Glad I could be of assistance. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that offers free wifi. Do you have any of those?
I have several options that meet your criteria. One is in the centre with 0 stars, two in the north with 2 stars.
I am sorry I am actually looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking. Is there any available?
I have not hotels matching your criteria.
Can you locate me a 3 star hotel with parking.
I'm sorry, but I am still not pulling any matches up.
Could you check again? A moderate priced, 4 star hotel or guesthouse, that offers free wifi and parking.
none in our list. can you change location?
Are there any 4 star hotels or guesthouses with free parking and wifi in a different price range?
the [university arms hotel] is located on regent street and is expensive.
Okay. That will work. I'll need to book it for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people.
I have booked the University Arms Hotel for you for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
please give me the reference number for the hotel
I will get that for you


Hello looking to come out there. Currently trying to find a train that leaves on Wednesday so I may arrive by [9:00].
What is your departing location?
I will need to depart from Cambridge and will be going to Leicester.
I think the best option is TR9110. It leaves Cambridge at 6:21 and arrives in Leicester by 8:06.
Ok. I'll go with that one.
Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Not at the moment. But I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to visit while in town.
There are five architecture attractions located in the centre. There are four that are free and one that costs two pounds, which price would you prefer?
I was actually wanting an architecture attraction in the east. Are there any?
unfortunately there aren't any in that area either. would you like to try a different area?
How about any museums in this area?
I have four different museums on the east. Three are free admission and one costs 5 pounds. Are you interested in further information about them?
Yes, please. Can you select one of the free ones for me, and then give me the address and postcode?
I suggest cambridge artworks, the address is 5 greens road and the post code is cb13ef.
Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye
Goodbye! I hope you enjoy your trip.


I can't wait to go to the [adc theatre], in cambridge. How do I get there?
Sure their address is Park Street and their telephone number is 01223300085. Would you like me to book you a taxi to get there?
Yes please but can I have the postcode as well?
The postcode of the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find a restaurant that serves [international] food that isnt so expensive?
[The Varsity Restaurant] is located in the centre and has moderate pricing. Would you like for me to book you a reservation?
I would like to see if I can reserve a table for 5 on Saturday at [12:15] if possible.
I'm sorry, that day and time is not available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
would [11:15] work instead?
Yes that time will work. Would you like me to book that table for you?
Yes please. Can I get a reference number also?
I have booked your table. Your reference number is T7YC5FUQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train to [Norwich] on Tuesday.
I absolutely can. What time would you wish to leave on Tuesday?
Never mind. I don't need a train. I am all set.
If there is nothing further, I want to wish you a great day.


Are there any moderately priced hotels in Cambridge? I'm looking for a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Yes, there are three. The Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.
I need wifi and four stars as well.
It doesn't appear that the Ashley Hotel has all these qualifications. Would you like me to search for another hotel in the same area?
Yes, expensive, wifi, four stars.
I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the cambridge area fitting all these all these qualifications. Would you like to alter your requirements?
Could you try an expensive hotel instead of a moderately priced one?
I found huntingdon marriott hotel in the west, and university arms hotel in the centre.
Could you reserve us a room at the [University Arms] then? There are 3 of us and we'll arrive on Friday.
Yes sure. For how long will you be staying?
We will stay 4 nights.
I have made the reservation for 3 people for 4 days at the university arms hotel. Your reference number is 7ARCQZH9 .
I also am looking for [darrys cookhouse and wine shop].
OK. This restaurant is an expensive, modern European establishment in the centre of town. It is located on King Street City Centre.
Can you provide their address, including postcode?
Yes their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and their postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'd also like to book a taxi that leaves the restaurant by [17:30].
What will your destination be?
I want a taxi back to my hotel. Please provide me a contact number and the car type.
Your car is Booked. It is a blue volkswagen and their contact number is 07511504303
Thank you so much! Goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the East part of town. Can you recommend one to me?
There are three restaurants in the east part of town in the moderate price range. Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
can you suggest me some [indian] ones ?
I would recommend [rajmahal], a nice indian place in the east .
Thank you, can you please give me the address and phone number?
Certainly. The address for Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.


Hey! Yeah I am looking for a cheap place to eat in Cambridge. Particularly interested in [international] food.
If you're interested in cheap international food, I recommend dining at The [Missing Sock] located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
That sounds great. Can you book me a table for [12:00] on Sunday for 5 people please?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : RTMFJMPT . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all needed , good bye.
Thank you have a great day.


i just got injured, where is the nearest hospital?
what is your location so i can reach the nearest hospital for you.
I don't know the address, I'm in Cambridge.
Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151. Is there a specific department you would like to contact?
No thank you. That is all the information I need. Thanks for your help.
Let me know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for information on the [Vue Cinema] please?
It is located at The Grafton Center East Road
Could you give me the phone number?
The phone number is 08712240240.
Can you also please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Is there a type of food you would like?
No any restaurant would be okay I just need the type of food they serve.
How about the midsummer house restaurant? It is located at Midsummer common in the centre.
what type of food do they serve?
They serve British food. Will that work for you?
Yes British food is fine,can you reserve a table ?
Sure, for how many people?
Sorry, you know what, I'll just walk in and demand they seat me. That also works out so well. That's all I need today, thanks!
thank you. enjoy your stay.


Hi I am looking for some info on the [Worth House] hotel.
The worth house hotel is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the north. It provides parking and internet. The address is 152 chesterton road postcode cb41da. The phone number is 01223316074.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Can I make a reservation for you?
I'm not ready to book but I appreciate your help. Thanks!
You're welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you'd like to make a reservation later.


Need a place to stay, free wifi. Needs to be a hotel.
Please tell me your price range and whether or not free parking is important to you.
I don't require free parking, but I would like the hotel in the expensive price range.
There are 5 all across the city that meet your needs. Is there are certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Downtown would be best.
[University Arms Hotel] meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Great can I get the phone number of them?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for the [India House] restaurant. I will need to book a table for 1 person at [16:30] on Tuesday. Please give me the reference number.
Your table at India House is all set, reference #GCAE8HPF . Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking to book a taxi between the two places.
Which site will you be departing from, and which will you be arriving at?
The hotel to the restaurant. I want to make sure that I get to the restaurant by the time we booked please.
The taxi is booked it's a grey bmw the contact number is 07585544024.
Fantastic, thank you, have a good day.
Thank you! You as well! Enjoy your stay!


I need a restaurant in the east.
I have several restaurants that would work. Do you have a price range?
not really. just book it for 6 people at [15:00] on monday. Get me a ref number please.
thanks. the reference number is 0KSZQNWL
I also need a place to stay and would like to fins a guesthouse with a star rating of 4.
Which area would you like to stay in?
On the East side please, in the same area as the restaurant
great, i have 6 options for you! do you need parking or wifi?
I'm impartial to both, but would like to know if they have or don't have internet available.
They both have internet.
Ill take the one in the East,can you book it for me?
Might I suggest the [Autumn House]. It is cheap and in the east. 4 star rated and they offer free parking and wifi. What day for your reservation?
Sounds great! May I please have the postcode?
Sure! It's cb58rs . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need today thanks for all the help.
You are very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further service. Good-bye.


I need a train that Departs Tuesday with the destination of cambridge.
Yes I have a train leaving on Tuesday at 05:17 from London kings cross.
Is there one departing Kings Lynn later than [16:15] please?
Yes, TR5793 is departing kings lynn at 17:11 and arriving at cambridge at 17:58, will this work for you?
Yes. I need a booking for 3 people.
You're all set! The total fee is 29.4 GBP and your reference number is 2I8XTN6S . Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to find a restaurant serving [British] food in the Centre of town.
I have 7 fitting that criteria, what price range do you prefer?
The price range doesn't matter to me, but can you book at table for 3 people at [19:15] on Tuesday?
I am sorry I cannot book for that many people at that time, another time slot perhaps?
How about [18:15] then?
I have confirmed your reservation for 3 on Tuesday at 18:15 at [The Oak Bistro]. Your reference number is 82YQHDQQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.
Ok, thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi and has a 4 star rating? Thanks!
Acorn guest house is available would you like to stay there?
Is it moderately priced? Also, I think I need it in the east part of town.
The [a and b guest house] is moderately priced and in the east part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Please, thank you.
Their number is 01223315702, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for information on any places of entertainment in town.
I have 5 different entertainment attractions in town. I have 2 in the east, 2 in the south and 1 in the west. Did you have a preference?
same part of town as the hotel.
Sure I have two entertainment places the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and the Funky Fun House. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the postcode
Cherry hinton hall and grounds has the postcode cb18dw. Funky fun house's postcode is cb58hy. Do you need anything else?
I now need a taxi
Ok, can you confirm where you want to be picked up and when?
[09:45] at [Funky fun house's]. Please give the car type and contact number?
I would love to help where are going to?
back to the hotel
I have a Grey Audi scheduled to pick you up from funky fun house at 9:45 and take you back to the hotel. your confirmation # is 07146100465. Anything else?
Nope that'll be all thank you.
Glad I could help. Have a great day!


I'm looking for some info on an attraction called [king's college].
Kings college is free and located in the centre of town.
Excellent. Thank you for your assistance!
You're very welcome. Will that be all?
I would like to find a place to stay with a 2 star rating and free parking.
There are 3 hotels with a 2 star rating. Two in the North and one in the East. Would you like more information on one of them?
I would like the east please.
I have the [express by holiday inn cambridge]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the expensive price range?
It is. Would you like a room?
Not at this time but what is their address and postcode?
The address at [express by holiday inn cambridge] is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their postcode is cb13lh. Anything else I can do for you?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
How many people will be traveling?
I need to leave the attraction by [03:00].
OK, I have a blue audi coming to get you at King's college at 03:00 to take you back to the express by holiday inn cambridge. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Are there any colleges in the west of town that I could go to? Thanks.
There are 5 colleges on the west side of town. I recommend checking out Churchill College. It's beautiful and free to get in!
What is the address to [Churchhill College]?
Churchill college is on storey's way.
thank you! I also am looking for [carolina bed and breakfast]
Carolina bed and breakfast is in the east area, can I book that for you?
No thanks, just gathering information. Can I get the hotel type, phone number and postal code please?
You sure may. It is a beautiful guesthouse located in postal code cb13nx. Their phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you for the info.
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
Glad I could help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.


Are there any [Chinese] restaurants in the centre?
Yes! There are ten of them, ranging in price: cheap, moderate, and expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like one to be in the cheap price range.
Why not try [Charlie Chan]? It is a Chinese restaurant in the centre serving food in the cheap price range.
That might work. What's their address?
Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, address will do just fine. I need to book a hotel room that has free parking, can you help me please?
Most of the hotels in town have free parking. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be in the centre if possible.
We have 4 places to stay in that area, is there a specific type of hotel or price range you're looking for?
I definitely want a hotel and not a guesthouse. I would also like for it to offer free parking.
I have 2 expensive hotels in the area with free parking. gonville hotel and university arms hotel. would you like me to book one of these?
Not just yet, but can you tell me the address for whichever is your personal fave?
I recommend Gonville Hotel. The address is gonville place postcode cb11ly. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's perfect, thanks so much for your help!
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [Belgian] food.
I have nothing available meeting your request, would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine?
Yes, is there any expensive [European] eateries?
Yes, there are 4 expensive restaurants serving european food. Which area would you like?
What is the address of the restaurant?
[Michaelhouse Cafe] is at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre. How does that sound?
What is its phone number?
The phone number is 01223 309147.
Okay, thanks. And what area is it in please?
It is in the centre part of town.
That's good, thanks.
Would you like anything else?
That's all. Thank you, goodbye!
your welcome. thanks for calling


I need a Friday train, to arrive by [19:30].
there are many trains! where are you coming from?
I am heading to Broxbourne from Cambridge.
Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
No, I just know that I need to arrive by 19:30.
TR2436 will arrive in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
yes please for four people
I have you booked on train TR2436 for 4 people, your reference number is UGROZAQ1 . 71.59 is payable at the station, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at earlier the same day.
Did you have a particular type of cuisine you were looking for?
I am flexible on the cuisine. But I would like something in the centre of town that is expensive.
I recommend [Fitzbillies Restaurant]. It is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British cuisine. Would you like to make a reservation?
book for the same group of people at 12:45 on the same day
I will book it for you and get a reference number


im looking for a place that serves morden [european] food and with a cheap price range
There is one restaurant that serves modern european at a cheap price, it is [the river bar steakhouse and grill] in the centre of town. Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table there for 1 on Friday at [11:45]?
OK, you have a table for 1 at The River Bar, reference #G2XQJ7B5 . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to go for some entertainment in the east. Any Recommendations?
How about the [Funky Fun House] on Mercers Row?
Sure, can you give me the address, phone number and entrance fee. Thanks.
You can call them at 01223304705. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. Their entrance fee is unlisted
Great, thanks for that. Are you able to also book me a taxi so I can commute between the two places?
Yes, what time are you wanting to leave?
Well before [11:45] to make sure I don't miss the reservation would be good.
I have reserved you a taxi. they will be in a blue audi with the phone number 07033607984 if there is any issues.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Okay, you are so welcome! Bye!


I need a train for tuesday leaving after [13:15]. Do you have one?
I have 229 results for trains leaving after 13:15, could you be more specific on where you want to depart/arrive and what day you are traveling?
Of course, thanks! I'll be traveling on Tuesday, departing from Stevenage.
First train leaves at [13:54] on tuesday
That sounds good. Can I get the train ID and the departure/arrival times?
The ID is TR1830 and it leaves at 13:54 and arrives by [14:43]. Do you want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. But can you tell me a little about [Churchill College]?
Yes, it is located in the west. Address is Storey's way. It is free to enter.
Great, and what type of attraction is Storey's Way? Also, backing up a bit, can you give me the travel time for Train TR1830?
The travel time for TR1830 is 49 minutes. What would you like to know about churchill college?
What sort of place is it, and what area of town is it in?
The entrance fee is free and its located in the west area. Churchill college is a college.
Just want to make sure I understand you correctly, Churchill College is a college, but what type of a attraction is it? Is it a college museum?
It appears to be listed as a college in the West. Is there any other information on it you would like?
No thank you.
Okay, and is there anything else you need help with or will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I need right now. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
We have over 100 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food preference?
No, not really, but it's nice to know I have a lot of choices. I'm also looking into booking a train to Cambridge.
I can help you with train information into Cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Stansted airport. I need to leave after [10:15] on Wednesday.
We have a train leaving at 10:24. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, please, I need 7 tickets.
Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is : HDT6N9D9 .
Thank you for your help.
Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is HDT6N9D9 Anything else I can help you with ?
Thanks! I am looking for a restaurant called [travellers rest]. I want to make a reservation there
I can help you with that, however I need to know what day and time, as well as how many people will be in your party.
It should be for wednesday at [17:45] and 7 people please
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 79UL6EX4 .
Thank you so very much.
No problem, may I assist with anything else?
That is all for now. Thanks!
You're very welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay.


Greetings, I'm looking for a hotel to stay at on the southend.
Do you have a price range?
I would like it to be cheap.
I have one listing for rosa's bed and breakfast, would you like other information or like me to make a booking?
Yes, I would also like free parking and prefer a guesthouse.
I found [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast matching your request. Would you like me to book that for you now?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 8 people starting this Friday
I have reserved your room. The reference number is 0L7YKIHN . Can i do anything else for you today?
I was also hoping to find a restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel.
If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the south there is a Chinese one and a Portuguese as well. Do you have a preference for price or style?
The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and I would like a restaurant that serves [barbeque] food
There is only Chinese or Portuguese available
Tell me about the [Portuguese] restaurant
The restaurant is [Nandos]. I think you'll really like it. It's cheap and in the south area of town at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, post code cb17dy.
book it for the same number of people at [14:30] on the same day
[Nandos] is booked with the reference number 38RU5UDA .The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Yes, I need a taxi to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booking time. Nice car, no clunker please.
I was able to book the taxi arriving at nandos by 14:30. It will be a yellow ford and the contact number is 07126119012.
Great! Thank you so much!
You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
You are welcome, enjoy your day.


I need a place to stay in the north in the moderate price range if you could help me.
[Acorn Guesthouse] offers moderate pricing in the North. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. Please book it.
What day will you be arriving?
I need the booking for 6 people, for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.
Okay, the booking was successful. Confirmation code is KNHD4Q79 .
Also I need a train to Cambridge to depart Norwich at [8:30] on Tuesday. I need the train ID too.
Of course, train TR4134 will be leaving Norwich at 9:16, would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the train ID. Thanks.
Okay, the train ID is TR4134. Anything else today?
No that was all I needed. I appreciate your help.
I am glad to be of service! Bye for now!


I would like to book a hotel.
There are 33 hotels to pick from, what type of hotel do you prefer and what area would you like to stay in?
The hotel should be rated 2 stars and should include frees parking.
I have two hotel meeting those criteria in the north and one in the east. Any preference?
should be in the expensive price range.
No problem. [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is in the east. Phone 01223866800. Address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park cb13lh.
Can you book it for 2 people we can staying for 5 nights starting Monday?
You are booked. Reference KCC745Y7 . You will have a great time I'm sure. Anything else I can do for you?
No that takes care of it thank you
Before I let you go, do you need info on a restaurant, an attraction or travel arrangements?
Well, I supposed you could help me to find a place to go in town.
I sure can! What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter. I am looking for a place to go in the West, please.
My recommendation is the [Cafe Jello Gallery] at 13 Magdalene Street. Admission is free.
Can you also find me a taxi?
Certainly. Where do you want to depart from and at what time?
I need to get from the gallery to the hotel. I want to leave the gallery at [14:30].
No problem. I was able to book a taxi for you. It will be a red skoda and the contact number is 07170717673. Is there anything else?
Thank you! That is all I need.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a department you're needing the phone number for?
I need the [emergency department]. Could I also get the postcode?
Sure, the emergency department number is 01223217118.
What is the postcode?
Their postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No not at this time. Thank you and have a great day!
Thanks, you as well!


I have a particular attraction I want to see, can you help?
Yes can you give me the name of it?
[Milton Country Park]
It's a free park on the north side of town. You can find it at milton country park, milton.
Could I get the phone number for that?
the phone number is 01223420060. anything else?
Can I get the address for Milton County Park and the entrance fee? I would also like to look for a cheap hotel in the centre with free wifi.
There is no entrance fee to the park. The only address I am showing is Milton County Park, Milton. I have two guest houses that meet your criteria.
I need the hotel to be cheap as well. I would like it booked for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday please.
I'll book you in the [alexander bed and breakfast]; it's quite good. Your reference number is 1D3AXX7X . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Do you have any information on the Parkside Police Station?
Thank you for calling. I can tell you that their phone number is 01223358966 and that they are located at CB11JG. Is there anything else?
No that is everything, thank you!
You are welcome.


I'm coming in front out of town next week and am looking for some things to do. Are there any historical colleges or universities to visit?
We have all sorts of lovely colleges to visit, did you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't have a particular preference. Kindly recommend one of those lovely colleges to me please
I would try [clare] hall located at herschel road postcode cb39al. The entrance fee is free.
Great! What is the phone number. Also I need a train departing cambridge going to london liverpool street. I'd like to leave around [12:15].
The phone number is 01223333200. What day would you like the train for?
I need it on Friday please
The first train leaving from cambridge to london liverpool street departs friday at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Will that work for you?
is there no one that leaves earlier?
Do you want to leave before or after 12:15? There are earlier trains if you want to leave before 12:15.
I can leave earlier, just not before [08:00]
there is a train that leaves at [9:59] and arrives at [11:27]. would that work for you?
Yes that is great. Could you give me the price per ticket?
The ticket price is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. That's all I need. Thanks for everything! Bye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional [european] food, that's not too expensive or too cheap.
[Galleria] serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
Great that would be perfect for me, can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant?
I could book that for you if you let me know when you'd like to dine there and how many people will be joining you.
Actually, I don't need booking. I just need the postcode, address, and phone number.
Certainly. galleria, postcode cb21uw, address 33 Bridge Street, and phone number 01223362054.
That is all I needed. thank you. Goodbye.
Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day. Good bye.


Could you help me find a 3 star hotel with free wifi in Cambridge?
I found 5 hotels do you have a part of town you prefer? South, north, west or centre?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
I'm afraid there are no hotels that will meet your needs. Would you like to try a different area of town or price range?
Could you find me a hotel that is in the west with the same criteria?
It sounds like [Hobsons House] is the perfect guesthouse for you. Would you like me to book a stay?
What is the phone number? Do they have free parking?
Yes, they do have free parking, and the phone number is 01223304906 . Is there any other information you need?
Yes one more thing, I am looking for an attraction in the "architecture" category and I would like it to be close to the hotel please.
I am afraid we have nothing that matches your request. Would you like to try another area?
Yes, are there any museums in that area?
There are 7 museums in the west. My personal favorite is Cafe Jello Gallery. Entrance is free! Would you like more information?
Yes, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number for Cafe Jello, please?
sure, phone number is 01223312112 postcode is cb30af and the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
I'll also need a taxi to get between the two places, I'd like to leave [Cafe Jello] by [4pm]. Can I have the car type and a contact number?
Sure thing! I have you booked for a blue bmw and the contact number is 07359941913. Can I help you with anything else?


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
There are 33 restaurants in the area. What type of food are looking to eat?
I would like [Japanese] food.
I have found Wagamama that is an expensive Japanese restaurant located in the Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can I make a reservation for 4 people at [17:30] on sunday?
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes, I need to find another place like that one though.
I am sorry there are no others in that area, would a different area be okay?
Maybe try one more time, any type of food, exepensive, in the centre of town.
Okay, I've booked you at [Little Seoul], a korean place that is expensive in the centre, with reference number PTWG73V3 . May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye
Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves [Chinese] food to dine at? Thanks.
There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Which area of town do you prefer?
In the North, if possible.
The Hotpot and Hakka are both in the North. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of [Hakka]?
Yes the information for Hakka, 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire, +44 1223 568988. Would you like me to go ahead and book your table and for what time?
Not quite yet. But can you help me find a train fro Friday, arriving by [21:15]?
There are several trains that day. Could you tell me where you are departing from and arriving to, as well as a time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave from Cambridge and with my destination being London Liverpool Street. Thank you for your help with this.
TR5212 will arrive at London Liverpool Street at 19:27. It leaves Cambridge at 17:59, and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like a ticket?
I need 8 tickets, please. And could I get the reference number after you book them? Thanks.
I have booked your 8 seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WOEHJGD9 .
Thank you, that will be all I need today.
Glad I could help, have a great trip!


I'm looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.
There doesn't seem to be anything matching your specifications.
What about park attractions?
I found the [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] on Bateman Street.
What attractions are at the Botanic Gardens? Is there a cost associated with the Gardens?
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds, and is a park type attraction.
OK. Can I have the postcode?
The postcode is cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train to go to Birmingham New Street and to leave after [21:30]. Can you book me a train that leaves on Saturday?
TR5413 leaves Cambridge at 22:01 and costs 60.08 pounds. How many tickets do you need?
The amount of tickets today is not important I just want to make sure that I leave on Saturday and if I could get an arrival time please
Train TR5413 arrives at 24:44 OR 00:04 on Sunday. Would you like to book it now?
Yes, two tickets please.
Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 120.16 GBP and the reference number is OYUCGOSD . Do you need help with anything else?
That was all for today. Thank you very much and have a good evening.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I'm looking for an [austrian] restaurant.
What area are you interested in today?
West.
There is no Austrian restaurant in West. Is there another area you might be interested in today?
How about [italian] food?
There are 15 results for Italian food. Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
West part of town
[Prezzo] serves Italian food and is located in the west part of town.
Great, What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01799 521260, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Good bye!


I am planning to visit Cambridge and I will need a place to stay.
I have many listing fitting that description, can you narrow down the specifications a bit?
The hotel I am looking for is called [allenbell].
Allenbell is found in East region and in the price range of cheap and has a rating of 4 stars.
That works great. Can you book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.
It has been booked reference number PIEH7MFG
Thank you. I appreciate that. Can you also help me find a train into Norwich?
Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on tuesday.
There are 19 trains available on Tuesday. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, actually. I'd prefer to leave sometime after [12:45], please.
For how many people?
For 3 people, please. And can I get a reference number please?
TR1659 departs at 14:36 on Tuesday. I have three seats booked for you. Your reference number is BCP0Y15D and you will pay at the station.
How much will it cost me?
The cost is 17.60 pounds.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.
We're happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


I'm looking for a train to stevenage that leaves after [11:45]
The first train to Stevenage leaves at 13:21 on either Wednesday or Friday. Which day will you be leaving?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
On Sunday TR0523 leaves at 13:21, would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will be just fine. Can you please tell me how much it will cost?
It is 10.24 pounds per ticket. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will be fine. I am also looking for museums in the centre.
I have 11 different choices. Might I suggest the [Primavera]. They just added many new exhibits.
Sounds great, what's the post code?
The Primavera's postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you need help with?
No that is all I need.
Okay. Glad I could help.


I've been injured and need to find a hospital nearby.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd., Cambridge. Are you looking for a specific [department]?
No, I just need the general phone number, please.
01223245151, is the number. Do you need anything else?
Thank you that will do.
Feel better soon! Have a better night!


I need a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
Sure, we have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you have a price range you're looking for or some part of town you want to stay in?
I would like in the cheap price range in the west.
I found one guesthouse that meets that criteria. It is [finches bed and breakfast]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Book it for me and I need the address,thank you.
The address is 144 thornton road. I need to know when your stay is going to be and for how many please?
4 people. Starts from Saturday, 4 nights.
I am sorry but finches bed and breakfast is solidly booked. Do you want me to search for another guesthouse?
Yes please another hotel in the same price range if possible.
I am not finding any other cheap places to stay in the west. Maybe a better price point? Moderate or expensive maybe?
How about cheap in any area please?
Okay I was able to get you into the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in the city center and the reference number is QW52L6EX .
Great, thank you very much for your help!
So glad we were able to get you booked. Have a great day. Good-Bye!


Do you have any great places to visit in the centre?
Indeed we do! 44 of them, in fact. We have nightclubs and concerthalls as well as museums and theatres. What strikes your fancy?
Not really, what do you suggest, and can you provide address and phone number?
Primavera is a museum in the centre located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great I'm also looking for a [tuscan] restaurant in the centre of town too
i dont have anything available. for that. Do you have another choice
Ok, what about [mediterranean] food?
Do you have a price range? There are both cheap and expensive options.
Price range doesn't matter.
I would suggest la [gardenia].
Can you book that for 2 people at [11:30] on friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3BCC8OGU .
Thank you. That was all I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I need to find a place to hang out at a college in Cambridge.
Any specific area in mind?
In the centre would be great!
There are several colleges in the centre where you can hang out. Most of them have free entrance fees. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you pick one and get me the postcode, address on phone number?
I recommend downing college located on regent street. The postcode is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge and should leave [after 12:30.]
May I ask you for more information regarding the train?
I'll be going to London Liverpool street on Sunday.
TR2141 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 13:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:57. Are you interested in me booking this for you?
Yes, that sounds ideal. Will you please book for 8 passengers, please.
Your train has been booked. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZAPBD0P6 . Can I assist you any further?
No thank you, you have been helpful.
I'm happy to hear that. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [autumn house]
I have the Autumn House. It is at 710 Newmarket Road. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. Would you book the Autumn House for me starting on Monday, please.
How many people would be staying and how many days will you be staying?
That's for 8 people and it's for 2 nights.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
Could you try Wednesday, instead?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3H0WHD4Z .
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. Thank you for calling and goodbye.


I want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.
Are there any other restaurants I can choose from?
Restaurant Alimentum is also located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can I have the address, phone number, and type of food served by Restaurant [Alimentum]?
They serve modern European food and are located at 152 - 154 Hills Road. Their number is 01223 413000.
Thank you
You are very welcome. Good bye.


Hi, I will be traveling to Cambridge and am excited about seeing local tourist attractions.
Oh I'm super excited for you! Anything in particular you'd like to check out? How about some architecture?
Actually, I would prefer a nightclub.
There are 5 different nightclubs here in Cambridge. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No specific type, I just need the area that it's in, please.
All nightclubs are located in the centre.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the north with a star of 4.
I'm sorry but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
Let's try 3 star hotels, instead.
still no hotels match your criteria
Can you check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of hotel? Something in the North with a star of 4 and free wifi.
There are 8 guesthouses in the north with 4 stars and free internet. Are you looking for parking as well?
No, can you recommend me a good one?
The archway house would be a great choice. It's located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to try and book a stay for you?
No thanks. Could you just tell me their phone umber and price range?
The archway house's phone number is 01223575314, it's a moderately priced guesthouse. Can I get you any more information?
I would also like to book a taxi from the [Archway House] to one of the nightclubs you mentioned. I would like to leave the hotel by [09:45].
Certainly. What is your destination?
Could you recommend a nightclub from the previous search?
Yeah, [the ballare] is great. It's in the centre of town.
No, I did mean 09:45, thank you.
Okay great, the car will be a black honda and the contact number is 07537395912. Is that all you need today?
No, I wanted to check things out during the day time. But thanks for making sure.
Thank you! Goodbye.


Hi, I want an expensive restaurant. East part of town please.
Royal Standard is a Gastropub in East. Is this OK?
is there any other expensive restaurant in east?
Yes there are four other options. What kind of food would you like?
It doesn't matter, just not Gastropub.
May I recommend the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant], then? They're very British, very expensive, and located in the east part of town.
That sounds like something I would enjoy. Could you give me the address and phone number?
Certainly. The Grafton Hotel restaurant is at 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the number there is 01223 241387. Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day! Goodbye.


Hello, I'd like to find a train to Cambridge on Thursday please.
And where will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave from Stansted Airport after [11:45].
I can book you on train TR9775 leaving Stansted Airport going to Cambridge Thursday at 12:24, will that work?
How much does it cost and when does it arrive?
It arrives at 12:52 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like a booking?
Not at this time thank you.
Ok. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks!
Thank you and have a great day!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Okay, that hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you want the phone number?
Yes the phone number and postcode
Hi, the telephone number to the hospital is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Do you need information regarding a specific department in the hospital?
No, thank you. You have given me all the info I need for today.
Okay thank you and have a great day!
You too. I appreciate the assistance.
your welcome, goodbye


I need a train that goes to leicester on sunday
TR2025 leaves at 05:21. Do you need a ticket?
Yes as long as I arrive at my destination by [13:00].
The TR5767 will have you in Leicester at 12:06.
How long will the trip take?
That train leaves from Cambridge at 10:21, it takes an hour and forty-five minutes to get to Leicester.
That's good. Is there a park in the north part of town?
Yes, [Milton Country Park] is located in the north.
Can you get the address?
I'd be happy to help you with that. The address is milton country park, milton and the admission is free! Phone 01223420060, postcode cb46az. Will that be it for you today?


I need to locate Addenbrookes Hospital.
Addensbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Would you like their postcode or phone number?
I need their phone number, please.
Sure. Phone number to the hospital is 01223245151. Anything else?
That is all I need I will be on my way, tootles.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a moderate place to stay in the centre.
The City Room Hotel meets your requirements. Do you need the phone number?
Does it have four stars?
I'm sorry, it only has 0 stars. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No I would like to stay in the centre. Can you recommend a cheap one in that area instead?
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] has 4 stars and is within your price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
what their address? do they have free parking?
The address is 56 Saint Barnabas Rood, and they do have free parking.
Great can I also find a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range?
There are over 110 entries that fit the area and price range, what food type did you have in mind?
I don't have a preference for food type. I do need reservations for 8 at [12:00] on thursday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Could you do another time?
Yes, how about [11:00] instead?
Okay you have reservations at dojo noodle bar and your reference number is WJJDIBTF .
Great. Thanks so much. Can you also get me a taxi from the [Alexander B&B] to [D[ojo Noodle Bar]] and get me there by [11:00]?
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey toyota Contact number : 07149685492
Ok, thank you, that will be all. Goodbye
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.


Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?
Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by [19:30]
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.
How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.
What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09. It's fine. What is the travel time on that train?
The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
No but I am also looking for a place to stay in a moderate price range.
There are several in the moderate price range. Do you have a certain area in mind?
No, but I would like a 4 star rating.
Will you be needing parking and/or internet?
Parking and internet are not of interest to me really.
The avalon meets your requirements. Would you like reservations?
Is the [Avalon] a guesthouse? If so, yes I would like to book for Saturday for 6 people, 4 nights.
It is indeed a guesthouse, and I booked it for you. Your reference number is 2QPHXXOJ . How else can I help?
Thank you for making that reservations.
Would you like me to book you a train, or possibly a taxi?
I don't need anything further.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Thank you! You as well!
Have a nice day.


I need to find a train going to cambridge from london kings cross.
There are 70 trains meeting those requirements. What day of the week are you leaving?
I need to leave on Saturday and arrive by [17:00].
I have a train that fits your criteria Saturday, it leaves at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I need to arrive by 5:00 no 6:00 can you check the schedule again?
I have a train that arrives at 16:08. Is that what you are looking for?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:00.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8602X6OE .
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
OK. Sorry for the confusion about the times. If you need help with anything else just let us know.


I would like a taxi to [Shiraz] Restaurant, leaving after [2:45].
I can look that up, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to be picked up from [addenbrookes hospital].
A yellow honda will pick you up at 02:45. The contact number is 07082444281.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Your most welcome! Please contact us again the next time you need help!


I need a train to birmingham new street that leaves after [9:00].
Sure what is the departure site?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
The TR3732 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 11:44, would that work?
Yes, that would work just fine. Can I get 1 ticket please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. The reference is SU39QA9K .
Awesome. I'm looking for a concert hall in the south too.
Unfortunately, I do not happen to have any concerthalls in the south. Would you like to try another area or different type of attraction?
How about a park?
There is [Wandlebury Country Park] in the south.
That sounds lovely. What is the postcode and entrance fee?
The postal code is cb223ae. And great news! There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Have a wonderful trip!


I have been working all week in Cambridge and need to blow off some steam, what nigthclubs are in the centre area?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. The names are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
[Fez Club] sounds great! Is the phone number available?
The phone number for The Fez Club is 01223519224 and they are located at 8 Market Passage. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Have fun!
Thank you, I will! I also need info for a train.
I can certainly help you with that. What are your departure and arrival cities?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arive in Peterborough, Wednesday, no later than [20:15].
Train # TR4875 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday 19:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 19:56. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Would you please? I would like 5 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 1A27YHAA . Will that be all?
Yes thank you for all the help.
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that is it. Thank you.
You are most welcome!


I am looking to eat moderate priced [British] food
I have five eateries that are British in that price range, do you have a preference of area?
I want it to be in the centre.
restaurant one seven is a restaurant meeting your preferences. There are 3 others that also meet your preferences.
That [one] sounds good. Can I get the address and post code?
The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The post code is cb21ab.
Great, and what is the phone number?
The number is 01223337766.
That will be all. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.


Hi, I'm shopping for colleges. Can you help me find one to visit in the city centre, please?
I have five. Is there one you would like to know about in particular?
Can you name them off for me?
Sure. There are actually 13. The first five we've got is Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Downing College, Emmanuel College and Gonville and Caius College.
Can I get the post code for [Christ's College]?
Sure, it's cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and in the centre of town.
Four star options in the centre of town are limited to the Alexander B&B, and the University Arms Hotel. Does price matter?
Yes, I would like to stay within the moderate price range, if possible.
no matches were found for your description, can we try something else perhaps?


I'm looking for a moderately priced [Japanese] restaurant.
I'm sorry, but there is no restaurant serving Japanese food and in the moderate price range. Would you like to try another type of food or a different price range?
How about [modern european] food?
There are 3 restaurants serving modern European food and in the moderate price range. Would you like the south or centre part of town?
I do not have a preference, please make a suggestion.
de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 Regent Street
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the system.


Please I need a place to Stay in Cambridge and I have the [express by holiday inn Cambridge] in mind. Can you help book that for me?
I can help with that. When would you like to stay?
I am not sure. Would you happen to be able to tell me the price range?
That hotel is considered to be on the more expensive side.
I also need a restaurant in the center of town that serves [chinese] food
What price range were you considering? There are 10 Chinese restaurants in that area.
Price doesn't matter to me. Do you have any recommendations?
I do! I'd recommend the [Ugly Duckling]. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at [12:15] on tuesday.
All srt, the reference number is GCSU8UZP Can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I need a few more specifics before I can book that taxi for you.
I want a taxi between the hotel and Ugly Duckling in time for my booking.
we have booked white bmw and the contact is 07951264256
That is all I will need. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


i want to find an [international] restaurant
Okay! I have found 3. One is in the East part of town, and one is in the Centre. What part of town would you like to dine in?
What is the price range of the one in the east?
The price range for the east restaurant is cheap. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 at [16:45] on Friday please.
Great! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W9RRJVPX . Is there anything else you need?
I need to find a room too.
What area would you like me to look for hotels at?
Doesn't matter so much, as long as it has 4 stars & is cheap. I would also like parking and wifi.
The allenbell hotel is available in the east part of town. would you like me to book it for you?
no all i need is the phone number
You can reach them at the number 01223210353. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need for now. Thanks!
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a local restaurant I can try while in Cambridge. I also need a 3 star moderately priced Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.
Okay. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I'm open to any kind of cuisine. Perhaps you can suggest one.
Why don't we start with the room since those fill up much faster and we'll come back to the restaurant. I have several options in guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range.
Is there a particular area you prefer? I have guesthouses located in the North, South and West areas of town, which would you prefer?
I don't care, I just want it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
We have [Hamilton Lodge], a 3-star guesthouse in the north that's moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book that for me.
Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 16U7AL1E .
I would also like more info on the [Rice Boat], it is a place to eat.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, [Indian] restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road, in the West area.
Will you book a table for 2 at [17:00] on Sunday?
You are booked at the [rice boat]. Your reference number is QWZXQ3XJ . Is there anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by [17:00]. I would need the phone number and the type of car.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from the hotel. Please give me the contact info and car type.
Your car is booked your car type is a grey ford and contact number is 07174899771
Thanks that's all I needed for today.
Okay, you are so welcome! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge and leaves on friday. Any ideas?
From what station will you be departing?
I'd like to leave from london kings cross.
There are 10 trains travelling from London kings cross to Cambridge Friday, what time would you like to leave/arrive?
I need to leave after [14:45]. I would like the arrival time and travel time for this journey as well.
TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive 51 minutes later at 16:08. Do you want to make a reservation?
yes. also find a hotel in the north and should be a 4 star
Let's take care of the reservation first. How many seats should I book?
I don't need a reservations right now. I do need information on a hotel that has 4 stars in the north in the moderate price range.
There are 2 that fit your criteria, [Ashley hotel] comes highly recommended. Shall I book you a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Certainly. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights?
Please book for 3 people and for 4 nights starting Friday. I will also need the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4SQR2CJB . Anything else I can help with?
No that is it. Thanks!
Okay, great! Have a wonderful day.


Find me an expensive restaurant that serves [gastropub] food
I see several options; do you prefer the centre or east of town?
The centre of town.
[Backstreet Bistro] and The Slug and Lettuce are both expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre of town.
I need a reservation for any of those. [16:00], on Tuesday for 8 people.
You're booked at Backstreet Bistro, ref #O8Z7DXNU . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be everything.
Have a good day and enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for a [Chinese] restaurant.
There is a moderately priced one in the City Centre, a noodle bar.
Are there any in the north side of town?
I have three can I get you price range?
any price range is fine with me. please book for mea table for 8 peopleat [13:45] on friday. please get me the reference number
Okay, I've booked a table for you and your guests at Haaka on Milton Road in Chesterton. Your reference number is U47769KH .
Thank you! I also need a train going to Broxbourne.
Sure, I can help you with that. Where were you wanting to depart from?
i'm leaving from cambridge
a train leaves every hour from cambridge to broxbourne. Is there a particular day and time you need?
I need to leave on Saturday.
What time do you need to arrive at your destination or depart?
I need to arrive at Broxbourne by [16:45]
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am needing to find a place to stay while traveling in Cambridge. I would like a guesthouse that is 4 stars.
I have results for 5 guesthouses, which part of town are you looking to stay in, and do you need parking?
I don't care about the part of town, but I do want free parking.
I have found 16 guesthouse style hotels. Is there a specific area you would like or price range?
Like I said I needed a guesthouse with 4 stars... Location and price don't matter.
The [acorn guest house] meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Please do. It will be a 3 night stay for 4 people.
What day would you like to start your stay?
On wednesday please
Okay, I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 5X06NQ04 .
I am also hoping to find a place to eat in the centre that isn't too expensive. Do you have any suggestions for [modern european] food?
There are 2 restaurants in the moderate price range, and 1 that is cheap. Which pricing is preferable to you?
Give me the postcode, phone number and address of one of the moderately priced ones
De Luca Cuccina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect! That's all I need, thank you.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your stay.


Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, please?
There are two hotels available; the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both offer internet and parking and are 2 star hotels. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any 3 star hotels available?
There are no matches, would you like to check other locations?
There are no 3 star hotels in the north with a moderate price?
Unfortunately, no. I do happen to have 2 guesthouses though. Both are moderate pricing and 3 stars. Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, please. Can I get a room for 4 people? We'll arrive on Wednesday and stay 5 nights.
Done! You have a reservation at the Alpha-Milton Guest House. Your reference number is 9SA494XR . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for recommending the Guest House. I am also looking for some town nightlife, especially a nightclub.
We have 6 nightclubs in town. Would you prefer to visit the centre or the south?
I have no preference. Can you suggest one and give me their postcode and phone number?
The soul tree nightclub is quite lively. Their postcode is cb23qf and their phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thank you! That's all for today! Bye bye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range.
I have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements. Do you have a preference?
Are there any [italian] ones?
There are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre, including a Pizza hut. Do you have any preferences?
No, I don't have any preferences. The [Pizza Hut] sounds good, can I get their phone number and postcode?
Sure, they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode. Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.
Sure! Do you have any idea what you want to do?
It doesn't matter. I just need a phone number and entrance fee.
I would recommend Great Saint Mary's Church. The phone number is 01223350914, and the fee is 2 pounds.
I also need a hotel with free wifi and e a 2 star
Three places meet your needs, but two are in the north and one in the east, did you want me to go with those or run another search?
It should be a guesthouse and very expensive
Nothing fits all of that criteria. Would you like me to find you hotels that are expensive, have more than 2 stars, and are guesthouses?
yeah, check hotels instead of guesthouses
[Express by hoilday inn cambridge] is a hotel in the easy, as 2 star rating and is expensive
Awesome. Thanks. Can you book that for me?
Sure, what day do you want to begin your stay? How many days do you want to stay and how many people?
Three people starting on saturday for four nights please. I also need a reference number.
Your reservation for 3 people at express by holiday inn cambridge this Saturday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 3OTVBMSS .
That sounds great, thank you!
May I help you with anything else ?
Thank you for booking that hotel stay for me. That will be all for today.
Enjoy your stay, goodbye!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.
There are 21 different restaurants in that area matching your price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I would like to try [Jamaican] food.
Unfortunately I can't find any Jamaican restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
Okay... how about [British] food?
I found 4 restaurants, would you like to try [Cotto]?
Sure, can you try to get a table for 8 people at [17:00] on Tuesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IAUXALYD .
Thank you, can I also get a train leaving petterborough and arriving by [11:15]
there are eleven trains that match that criteria. What time would you like your departure time to be?
I just need to make sure I arrive in cambridge by 11:15 please.
Before going further I would just like to confirm you'd be leaving on Tuesday, is that correct?
Yes, Tuesday, the same day as the restaurant booking, can I please get a departure time as well?
There is a train that leaves at [10:19] and arrives at 11:09. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book this.
Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to be booked?
That's all I need, Thank You.
Sure thing! The reference number is S4FM08GE . See you!


I'd like a [jamaican] restaurant please.
There are no jamaican restaurants, would you care for another type of food?
alright then. how about [portuguese]?
There are two, [Nandos City Centre] as well as Nandos in the south part of the city, do you have a preference?
May I have the phone number and address for the south location?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your meal! Good bye.


Hi, I'm looking for a [European] restaurant.
The [Eraina] is an expensive European restaurant located at Free School Lane City Centre.
Is this actually located in the centre area? I just want to make sure.
Yes it is located in the centre area, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Please reserve it for 5 people on Friday at [13:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DJ7MZL41 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. I'll also need to find a train out of cambridge. I need to leave sometime [after 13:45.]
May I get some more information from you to ensure we get you on the best train possible for you, the last bit of information I need is where you would like to arrive via train.
Of course, my destination will be stansted airport.
I have train TR1316, It arrives at 15:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and get me the reference number?
Unfortunately, I am unable to book it right now.
Oh. Could you please try again?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GAF920N6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No there is nothing else today. thanks, bye
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.
Do you have a particular type of food you'd like to try?
No, just please make sure the food's unusual, located in the north and expensive.
Saigon city serves Asian oriental in the north part of town.
That's pretty offensive to call Asian oriental [unusual]. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves food labelled as unusual.
I have no restaurants that list there food as unusual, do you have any other preferences?
Ok, how about [Chinese] food? Still expensive and in the north please.
yes, there's a place called the hotpot
Let me have a reservation at [Hotpot] on Friday, thank you.
Ok, how many people and what time?
7 people at [19:45] on friday.
I was able to make a booking for [the hotpot]. You reservation number is 55CAP7FC .
Awesome. Now can you tell me if there is a swimming pool nearby the restaurant? I love to swim after egg rolls!
There are two in the north; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Would you like the location of either of those?
Can you pick the best swimming pool and get me the postcode and phone number please?
I'm going to recommend the kings hedges learner pool located at jedburgh court, kings hedges the post code is cb42xh. The phone number is 01223353248.
I also need to book a taxi between the [hotel] and restaurant. I need to arrive by [19:45].
What time do you need to leave by?
I just need it to arrive by the time the restaurant was booked.
How many people are traveling?
7 people for the taxi.
Ok, you are booked for a 19:45 arrival time, the taxi is a white audi. Is there anything else?
Can I get the contact number for the taxi as well, please?
Contact number is 07625009528 Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to [pembroke college] from [prezzo].
When would you like to leave?
I would like to get there by [13:00].
Ok, what time would you like to leave?
I want to get there by 13:00.
I've booked for you a white Volkswagen, the contact number is 07750608995.
Ok, that's all I need. Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Goodbye.
Have a great trip.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
[La margherita] is in the west part of town, and it is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to know the phone number please
It is at 01223 315232.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye!


Looking for something exciting to do in the Centre. What's the best attraction?
Do you have any preferences for the attraction types?
Not really. Maybe a museum or theater, or something you find interesting.
I'd recommend adc theatre on park street, cb58as. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Can you recommend another one.
How about the [Mumford Theatre]? It's at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the centre area of town.
That sounds like fun. Please get me their postcode and phone number
The postcode is cb11pt and the phone number is 08451962320.
I also need a hotel room.
I found 5 hotels in the centre area. Are you looking for a particular price range?
It is a specific one. [A and B Guest house].
a and b guest house is in the east part of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?


I am looking for a place to dine in the south it needs to be cheap as well.
I have 2 different options that are cheap and in the south. The Lucky Star has great chinese food. Or, there is Nando's that offers wonderful portuguese food.
I'll go with [Nando's]. Thanks.
What day and time would you like a reservation and for how many people?
Please book for 6 people on Sunday at [13:15].
You are all booked. Your reference number is KADPMUCR . Is there anything else i can help you with?
yes, i am also looking for a cinema near the restaurant.
[Cineworld Cinema] is also in the South, close to the restaurant.
Great! Can I get the adress?
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else today?
Yes, could you please book a taxi from the cinema to the restaurant, arriving by my reservation time. And give me the car type and contact number please
I have that booked for you in a grey honda and the contact number is 07797257618.
Thank you. My visit is all set. Thanks for the bookings. Goodbye.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I need a train that leaves on Wednesday after [17:00]
There are 152 trains on Wednesday. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to go to cambridge departing from norwich.
Are you able to tell me your preferred departure and arrival times?
I would like to leave after [17:00].
There are 7 trains that depart after 17:00 on Wednesday, would you like me to book the 17:16 train for you?
Please book it for two people and send the reference number. We are also looking for a moderately priced place to dine in the town center.
TR 2379 from Norwich to Cambridge on Wednesday at 17:16 is booked for 2, reference number D5S6B0GC . There are many options for dining, for kind of food do you like?
The type of food doesn't matter. I need to book a table for two at [21:00] on Wednesday.
I tried to book you at table for two at the [Yippee Noodle Bar] but they have no available reservations. Did you want to try another day or time?
Can you see if there's anything at [20:00]?
Ok, that worked. Your table is booked, and your reference number is 5QH1PWGZ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all thank you very much.
Okay, thank you, goodbye.


Which hotels in Cambridge offer free wifi for guests?
There are several. Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes I am interested in the north and a moderate price range.
can you please tell me when and how many will join you ?
I'm not sure at this point. For now, I just need the address.
How about [Lovell Lodge] at 365 Milton Road?
do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do offer that.
Ok I would like to book a room.
In order to make the reservations, can you tell me for what day, how many guests and how many nights please?
Yes, thursday through sunday and 6 guests.
I was able to book the room your reference number is U4XH256U . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Okay great. How about a [Chinese] restaurant in the same price range?
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] is available, would that be satisfactory for you?
Yes can you book that for 4 people at [14:15] on saturday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q14MS7P4 . Is there anything else?
that is it for today. thanks for helping
You're welcome! If there's anything else we can help with, don't hesitate to ask.


I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
We have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or a certain price range?
Yes I would like a place in the north and in the moderate price range.
We have 7 guesthouses that meet your requests. Can I book a room for you?
I need a hotel starting Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people.
Would you like me to book the [archway house]? It is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
Yes please,if it is available for Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people
I am afraid that was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same pricerange?
I booked for you a room in [hamilton lodge] which is in the same pricerange. Your reservation number is CFT39HL4 . Do you need anything more?
That would be all, thanks for assistance!
Sure, pleasure all mine. Enjoy your stay!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital. the hospital should have the [infectious diseases] department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. They have an infectious diseases department and their number is 01223217314. Would you like to book an appointment with them?
Thank you very much. I will not need to book an appointment.
Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
You are welcome. Good bye.


Yes, I'm looking for a [steakhouse] restaurant in the expensive price range.
Sorry, we're not finding anything. What else you would like to look for?
What other options are there at the city centre in the expensive price range?
There's the Bedouin offering African, Kymmoy offering Asian, and Fitzbillies offering British just to name a few.
[African] sounds great! Thanks!
I can book a table for you at Bedouin if you let me know the day, time, and number of people in your party.
I just need the postcode for now, Thanks!
The postcode for the Bedouin is cb12bd. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you also help me find a train leaving on Saturday after [15:15]?
There are lots of trains then. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'll be going from stansted airport and heading to cambridge.
There is train TR1493 departing Stansted airport at 15:24, if this works for you would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, please book it.
I have booked you one seat on this train. Did you need any other seats? Your confirmation code is CBM69HZZ . Anything else I can help you with?
Can I get an arrival time for that?
Absolutely. You will arrive at 15:52.
Great, thanks! I believe that's all I need for now!
Are you certain you do not require further assistance?
That was everything for today. Thank You!
Train TR1493 departs Stansted airport Saturday at 15:24 with an arrival time in Cambridge of 15:52.
Thank you for you help.
Anything else I can get you today?
No, thank you. Have a nice night.
You too. Good night.


Yes, i need help finding a place to go?
Is there a specific type or area you had in mind?
The area doesn't matter but I would like to find a swimming pool.
[kings hedges learner pool] is located in the north, at jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Could you tell me the postcode as well at the entrance fee, please?
The postcode is cb42xh and I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was all, thank you!
Happy to help. Have a great day.


I'd like some information about the [University Arms Hotel].
sure. it is 4 stars and expensive. they have internet, free parking & located in the center on regent street. phone number 0122331241. shall i make a reservation?
No I just needed to know the information. Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a great visit and please call back if you need additional help.
Actually, I'd like some information about an attraction in the centre dealing with multiple sports.
I could not find any attractions for multiple sports in the centre of town. Is there perhaps another attraction type or area of town I could search for you?
How about a college in the same area?
There are 5 colleges in the centre. Corpus Christi or Downing College are very nice. Would you like more information about one of them?
Can you give me the phone number and address for [Corpus Christi] College?
Sure, their phone number is 01223338000. There will be an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Great, and what is the address? Also, can I just confirm that University Arms Hotel is actually a hotel? I don't like guest houses.
Yes, it is a hotel. Any other questions that I can help with today?
If I can just get the address of the University Arms Hotel please. Thanks.
Sure, the address listed for University Arms is regent street, postcode cb21ad. What else can I help with today?
I never got the address for Corpus Christi College. Could you give that to me?
Certainly! The address is king's parade, is that all you needed?
Yes that's everything, thank you. Goodnight.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I want [english] food.
Please tell me the price range you would like today.
I don't care.
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants serving English food near your area.
How about [Italian] food then. Please give me phone number and postcode please.
Ask serves Italian food, is in the center of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
thank you good bye
Thank you and good bye


I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
Sure, do you know what you are looking to eat?
I am wanting a recommendation so it can be any type of food, but I would like something cheap and in the centre of town.
I would highly recommend the [Charlie Chan] for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?
Sure. Can you tell me how many people will be there and when you would like the reservation for?
No problem. I would like it booked for two people at [20:00] on Saturday.
Your reference number is OWA5YKJI . Do you need help with anything else?
I need to know where a fin place ot go is, I dont care what type, just in the cetre area near where I am eating.
I am sorry what is a fin? Can you please rephrase your question?
Sorry, I am looking for a fine attraction which is also in the center of town.
What type of attraction would you like?
Suggest something to me, near the restaurant.
[old schools] is nice and they are located in the centre
What kind of attraction is that?
Old Schools is an architecture tour.
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need for now.
Thank you for calling and have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Hello, can you help me find information about [Finches Bed and Breakfast] in Cambridge?
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help. Have a good day!
Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!


I am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town.
[La Margherita] is an [Italian] restaurant located in the west part of town in the cheap price range.
May I have the address and phone number?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye


I want to find an expensive restaurant serving [christmas] food.
is there any area you prefer!
No specific area.
I have found no restaurants serving Christmas food in the expensive price range. Would you like a different type of food?
Are there [European] types of restaurants?
Yes, there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant, eraina, and michaelhouse cafe serve european food, with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
phone number and address of [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] please
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.
Ok, there are 13 in that area. Some have an entrance fee.
Can you recommend one please?
Downing College is very nice and they have no entrance fee.
Yes, I will choose that. Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address for [Downing College]? Thanks
Postcode cn21dq, phone 01223334860, and address is on regent street. Enjoy!


Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?
Where in town would you like to go?
I would love to see some of the beautiful architecture that Cambridge has to offer.
I would recommend the holy trinity church, located in the centre of town on market street. Admission is free! Do you need anything else?
Yes, could I get the phone number for [holy trinity church]?
Here is the phone number you requested, 01223355397.
I am also looking for a train that goes to kings lynn leaving [after 12:30.] I would prefer it to leave on Tuesday and depart from cambridge
I have train TR6585 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58.
Do you have anything leaving closer to 12:30? If not, could I have the train ID of the TR6585 please?
The train ID of TR6585........is TR6585. Do you need anything else?
how much are the tickets and the travel time?
47 minutes and 9.8 per ticket
Thank you so much for your help. Have a nice day!
You, too. Thanks so much for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I need a place to stay in the expensive range.
I found 5 expensive hotels, do you have a particular area you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.
I have the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?
Yes, it sure is. Would you like to reserve a room?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : V4BVJWHG . Is there anything else I can assist you?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and have a nice time.


What sort of entertainment is available on the east side of town?
[Cherry hinton hall and grounds] is available, would you like to try that?
Yes! Can you give me the postcode?
Their postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to eat around the same area, for a moderate price.
If you like Italian, I suggest Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like me to book you a table?
I am actually looking for [irish] food.
I don't have anything in the east side that serves Irish food. Can I try something else?
Can you try [italian] food?
I would recommend the [PIzza Hut Fen Ditton] for you. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Please book for 5 people on Sunday at [19:00].
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, 5 people Sunday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: IFRHVXZ2 .


I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday and goes to cambidge
Where do you wish to depart from?
I will be departing from stansted airport and want to leave after [18:15].
TR5921 departs the airport at 18:24 and arrives by 18:52, does this suit your needs?
yes, what is the travel time, train ID and price please per ticket
Train TR5921, 44ld and leaves at 18:24
Could you confirm the travel time and price please?
Train TR5921 leaves Stansted Airport at 18:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:52 at a price of 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book this?
Not, at the moment. However, I would also like to find a hotel to stay with free wifi and a moderate price range.
There are 17 options. Do you care about area, type or star rating?
I would like a 0 star hotel.
There is one option available. It is [cityroomz]. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book it for the same day for a party of 4 for 4 nights.
Do you want the reservations to begin on Friday?
Yes the same day please.
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : RWZ39FBX .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You are welcome enjoy !


Hey I'm looking for a hotel that has free parking, can you find one?
Sure, there are quite a few hotels that offer parking. Any particular area or price range you looking for?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel I believe would be fine. Thank you.
Is the [huntingdon marriott] a hotel with free parking, expensive and a 0 star.If so, that would be great.
How many nights will you be staying and for how many people?
Two guests will be staying for 4 nights beginning on Monday.
I'm sorry I could not book you there. Could we try another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.
I don not have anything in the same price range in the West. Would you like to try another part of town or different price range?
Yes one in the same price range.
I have an [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Would you like me to try to book you there?
Yes, if you could. That would be great.
That one was successful! Your reference number is 057SX3X0 .
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Let me know if you would my assistance. Goodbye!


I want to find a place to stay on the south side. I want free wifi too.
There are a handful of locations in the area that suit your needs. I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, a four star hotel with free wifi at an affordable price.
That sounds great, as long as it has free parking and is a guesthouse type of hotel.
It fills both of those criteria. Do you want me to book it?
Can you tell me the price range? I also need the address.
There at three different price ranges. Do you prefer cheap, moderate, or expensive?
It does not matter. But do tell me the address and price range of the place you book for me.
What day would you like to book?
Please book it for 4 people at 11:45 on Monday.
Before I can book it, I would need some more information. How many days you would like to stay?
What is the address and price range of Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
[rosa's] bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel. their phone number is 122 351 2596.
i would like to book it for seven days, four people, can you do that for me?
I would be happy to book that for you, but first I want to confirm you want to start your stay on Monday is that correct?
That is correct. I'll need a restaurant booked as well, in the same area and serving [Italian] cuisine.
I have 2 italian restaurants for you. I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Frankie and Benny's. Can I make you a reservation at one of those?
I'll take [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton. I'd like a table for 4 at [11:45] on Monday.
I am sorry but there is not an availability meeting your criteria. Would you like to change your day or time so I can try again?
How about [10:45]?
I was able to reserve a table for you. The reference number is 8HB1J70L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take us from the hotel to the restaurant that will arrive by [10:45]. Can you do that for me?
I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a grey Toyota and the contact number is 07075458208. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that's all the info I needed today
You're very welcome, glad I could help! Have a good day.


Would you be able to find me a train leaving on Sunday?
Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and where you would like to go?
I will be going to leicaster from cambridge, departing after [18:45] please
I have train TR9831 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 21:06. Would that suffice?
Yes, that will work out great. Can you please book me 7 tickets for that train?
Okay, I've booked 7 tickets for that train. The reference number is STM2J29A . Is there any other information you need?
That's all that I needed today, thank you!
It was a pleasure to help. We hope you will use our service again in the future. Have a wonderful night.


I'm looking for [hungarian] food in the Centre
I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants listed in the centre part of town. Would you like to try something else?
How about [turkish] food?
There are three restaurants that serve Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
No preference about price range.
How about Anatolia? It serves Turkish food and it is in the centre of town.
What is [Anatolia's] address?
Anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the price range?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.
From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by [09:30].
the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L . Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.
Do you need parking at the hotel?
It doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.
We have some moderately priced guesthouses and some cheap ones. There are no hotels. Do you have a preference?
Guesthouse type is fine.
Which price range would you like?
I'm open to different price ranges. What is available?
[A and B Guest House] would be my suggestion? Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, how much does it cost, and I need the address & postcode too please
Their postcode is cb12dp and their address is 124 tenison road. The hotel is moderately priced
That sounds great thank you for your help.
You are most welcome. Good day.


I want to go to a restaurant in the centre that serves [gastropub] food
There are three gastropubs in Centre, are you particular about the price range or would you like a recommendation?
I need it in the moderate price range please.
I think you'd enjoy The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar located at the Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, could you book The [Cow Pizza Kitchen] for 8 people on Friday at [17:30]?
I have a reservation for 8 people on friday at 17:30, your reference number is ZKOGBRMR .
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 0 stars and free wifi, hopefully in the same area as the restaurant?
The [El Shaddai] is in the centre part of town, has free wifi and 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect, I'll need it for 2 nights on the same day please.
Sure, how many people should I book for?
I need the reservation to accommodate 8 people please
Booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZKOGBRMR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to dine. It should be moderately priced and located in the centre.
We have 21 restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain food type that interests you?
I don't really care what type of food it is. Any of them will do.
We have a wonderful Asian restaurant, called [Yippee Noodle Bar], would you like to try there?
Sure, I'll try it. Can I get their phone number and post code?
Of course, their phone number is 01223518111 and the post code is cb11lh. I can make a reservation for you if you'd like, or help with something else.
Great I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse that includes free parking.
Excellent. Do you have an idea on the location?
Any location is fine, but I would prefer something that is in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses. All the expensive properties are hotels.
Okay, I guess it'll save me some dough if I try for a place that's more moderately priced.
There are a total of 12 guesthouses that are moderately priced in town. Are you sure there isn't a particular section you would like to stay in?
Any of them will do. Pick your favorite and let me know what area they're in, and their postcode and how many stars they have?
Acorn Guest House is located in the north at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately priced and has four stars. The post code is cb41da.
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!


I would like to visit a cinema of the west side.
I am sorry but I do not have any cinema's on the west side of town, can I check a diffrent location or help find something else for you?
How about a museum then?
I have 7 museums in the west of the city, 6 are free entry and one is 3.50. Do you have a preference for a museum or a gallery?
I would prefer a museum. One with free entry if possible.
The [Museum of Classical Archaeology] is lovely, and they have no entrance fee. Would that fit your needs?
That is fine. Book me a ticket and get me a reference number.
We don't have the ability to book tickets for the museum from here, but if you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223335153. Can I help with anything else?
That's all, thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


