i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive
I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?
Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?
There is an Afrian place named [Bedouin] in the centre. How does that sound?
Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?
Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the [University Arms Hotel] in the center of town.
Yes. Can you book it for me?
Sure, when would you like that reservation?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is FRGZWQL2 . May I help you further?
That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye.
Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Guten Tag, I am staying overnight in Cambridge and need a place to sleep. I need free parking and internet.
I have 4 different options for you. I have two cheaper guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Do you have a preference?
No, but I'd really like to be on the south end of the city. Do any of those fit the bill?
Sure. Does price matter? We can narrow it down and find exactly what you need.
No I don't care about the price. Which one do you recommend?
I would recommend [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
The booking was unsuccessful. would you like another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?
Booked! Reference number is: 84ESP6F5
Great. I am all set then. Have a nice day. Bye.
Have a nice stay. Bye.


Hi there! Can you give me some info on [Cityroomz]?
Cityroomz is located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road in the Centre area. It is a moderatley priced hotel with a 0 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
How many days would you like to book it for?
I would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.
Ok, Your rooms have been booked. Your reference number is CYJDAR7R . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I need a restaurant in the west and with expensive pricing.
There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west area. Do you prefer a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference, but I need the phone number and postcode.
I recommend Graffiti, the number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, right now, I just need the infor. Thanks!
Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all. thanks
Thank you for using our system.


I am looking for a hotel named [alyesbray lodge guest house].
i have their info, what would you like to know?
I would like to book a reservation for it. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. First, I will need to know when you want your stay to begin and how many days you'll be staying. Also, how many people will be staying?
We will be arriving on Sunday and will stay for 5 nights.
Can you tell me how many guests will be staying in the room?
There will be 8 guests.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 4UFN3SWC . Will that be all for today?
that is it thank you.
You have a nice day then!
Can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?
sure thing what's the area and or name?
It's a place called [Don Pasquale Pizzeria].
A very nice place in the centre. Need a reservation?
Yes, I do. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at [19:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GVM0PAM2 .
Great. One more thing. Can you book a taxi between the two places? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.
Contact number 07404031593. You are in a Red Skoda.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.
Alright, hope you enjoy the rest of your day.


i need a train on tuesday out of kings lynn
What time of day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Tuesday.
Do you have a time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to leave after [9:30].
Is that 9:30 AM or PM?
Looking for a train Tuesday leaving kings lynn after 9:30 to go to cambridge.
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any trains for that time. Would you like to try another time or a different route?
No, I'd like a train leaving after 09:30 departing from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. Please take another look?
There are no trains running at this time. Can I narrow your search in any way?
Wow...no, I really needed that time. I guess not. Thanks anyway.
I do have a train living at 10:11 of that would work for you.
Yes, that works. Please book for two people. Thanks for checking again.
It's my pleasure. You're booked with reference HXG3N56O . The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Perfect. Thank you for your help. Have a great day. Bye.
Thank you for using our service, goodbye.
Have a nice day.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HXG3N56O .


I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has [Chinese] food.
I've heard good things about [the lucky star]. Need a reservation?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at [20:00] on Saturday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM .
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye


Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport
Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?
Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after [20:00] please
TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?
Can you book me 6 tickets please?
You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J .
I am also looking for The [Riverside Brasserie].
riverside brasserie is a [modern european] restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.
Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.
Can you try for Saturday at [13:00]?
How many people will be dining?
6 people will be dining
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS .
Thanks for everything you have been great!
Thank you is there anything else today?
No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.
Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.
I sure can. There are lots of choices. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, not really. I think I'd like to try something different. Could you suggest something?
There is a Korean restaurant called [Little Seoul] located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, I would like both the phone number and the postcode please.
The phone number for little seoul is 01223308681, postcode cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I also have the address please?
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to see the travel times for a train going from Kings Lynn from Cambridge on Saturday. It should leave after [09:15].
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I got that backwards. Need a train leaving Kings Lynn after 9:15 and arriving in Cambridge sometime on Saturday.
TR2514 leaves at 10:11 and arrives at 10:58. Will this one work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the exact travel time?
Sure. The travel time for TR2514 is 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with today?
that is it for today. good day thank you
Have a wonderful day yourself. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
What area of town would you like?
I would like to go to the south area please.
On the south side, your options are the cinema, entertainment venues, museums, nightclubs, parks, and a theatre.
That's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? Can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? I'm hoping to catch DJ Squalour from Ibiza!
The only nightclub in the south is called the place on 22 sidney street. Phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel with free parking.
I have [places] that fit that description all over town, except in the north. If area is no concern, I recommend the Gonville in the center of town.
Is it four star?
No, it only 3 stars. The [Huntington Marriott] is 4 stars though. It is also expensive and has free parking and internet.
Okay well now I need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by [17:45] to the attraction. I will need a contact number and car type.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07421633218
I want to confirm that the booked red Lexus is a taxi, as I previously requested?
Yes, it is! Anything else needed?
No that is it. Thank you!
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.


Hi, I'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. Can you help?
Absolutely. Where will you departing from?
From Cambridge, which is why I asked the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
What day would you like to leave?
On Saturday. Is there a train that will arrive by [15:15]?
There is! TR7213 leaves at 05:40 and arrive at 06:08 it is 10.10 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No need to book it. Thanks. But can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south?
Sure - The Lucky Star serves Chinese food and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Do either of those sound good?
[The Lucky Star] sounds good. That's all I need.
Would you like to book a table?
Can you also tell me the postcode?
Sure. The post code is cb17dy.
Thanks for your help. Good bye.
You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.


Yeah, could you recommend a good [gastropub]?
Backstreet Bistro. It's expensive though. There is a moderately priced one called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar if preferred.
I would like to book a table at the [Backstreet Bistro] for 5 people at [16:00] on Thursday.
No problem. That is booked for you and your reference number is 2VE84YC5 . Is there anything else I can book for you?
Yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?
Yes, [Gallery] at Twelve a High Street is excellent, and has free admission. Would you like more information?
Can I please have the phone number and address for that place?
Certainly! The address for gallery at twelve a high street is fulbourn and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!
You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I want to find an expensive restaurant and serves [european] food. Can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?
Eraina is a European restaurant in the centre area. Their address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre and phone number 01223 355166.
thank you goodbye
Thank you and good bye


I need a [19:15] taxi to take me to [Avalon].
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from [Primavera].
You car has been booked. It is a black volvo. Can I assist you any further?
Can i get the contact number please
Yes, your contact number is 07698022958. Can I assist you any further?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


Where's a good place to eat [crossover] food in Cambridge?
There are no crossover locations in Cambridge.
How about [British] restaurants in the Centre instead?
I have 7 in the centre that serve british food. I have 4 in the moderate price range and 3 in the expensive. Did you have a preference?
I would prefer the british food.
I have [cotto] that serves moderate priced food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please make a booking for 8 people at [12:30] on friday.
I have made your booking here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VVSOH0TQ .
What's a good college to visit near the restaurant?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there a particular one you are interested in?
Any college will be fine what do you recommend? I need the phone number for whichever you pick.
christi's college is in that area and has free entrance. There phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.
Thank you for choosing us and enjoy your stay.


I want a restaurant in the north of Cambridge that is within a moderate price range.
There are two restaurants fitting your description, one is Chinese cuisine and one is Indian cuisine. Do you have a preference?
Please book a table for 4 at the [Chinese] place at [12:30] on Sunday and give me the reference number.
Okay you're all set for Sunday at 12:30. Your reference number is F5BTP63A . Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on monday.
There are 19 trains to broxbourne on Monday leaving every hour starting at 05:01. Is there a specific time you'd like?
I would like to arrive in broxbourne by [13:00].
The one arriving closest to 13:00 is TR5971 leaving cambridge at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01 in broxbourne. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I just get the price on one of them?
All tickets from cambridge to broxbourne on that day cost 17.90 pounds each.
Please book one.
How many tickets do I need to reserve for your train?
Just one, thank you! Please provide me with a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T1FGQFDJ . Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you. That will be all for today. Thanks.
Have a great day.


Find me a train that leaves on Sunday after [14:00] please
Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and I need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00
TR5234 will leave at 14:16, would that work for you?
Yes. Give me the ref number please.
In order to get a ref number I must complete a booking first. How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I would like one train ticket please.
Your reservation for 1 ticket on the TR5234 train was successful. Your Reference number is : PGQKG62W . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. Phone #, postcode and food type please
You have three options for moderately priced restaurants. Do you prefer indian or italian food?
I would prefer [Italian] but [Indian] would be good as well. I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. Thanks!
The place is called The Curry Prince and the phone number is: 01223566388 and the post code is: cb58jj.
Thanks for helping me with this. I appreciate it! Goodbye!
My pleasure. Have a great day.


I need to book a train to norwich that arrives by [16:15].
What day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Wednesday from Cambridge.
The TR1144 leaves Cambridge for Norwich on Wednesday at 05:36. Would that be good for you?
What is the price and travel time?
The price is 17.60 pounds.
And what is the travel time?
It is 79 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?
there are not. i do have one in the east part of town. would you like the information for that venue?
Thats ok. I really want something in the centre. How about any suggestions on a good college to visit?
[Christ's college] is in the centre of town. Is there anything you need?
Could you please get me the phone number?
sure it's 01223334900
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you, have a good day!


I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?
There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference. Just pick one. That will be fine.
I recommend [alexander bed and breakfast] on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?
Perfect. I'll need a room for myself, for five nights on tuesday.
Perfect, you are all set for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on Tuesday, your reference number is 22DG5770 . Is there anything I can help with today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!
I hope you not going to sit in your room by yourself for 5 days, are you sure that you dont want to know about a restaurant or attraction?
Actaully i will be on business so not out much but I do need a train, to cambridge leaving after [21:15]
Ok great. What day will you be traveling?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on tuesday departing from broxbourne.
I have the TR9688, which leaves at 12:32. Would you like to book this train?
I need a train after 21:15.
There are 3 trains leaving an hour apart starting at 21:32. The travel time is 60 minutes and costs 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book one?
No thank you. I just need the train ID and arrival time for one of them.
The TR3112 arrives at 22:32.
Great, thanks for that information on the train. Can you book for a train leaving after 21:15?
How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for one person.
Your total is 17.89 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your reference number is RAIYCNJU .
that is all i needed for today. thanks alot
thank you for using this service good bye


Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and am looking forward to seeing some local tourist attractions.
There are many to see! Are you going to be traveling within a certain area of town?
Actually, yes. We are traveling into the northern part of town.
If you're heading north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.
That sounds nice but I would like to see about a guesthouse with free wifi.
There at 10 guest houses in the north offering free wifi. Are you looking for a particular price range?
No, I don't really care about price. Just something in the north that includes wifi.
[Acorn Guest house] is located in the north , has free wifi and is moderately priced.
Groovy!! Let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting sunday.
Your booking has been made and your reference number is O0FG9YKT . Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking to visit the [cherry hinton hall and grounds]. Can I please have more information on that?
Sure, that's a great entertainment venue in the East. Their phone number is 01223446104. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, taht will be all. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service!


Can you help me book a table at a [chinese] restaurant that's in the centre of town?
Great choice! I have 10 Chinese restaurants. What is your price range and we can narrow them down.
I need some cheap Chop Suey, please.
How does the [Charlie Chan] sound? It is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like they'll have some awesome Chop Suey. Please book me a table for 2 on Tuesday at [12:45].
I am sorry but charlie chan is booked for that time. Do you want to pick an earlier or later time, or a different day?
Can we try the same day for [11:45] please? And can I have the reference number as well, thanks.
Great News! I was able to reserve your table for 2 at the 11:45 time. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GFIL3UG5 .
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.
There are dozens of attractions in the centre. What type of activities are you interested in? Museums? Architecture? Boat Rides? Something else?
I am looking for some type of entertainment in the same area as the restaurant, please.
There are all kinds of entertainment choices. Did you have something in mind?
No, just an entertainment attraction in the same area as the restaurant. Can you make a suggestion?
What about a museum? The [cambridge contemporary art] is a nice one.
That sounds nice can I get their phone number, entrance fee, and address please?
The phone number is 01223324222, the address is 6 Trinity Street, and it is free admittance.
Thank you so much for your help.
Will that be everything for you today then?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!
Glad to be of assistance, have a great day!
Thanks, take care buddy!
Thank you goodbye


I am looking for a train to Ely.
What day are you looking to travel?
I need to leave a little after [8:00] on Sunday, and I'm leaving from Cambridge.
The closest train I have is the TR3177 that leaves at 09:50. There's nothing earlier on that day.
That will have to work. What is the arrival time?
The arrival time is 10:07.
Perfect! That's all I needed to know. Thanks. Have a great day.
Have a wonderful day!


I need to take a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge. Ill need to leave after [9:00]
There are 56 trains traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge after 9:00 between Friday and Wednesday. What day to you want to travel?
I want to leave on Sunday.
How about TR4803 that leaves at 09:29?
That will work can you book that for me please?
Of course. How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't need a booking. I just need to know when it arrives, thanks.
It arrives at 10:07.
Thank you. I am also looking for a park to go to.
I have 5 to choose from. Is there a certain area you were wanting the park to be in?
no specific area. just recommend one.
Milton Country Park is a great place to visit! It's in the North and free to enter.
Great! Please, give me the address of the park.
milton country park, milton.
Thank you so much for your time. Have a nice day!
You too, enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.
There are results matching your query. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
Let's go with [Italian] food.
Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian eatery in the south part of town. Would you like any additional information about this restaurant?
address and phone number
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


Can you help me find an expensive [Chinese] food restaurant?
What area would you like? There are nine results.
I'm interested in restaurants located in the East.
Okay, [Yu Garden] matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yeah, could you book it for 8 people on Monday? I think [16:15] is when we want to be seated.
The booking went through, your table is reserved for 15 minutes starting at 16:15. Reference number is BT75STQI .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.
I would recommend the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge], should I book it for you?
If that has free wifi that'll work.
Yes, there is internet there. Would you like a booking then?
Could you tell me the price, address and phone number?
They are expensive and can be reached at 01223866800. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Anything else?
No, that's all for me today! Thank you! Bye!
I hope you have a wonderful stay.


I am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. I've never been to Cambridge before.
which side of town do you prefer and what is the price range?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house in the centre area. Would you like to book a room?
Oh, ok. I really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. Can you recommend a hotel instead?
The [Huntingdon Marriott hotel] is a very nice place.
Sounds good. Can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting Sunday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36N9VCAD . Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the train schedule from birmingham new street like? I need to arrive at [13:45].
Where would you like the train to arrive, and what time will you be leaving?
I need the travel day to be Sunday. I'll be going to Cambridge and arrive by 13:45. I'll be leaving from Birmingham New street.
Train TR7468 will arrive at 13:23. Will this work for you?
What is the travel time on that train?
It is 163 minutes on that train.
Excellent. Thanks for all the help!
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks very much! Have a great day!
ok thanks and have a great day
You too! Thanks so much for all the help. Please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks
Keep the snarky comments to yourself.


I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good [Bistro] in the centre of town, can you find me some options?
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?
Hmm... let me think. Let's try maybe something [italian] instead.
There are nine Italian restaurants in the centre of town! Are you looking for an Italian restaurant in any particular price range?
Which of those nine has the best ratings? Can I please have the address and postcode.
I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you! Goodbye.


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [travellers rest]
It is an expensive British restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and can you book a table for 1 at [14:15] on Monday, please.
Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.


I'm wanting a train that leaves on Friday and goes to Cambridge.
Sure thing. What's your departure site and around what time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after [16:45], depart from Birmingham New Street.
The first train will leave at 17:40 and arrive at 20:23. Does that sound good?
This time works fine for me.
You train has been booked, and the reference number is ZETNNFN0 . You will owe 75.09 GBP when you arrive.
thanks, i'm also looking for some museums.
We have lots of wonderful museums. Is there a particular area of the town you would like to find one in?
Yes, do you have any in the centre?
There's 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
Anyone of those would work. Could you recommend something for me? I'll need the phone number, and address as well.
The [broughton house gallery] is very nice and the phone number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
What area is it in?
It is in the centre.


Heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north [african] food?
I actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food. There is however an expensive restaurant with african food. Would that be okay?
Are there any expensive restaurants with [gastropub] food?
Yes, I have 3. Two are located in the centre and one is located in the east. Do you have a preference?
Yes, the one in the east please.
One in the East is called Royal Standard. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book it for 2 people at [13:45] on monday.
I'm sorry that isn't available. Can I try a different restaurant for you?
No thank you that will be all.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all thank you.
Thank you. Good bye


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I was told the [A and B Guest House] was a great place to stay. Can you give me information about it?
Absolutely! This is a moderately priced guest house with four stars. There is wifi included. It is located on the east. What else can I help with?
Do you have free parking? I refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that I am staying at. Wouldn't you agree?
Yes, I would as a matter of fact. And yes the offer free parking.
Okay, sounds good. Also I need to get a train from Liverpool street to Cambridge.
What day would you like to make this trip? Do you have any other specifications?
Oh wait, you know what? I forgot to ask about star ratings. What's the star rating on the A and B Guest House, please?
It has four stars. Would you still like information on the train?
The train should leave after [12:45] and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.
TR5015 leaves london liverpool street at 13:39 and arrives at cambridge by 15:07. Would this work for you?
Does that train leave on Friday?
Yes, that train leaves on Friday.
I need two tickets.
Okay, two tickets are booked, for a total price of 33.2 GBP, and your reference number is MY04HJ0A, do you need anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything.
Thanks for using our system!


I need a train to go from Cambridge to Norwich.
What day of the week are you looking to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [13:45].
I have the TR7438 that will arrive at 12:55. Would you like a booking made today?
I would like to book that train for 4 people please.
7G6OJ8G2 is your confirmation code. May I help you further?
yeah, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. Moderate in price.
There are several moderate priced guesthouses do you have a preferred area that you want to stay in?
Yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.
[a and b guest house] is a guesthouse in the east and it is moderate. Shall I book it ?
can I have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?
The star rating is 4 and they do have free wifi.
OK, that's all I need for now. Thanks.
Great. I hope you have an excellent day.
Thanks you too Goodbye
Great! Have a good day.


Good day. Might you be able to assist me with a taxi going to [Corpus Christi] leaving sometime after [08:45]?
Sure I can do that! Where is the departure site?
I need it to pick me up from [gourmet burger kitchen].
The car coming is a White Tesla with contact number is: 07441094025
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great trip!


I am looking for a restaurant.
Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?
Not sure of that, I am looking for a restaurant named "[ask."]
That is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of town. It is at 12 Bridge Street. Can I call and reserve a table for you?
I would like to book a table for 5 people on Sunday at [14:15]
I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range.
Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?
Type of food doesn't matter. Which is the best one? I'll book that.
Your reservation is at the Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard. The reference number is W87AKIBY and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is that all?
That is all. Thank you!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.


I'm looking for a train please.
Where are you leaving from and where would you like to go?
I plan to leave from stevenage to go to Cambridge.
Okay. There are 70 trains that go from stevenage to cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by day or time?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by [12:15].
trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR1542 stevenage cambridge sunday 05:54 06:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR5870 stevenage cambridge sunday 07:54 08:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR7802 stevenage cambridge sunday 09:54 10:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes TR8225 stevenage cambridge sunday 11:54 12:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes are the opitions
Thank you, I will check them out and get back to you.
You are welcome. Call back anytime you are ready to book.
That information is very overwhelming. Can you please pick the best option that meets my criteria and book for 6 people.
I would like to book the TR7802 stevenage cambridge sunday [09:54] [10:43], please.
I think you're confused. I need the info, you're the help desk.
I apologize for the mistake. I have booked six tickets for you and your party on the TR7802 train departing from Stevenage at 09:54 and arriving at Cambridge at 10:43.
That's more like it. And, what's the reference number?
Your reference number is DDBA2U1R . The total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
That was all. Thank you
Thanks for using our services.


I need to get a train going to Stevenage.
I will need some more information. The train is departing from cambridge correct? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, departing from Cambridge. We'll be leaving on Tuesday, hopefully after [15:15].
How about TR5343? It leaves at 15:21. Your next choice is TR9883 which leaves at 17:21.
What is the price for TR5343?
It is 12.80 pounds.
I would like information on pools in the north.
jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in that area. Could I get you info on one of those?
How about [Jesus Green Outdoor pool]. Could I have their address and phone number.
Sure, the phone number for jesus green outdoor pool is 01223302579. The address is listed as between victoria road and the river.
thanks! that's all i need now
Is there any other info or booking I can do?
No, not at this time. Thank you.
Okay glad I could help.


I am getting ready to go off to college. I thought while I was in town maybe I could visit one.
Great idea! There are 18 entries found! What area of town would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit the centre.
There are 13 colleges in the city center but I recommend visiting [Downing college] and it is free to get in.
Great! Can I have the address, please?
Sure, it's located at Regent Street.
Great, thank you very much. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town
I'm sorry, but there aren't any places that meet those qualifications. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about an expensive hotel in the south side of town?
There is one option, it is The Lensfield Hotel. Do you want me to reserve any rooms for you?
Does it offer free wifi?
Yes the [Lensfield Hotel] does have free wifi.
How about free parking, does it have that as well?
Yes it also has free parking. Anything else today?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 81E1ITXC . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all I need. Thank you for your time.
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day.


Hi, what can you tell me about the [bangkok city] restaurant?
Sure! It serves [Thai] food and is located in the centre. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 at [19:30] on Sunday please. I need the reference number then too.
I've booked that for you and your reference number is X4W3U0LM .
I'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by [17:00] on monday.
I can certainly help with that. Could you just verify your departure point for me?
Yes, it should depart from Cambridge.
the earliest arrives by [17.58]
Ok, I think that should be fine. Can you make a booking for me?
sorry, the arrival time is actually [16:58]. how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.
I have booked train TR2324. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is EGIIL92A .
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you so much.
Well we are here to help. Enjoy your time here !
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?
I can, we have 9 hotels, do you have anything else to narrow it down?
It should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.
I have 2 available hotels. One is the [Gonville Hotel] located on Gonville Place. The other is University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Which one would you like to book?
Can you book the one without wifi?
they both have internet, for what days and how many people should I book?
Do either of them offer free wifi?
As previously mentioned, they both have internet available. I don't have specifications about the internet service however. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, please book for two nights beginning on Sunday for one person.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is ELYPAXQZ .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.
there are 11 all with free entrance. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Can I get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?
castle galleries is a nice place, their address is unit su43 grande arcade st andrews st and their postcode is cb23bj, anything else today?
Do you have there phone number?
Their phone is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi going between the two places.
What time do you need the taxi, and which is the destination site?
I want to arrive at the [Castle Galleries] by [11:15].
Your white ford taxi booking was successful. Its contact number is 07580691974.
Ok, thank you for the help.
Was there anything else you needed today?


I'm looking for a train.
Let's start with where you are departing from and where you are going?
Departing from ely to cambridge.
There are quite a few trains from Ely to Cambridge. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
It's on Tuesday. I need to arrive by [9:30] and need to book for 7 people. Could I also get the reference number too?
Ok I have booked you on TR6971 leaving Ely at 7:35, arriving at cambridge by 7:52 for 7 people. Reference number AQRMT6Q9 . Anything else I can help with?
One more thing. Can you give me information about an attraction called [Ruskin Gallery]?
It's a free museum in the city centre, located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Anything else I can help with?
What is the phone number for there?
Phone # is 01245493131. Anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.
Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?
I am looking for [Thai] food.
we have bankok [city]. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?
Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at [15:00] please?
it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH .
Thank you for your help.
Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes a hotel please.
Okay. I can help you with that. Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?
You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called [ballare], could you give me some information about it?
Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?
That is all I need.
Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called [ask]. Please give me information on that restaurant.
Ask is an italian place in the centre area, they are in the cheap price range. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 1 at [17:15] on Wednesday. Can you do that?
I was able to book that table for you. Your reference number should you need it, is DFEBH5D1 .Can I help with anything else?
No. I think I am all set. Thanks.
You're very welcome, just let us know if we can help with anything else.


What fun places can I visit in the East?
We have five spots which include boating, museums and entertainment. Any preferences that you have?
I don't have a preference. Which place would you recommend?
I'm fond of the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Would you like more information on it?
What is the entrance fee?
It is 5 pounds to get in.
Great, thanks! Can you help me find a train going into Cambridge as well?
I certainly can! Where would you be coming from and what day and time?
I am leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge; I need to travel on Friday and arrive by [13:15].
TR0497 arrives by 12:23. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please. Book the train for 2 people. Please include the reference number.
Reference number is : PYPBSAXI . Is there anything else?
That's everything. Thanks again and have a great day!
Enjoy your trip! Have a great time!


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions. I am looking for some suggestions on places to go in town.
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions. What are you interested in doing?
Perhaps I'd like to see a museum. Are there any in the centre?
There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?
Does not matter can you just recommend one please.
[Castle Galleries] is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!
Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?
They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.
Thank you. I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town. Can you assist me with that?
You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?
4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please
Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road. Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9 . Thank you!


Hey, I'm up south can you give me a place to eat?
What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.
I recommend [Chiquito Restaurant Bar]
Can I have the address and telephone number?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.
THAT WILL BE FINE.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I will be staying in Cambridge. I need a hotel with wifi.
What about a and b guest house? It's in the East.
I need something in the centre.
There are 7 hotels which area do you prefer?
The north part of town
I ran a search in the north, there's 12 choices. Lets make sure were on the same page, is this the area that you want? Also hotel or Guesthouse?
Sorry, I've been all over the place. To be clear, I need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the centre.
Shall I choose a hotel for you, or do you have a preference? 4 hotels have free parking and internet in that area.
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 6 people
May I recommend [alexander bed and breakfast]. While it is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town, it has a 4 star rating and also included internet and parking
Ok great. Can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : QK6KCZQA
Great, thank you. I'm also in need of an [Indian] restaurant in the cheap price range. Can you find me one?
We have several. What part of town are you thinking?
Any will do, what ever you recommend.
[Royal Spice] is located in the north. It's one of my personal favorites. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I certainly want to try it then. Please book for 6 people at [11:30] on Saturday.
You have been booked at the Royal Spice. Your reference number is WSPAI5JJ . Can I be of further assistance today?
Thank you . I am all set.
Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!


Can you assist me in finding me an Expensive Restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine? The restaurant should be serving [British] foods.
sure, i have 6 options for you
I'd like it to be in Centre.
I would suggest [midsummer house restaurant] it has great food.
Can you make me a reservation for Saturday please for 3 people?
What time would you like to dine on Saturday?
We will be dining at [16:30]. Please book a table for 3 on Saturday and provide the reference number. I also need a hotel in the same area.
Alright, I have your restaurant booking. Your reference number is: DHDB0H4V . What are you looking for in a hotel, so I can narrow down the choices?
Something in the same area as the restaurant. It should also be in that same price range.
I've got two expensive hotels in the area. Both have internet and parking. [university arms hotel] has 4 stars. Does that meet your needs?
Yes, that should be perfect thank you.
Would you like me to book you a room? If so, i will need how many people and nights you will be staying and on what day.
I would like a room for three people, just for Saturday night.
The booking was successful I have a reference number and the hotel number for you.
Can I have the postcode and hotel type, please?
it is the type of a hotel. its post code is cb21ad. anything else?
I also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.
I will look a taxi up for you.
Thank you very much! Can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?
A grey toyota will be waiting to pick you up, if you have any further questions the contact number is 07137847685.
Thanks so much!
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thanks for using our service, good day!
Thanks for all the help.
Anytime, were here to help. Have a good day!


I need a taxi to [don pasquale pizzeria].
When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at [one o'clock p.m.] because I am meeting my husband there when he goes on his lunch break.
Ok, where are you departing from?
I will be departing from [finches bed and breakfast].
Alright. I have a white honda for you.
Great, thanks. Is there a contact number for the driver by any chance?
That number is 07303450247.
Thank you very much. Will they be contacting me?
They will only contact you if they cannot find you. Thank you.
Thank you I will be watching the white honda then.
Sounds good. Have a great night!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.
We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after [21:45]
TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?
Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?
Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive.
how about [allenbell]? it looks lovely
does it have free parking?
allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?
Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights.
your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7 . Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need.
Have a great day!


Hi, I am trying to find the police station that's closest to my location please.
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks, what is their phone number?
Telephone : 01223358966 there you go
Thank you, that is all I need today.
Best of luck with everything and enjoy your day.


I live in the centre of town and want to see if I can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting.
How about the [Alexander bed and breakfast] in the centre? It is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free internet and wifi.
That sounds like it might work. Could you check availability for two people this weekend?
What day are they arriving, and how many nights are they staying?
I am unsure at this time.
Okay, would you like some more information about that hotel?
Can you tell me what the address is?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Does this place include free parking?
The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, It has wifi and parking. Does this fit your needs?
You have been very helpful. I have everything I need, thanks. Bye
I am glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a place to dine.
Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?
[Crossover] food would be perfect.
Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?
Is there a [gastropub] in Centre?
Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?
In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?
Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge. There are many 4-star options. Would you like to try one of those?
Do you have one with free parking
Yes the allenbell does.
Is the [allenbell] a guesthouse?
Yes, it is a guesthouse. It's located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you that will be all
Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by [18:30].
Sure. I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number : 07568490583
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!
excellent, have a great day!


I really need to get out of Cambridge! Can you find me a train to Leicester? Sometime after [08:45] because I like to sleep in.
I would be happy to help with your request, what day will you be leaving?
I'll be leaving this place on Saturday.
What time would you like to arrive by?
It does not matter.
There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and arrive in Leiester at 11:06. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. What's the cost of the ticket?
The ticket price is 30.24 pounds. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need the travel time and arrival time please.
arrival time is 11:06 and travel time is 105 minutes
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [cityroomz].
Sure, what kind of information do you need?
I'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday
I have booked a room for 8 for 4 nights beginning on Tuesday. Your reference number is SY5AJ8CL . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time. Thank you.
Have a fantastic day, goodbye.


Hello, I need information on the parkside police station.
The phone number for Parkside Police Station is 01223358966, address Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG.
amazing, thanks for your help
Do you want me to call 911?
No, that's ok. I've got it. Thanks again.
Let us know if you need more help.


I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?
Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.
Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?
I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?
What about a 4 star hotel?
The [Cambridge Belfry] is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.
I am unable to book for Tuesday.
I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.
I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.
Is Monday available?
As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB .
Thanks! Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?
There are 18 options. Was there a part of town you would like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me?
I would recommend [christ's college] in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.
What is the entrance fee and postcode there?
Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?
Thank you so much. Good bye
Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town


I am looking for a place to go in the centre, of type multiple sports.
Unfortunately, there is not attraction type with multiple sports in the centre areat.
Is there a nightclub located in the centre instead then?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like me to send you a list with their address and price information?
No, I just need the phone number and entrance fee for each of them.
Ballare 5 pounds, phone 01223364222. club salsa 5 pounds, phone 07782218745. kambar 5 pounds, phone 01223842725. soul tree nightclub 4 pounds, phone 01223477900. the fez club 5 pounds, phone 01223519224
Thank you I also need a train going to Cambridge leaving after [17:00]
There are a lot of trains then, can you tell me where you are departing from and how many tickets you need?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.
TR5298 leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Can I book you for this train?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you, enjoy your visit!


I am looking for a 4 star place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like it to be in the north, and to be a guesthouse.
Great, there are 4 options for you here. I personally recommend [avalon]. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : YB23KVSX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to eat. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for a restaurant with [mediterranean] food.
I have found two restaurants. One is La mimosa, and the other is Shiraz restaurant, would you like me to book one for you?
Please book the One is [La mimosa]
Can I please get the number of people dining,day,and time please.
Yes, it's for 8 people. [16:45] on Monday. I would like the reference number, if it is available.
That wasn't available. Shall I try the Shiraz Restaurant?
Yes please try the [Shiraz] Restaurant.
You've got a table for Monday at Shiraz Restaurant. Your reference number is NS7MCM5B . Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I would like to find out information about a hotel called [Warkworth House].
Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area. It is moderate pricing with 4 stars. It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.
I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you. Can I get a reference number for the booking?
In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH .
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.
Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will be leaving from Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave around?
I would like to leave after [10:30].
TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you?
Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.
i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7 .
Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?
What type of food would you like?
I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.
To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?
That is helpful.Thanks
I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?
No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for using this service good bye


I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you
Allenbell is cheap and has free internet.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.
Archway House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the North. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book the [Archway House].
I'd be happy to book for you. How many people will be staying, what is your arrival day, and how many nights are you staying?
I will be arriving on tuesday and I need to book the room for four nights for three people.
Ok. I've booked that guesthouse for you. Your reference number is YBT4JRTR . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. That would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!
There are several moderately priced restaurant in the centre area. Would you like a certain type of food?
I'd like an [Italian] restaurant, please.
Pizza express Fen Ditton would be perfect for you guys then! Would you like more information or for me to book that for you?
Yes, just give me the address please.
[Pizza Express Fen Ditton] is located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like to leave the restaurant by [11:15] and I would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.
Not a problem! I booked a taxi to depart the restaurant by 11:15. The car type is a blue skoda and the contact number is 07621131070.
Thank you very much! That's all I need today!
You are very welcome. Have a great day.


Hi, I need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.
There are 21 restaurants that are moderately priced in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
British or European would be fine. May I book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a Wednesday and get a reference number please?
[The oak bistro] is a British restaurant in the centre area, in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this restaurant?
Yes. The booking should be for 2 on wednesday at [16:00]. Could I also get a reference number?
Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is YWEKSO7H . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. Do you have any recommendations?
We have parks, boats, museums, and many other interesting things to do. What strikes your fancy?
An art museum near the restaurant sounds nice. How much is the admission price?
The [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum is fantastic, and it's free. Would you like more information?
I will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. Obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.
sure! expect a grey toyota and call 07319086162 to contact your taxi
thank you, that is all I need.
You are welcome, please enjoy your time in Cambridge and if there's anything else we can assist you with let us know!


We will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.
What type of cuisine would you be looking for?
I want some [Scottish] food.
There are none in the area. Another type or area perhaps?
Yeah, can you check the south please?
There are no restaurants in that area.
What a bummer. Find me a restaurant that serves [British] food on the West please.
There are 3 restaurants in that area that serve British food. Is there a particular price range your looking for?
The expensive range please. I will need their phone number and address. Also, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.
Travellers Rest is located at Huntingdon Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223276182. Where are you traveling to on Sunday?
I need to get to london liverpool street by [13:00].
I would suggest train TR0995, it leaves at [09:59] and will get you to your destination by 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
No need to book. But, can I please get the price of the ticket?
the price for the ticket is 13.28 pounds
Thanks so much. That will be all the information I need today. Bye.
Glad I could help, Have a great day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
What area in cambridge would you like to stay?
I'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. It is called the [Alpha-Milton Guest House].
Okay, can you tell me how many people are staying, how many days you want to stay and when you begin your stay, please?
I'd like to start my stay on Wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.
Ok, so you are all booked. Reference number is NM7IWBOC .
Thanks so much. I also need a train to arrive in Peterborough by [16:45].
Would you like to take the TR8327 on Friday, it arrives at 16:24?
I just want to verify that train leaves from Cambridge correct? If so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.
Yes, that is correct. I have booked it for you, the reference number is IBM6BL8X and will be leaving at 15:34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Alright, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!


I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. Could you help me find a place to go, like a college?
Certainly. I have many available. Is there a particular area you are looking in? I have several in the west and centre.
Can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?
[Corpus christi] is 2 pounds, which is in centre.
I'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. It needs to be a hotel.
I can book you at the [university arms hotel]. It has a 4 star rating, free parking and wifi. Does this interest you?
Yes. That would be great.
What will be the first day you will stay and how long will you be staying?
I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.
I'm sorry but you'll have to book another day or a shorter stay. When would you like to stay?
Can you see if they have just 1 night available?
Your booking was successful with a reference number of S1HTVV32 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need a taxi please between the 2 places. I want to leave the attraction by [2:30].
Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey BMW, their contact number is 07130839627. Is there anything else I can help with?
Awesome, thanks! I think that takes care of everything I needed.
Okay great please enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.
I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?
One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?
Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.
Okay may I please have the phone number for [Alexander bed and breakfast]?
Of course! The telephone number for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 01223525725.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train for saturday.
Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
I need to leave Cambridge on Saturday, please.
OK. Where are you heading, and at what time?
i am going to ely and it should leave by [18:00]
The earliest train leaves at 19:50 and the last one leaves at 23:50. Which one could you like to take?
Please pick one that meets my requirements.
Then, that would be TR7349 departing at 19:50 and arriving in Ely by 20:07. Do you need any tickets?
No, Make sure you get travel time, price, and train ID
Train ID is the one that was referenced earlier, price is 3.52 pounds per person, it is only a 17 minute trip. Is there anything else that i can do?
No thank you.
Do you need any further assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre
sure i have 33 options for you
How about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at [11:45], and I'll need that reference number too.
Sure! I've booked you at [Fitzbillies] at 11:45 on Sunday for 5. Your reference number is Y5EX13L7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great can you also help me get a train? I'm looking to go to ely and arrive by [21:30]
On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday
TR5484 leaves at 13:50 and costs 4.40 pounds. is that fine with you?
Yes, but i need to book four more people as well.
So I have 5 tickets booked. The reference number is YD9YNVV4 .
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.
For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?
How about [African]? I'd like to book a table for 7 at [16:15] on Tuesday.
I have booked a table at [bedouin] African restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6 . May I help with anything else?
Nope that's all I needed! Thanks!
Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.


Can you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?
Twenty one accomodations meet your needs. What part of town are you planning to stay in?
That doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.
There are 21 places in that criteria. What area of town? Or perhaps a need for free parking?
It doesn't matter. Like I told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is the best option.
Okay I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Will you needing a reference number?
Yes, of course.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JVC5MSAV . anything else today?
I also need a train on Friday, departing after [9:00].
Ok. Where are you departing from?
i am departing from cambridge
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time
Train TR8792 departs at 09:50 and will arrive in Ely at 10:07. The total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
That is all. Thanks for your time.
Your welcome, have a great day!


I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the [alexander bed and breakfast]?
sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Ah, I just wanted to know it was still open. Could you book me a room?
Sure, what day would you like it for?
3 nights starting from friday.
A reservation for 1 person?
No, I would like it for 4 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CRLJAWX3 .
I also need to find an [Indian] restaurant in the east please.
There are a few Indian restaurants in the east, do you have a price range you are trying to stick to?
In the mid-range would be fine.
[Rajmahal] is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. How many people will be dining?
4 of us Friday at [14:45] I need the reference number too.
Your table is reserved, reference #NKKOLWNU . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd also like to book a taxi. I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.
What time would you like to travel?
I would like to get to the restaurant by [14:45] please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white honda Contact number : 07125482836
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!
You're welcome! Goodbye.


Can you find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester?
There are several what day and time do you want to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on wednesday and should arrive by [13:00]
The TR2176 leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and gets into Leicester at 11:06. Will that work for you?
What is the price of that train?
The price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like to go ahead a book a seat?
Yes, I would like to book a seat on that train. Thank you.
Just to clarify, am I booking just one ticket or more?
yes. also findme [primavera's] phone number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2Z3LQ075 . What else did you need?
Thanks. I am also looking for the Primavera. It is an attraction.
yes its a very nice attraction.
Can I get their phone number please?
their phone number is 01223357708. can i help with something else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I need a place to eat that is expensive.
I've found 57 restaurants that match your request. Is there a particular area you'd like to dine in?
In the centre, please.
There are 33 restaurants in that area, do you have a preference of the type of restaurant?
i want something with [malaysian] food.
I am sorry I have no listings for malaysian food,another type?
I actually just need an expensive place to dine in the Centre of town.
[Kymmoy] offers Asian Oriental food. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. Can you book that for 8 people on Saturday at [15:30]?
Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
Okay, thank you.
you are welcome
If Saturday fails, try Monday and provide the reference number. Also looking for a guesthouse in the same area with internet. Provide starts and address please.
Your restaurant booking was successful. This is the reference number PQA4WKNF . It is for Saturday at 15:30 for 8 people.
Can you book me two taxi cabs that offer groupon discounts to take us to the restaurant?
I don't think we have any affiliations with Groupon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of guesthouse.
I am sorry but there are no guesthouses matching. Would you like to try a hotel instead?
A hotel would be fine.
Would you like me to book it for you?
What expensive hotel do you recommend?
There are two hotels matching your needs and I highly recommend [university arms hotel]. Do you want me to book it?
I just need their address, star level and whether they have internet please.
University arms hotel is 4 stars located on regent street. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, that's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for calling. Please call us back if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help plan your trip! What do you need?
I need a train ticket going to cambridge from norwich on saturday anytime after [15:00]
There are 9 trains traveling from norwich to cambridge after that time on Saturday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No it doesn't matter when I get there. Can you pick one, and make me a booking for three people? I need a reference number too!
Okay. I've booked you three tickets on the TR9724. Your reference number is J87QHBRM . You'll owe 42.24 at the station.
Thank you. I also need info on a place to go in the west. Any one will do. Just something to see.
You have a few attraction options in the west area; colleges, museums and even an entertainment attraction. Which one sounds best for your trip?
Can you recommend one and give their post code?
How does the Clare Hall sound? The postcode is cb39al.
That sonds great, thanks. Thats all I need for today.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay in town. I'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.
[Ashley hotel] is in the north part of town and has a 2 star rating and parking.
Is it a hotel or guesthouse?
The Ashley is a hotel. It's on the north end of town. Would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking?
That's fine. Can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from Thursday?
Sure! Your reference number is VEPGFLTA . Anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate all your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I need a train on Tuesday that arrives by [16:45].
Certainly, where is your place of departure and arrival?
I want to depart from London and arrive in Cambridge.
london kings cross or london liverpool street?
london liverpool street.
I have train TR1395 that leaves at 13:39 and will arrive in Cambridge by 15:07. Would that work for you? I would be happy to book your ticket.
For two people please. I will need the reference number. I also want to stay at the Lensfield hotel.
Your train booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 33.2 at the station. Your reference number is 14AXWO0V .
do you know the [lensfield hotel]? I need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?
The lensfield is a 3 star hotel and the phone number is 01223355017. Would you like to make reservations there?
No thank you. That's all I need for now.
Ok. Enjoy your stay.


Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.
Okay, sounds good. What attraction are you thinking about?
I'm looking for [Milton Country Park].
I have found it what types of information can I get you on it?
Can I get the attraction type, entrance fee, and postcode please?
It's a Park and there's no entrance fee. It's free for all. The postcode is cb46az. How can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a great [Italian] restaurant on the east side of town that you would recommend.
I would suggest [pizza hut fen ditton]
What are their prices like?
They are moderately priced
What is the address and phone number to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?
The number is 01223323737, and it is in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great! Thank you! That's all I needed.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.
There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after [11:15].
Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after [11:15].
Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please
The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.
Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.
In the town centre there is one guesthouse and one hotel with 0 stars. Would you like the hotel or the guesthouse?
it doesn't really matter. Moderately priced located in the centre. I need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not
i suggest cityroomz. its a hotel in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223327978
Does it have free parking?
Yes, they do have free parking at this hotel.
Great, thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi! I'm looking for a train to Norwich on Saturday.
What is your departure site and time?
From Cambridge and I want to arrive by [20:30].
I have a train that would leave at 18:36 and arrive by 19:55. It's 79 minutes long and costs 14.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, book it for 7 people.
All booked and ready to go! The reference number is RJVNE0PT .
I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?
Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet that criteria. In the area, there are 24 guesthouses, some of them cheap, some expensive. Can you narrow down your choices?
If there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.
Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star cheap guesthouse with free interenet and parking located in the centre. Does that work for you?
Yes [Alexander bed and breakfast] that has a star of 4 would be great.
Sure, I can book that for you. How many people will be staying and for how long also arriving what day?
There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.
My attempt to book your party was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different length of stay, or a different hotel?
Would 1 night work instead? If it does could I get the reference number please?
Yes, 1 night will work. I've booked the hotel for you, and your reference number is FIINUE5N . What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.
Wonderful. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?
There are 24 guest houses available. Is there a particular area of the city you'd prefer to stay in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the centre of town please.
I have two options for you. Both offer free wifi and parking. The El Shaddai has no star rating or the Alexander B & B has a 4-star rating.
I'll take the [El Shaddai] please.
Sure thing. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on Friday.
The booking was successful, your reference code is 8090X905 . Do you want further assistance?
No that's all. Good bye!
Thank you goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to go on the east side of town where I can enjoy multiple sports? Thanks.
There is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to making a reservation for you?
No thanks, I'd like to call them first. Can you give me the address, phone number and entry fee for [Cherry hinton village centre]?
Their phone number is 01223576412 and the postcode cb19ej. They are located at Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
looking for a train. The train should go to london liverpool street and should leave on saturday
Where will you leave from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
how about train TR4078 that leaves at 13:39?
When will it arrive? I need it to arrive by [19:30].
how about the TR8530? that train arrives at 19:07
That will work, go ahead and book that.
For how many people?
I don't need need reservations I just need a price and train ID.
The train ID is TR8530 and the price is 13.28 pounds.
ok thats it thank you.
Thank you for letting us help you today.


Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
[Pizza hut cherry] hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?
address and postcode please
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal!


I would like inexpensive [Turkish] food.
I'm sorry I do not show anything available. Would you like to try something else?
Ok, how about an [Italian] restaurant?
There are 5 listings matching your criteria. Do you have a preference on the area?
I do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. Please make a suggestion.
[Ask] is an Italian restaurant in the cheap priced category, and is the centre of town.
Can I get the address and phone number?
Ask is at 12 Bridge Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223 364917. Can I help you anything else today?
No, thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome, enjoy your food.


Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.
We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.
I was able to book you at the [Ashley Hotel]. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after [16:45] destination bishops stortford
I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?
That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR . Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.
It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day.
Thank you for your time goodbye!
thanks for using our services


I need to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge, can you help me?
Yes, what day will you be traveling?
monday, after [11:15]
There are 13 trains that match. Shall I reserve any tickets for you?
Can you reserve 6 tickets on the next train after 11:15?
I reserved you 6 seats on the TR5754. It leaves at 11:24. The total fee of 60.59 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is : 1IBJMMM8
Great sounds perfect!! Thank you so much for all your help.
No problem. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.


I would like a restaurant that serves [world] food
Im sorry, there are no restaurants that serve world food. Can I help you with something else?
How about [portuguese] food?
[Nandos] serves Portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address?
The phone number is 01223 327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?
There are five expensive places to dine in the North. Would you like to try [asian oriental] cuisine?
Yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for.
[Saigon City] at 169 High Street Chesterton fits the description. Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for 7 people at [12:30] on a Tuesday? Thanks
I made a reservation for you at Saigon City for a party of 7 on Tuesday at 12:30. Your reference is N2FHZ30Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wonderful. I'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area.
There are 79 attractions, would you like to try cineworld cinema?
I actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant
Sorry, I'm not seeing any results. Want to try a different type or area?
Let's try for a boat type instead then
There is one listing here. It is riverboat georgina. Its entrance fee is unlisted but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax and phone 01223902091
Thanks, I don't need anything else today! bye!
Ok. Have a great day.


Hello, do you have any information regarding interesting theatres to visit in the centre of town?
Sure thing, there are four theatres in the centre of town. ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
I'm interested in one of the theatres! Can I get the entrance fee information for those?
I'm sorry, but none of the theaters list the entrance fee. Would you like the phone number for any of them?
That's okay, could you provide me with the postcode and address, please? Also, I am looking for a train leaving after 16:00 this Monday.
The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street and its postcode is cb23pj. Before I find your train, could you tell me where you would like to go?
Of course, silly me :P I am looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage
The TR0254 leaves Cambridge at 17:21.
Awesome, thank you very much! I'm pretty sure that's all I need right now, but I'll be back if I think of anything else. Later!
Great thank you for using our system.


Yes, I am hoping you can give me some information on a train.
Can you please give me more information? There are numerous trains leaving on Friday to Cambridge.
I am leaving cambridge on Tuesday and going to Birmingham new street.
Sure, there are plenty of trains that match your requirements. Did you have a particular time of day you were wanting to travel on Friday?
I would like to leave after [21:45].
There are two trains that fit your criteria. One will arrive at 24:33 and the other at 01:44. Which suits your needs?
How about the one arriving at 01:44.
How many tickets can I book for you?
What is the travel time for the one arriving at 1:44.
The travel time for TR4724 is 163 minutes.
I would also like to go to a museum.
There are 23 museums available. Which part of town do you prefer?
I'm fine with any area of town.
we have lovely museums in the east, west, south and centre. I prefer the [byard art] myself that's in the south
I would like to give that a try. What is the entrance fee, phone number and area?
byard art museum is located in the south part of town. Their entrance fee is free. Their phone number is 01223464646. Can I further assist you today?
Thanks so much. That's all I need. Goodbye!
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your time at the museum. I am happy to have been able to assist you.


I need a South restaurant with [british] food.
I'm sorry but I cannot find any british food located in the south part of town.
Is there a [chinese] restaurant in the south part of town?
I've found three Chinese restaurants in the south part of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, any price range is fine. I would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.
Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant that is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
Thank you.


Are you able to find me a [french] expensive restaurant?
There are 2 expensive French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?
I like the sound of Restaurant Two Two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number?
Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide?
No, that's everything I needed today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.
There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?
An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.
I could recommend [old schools]. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?
Yes tell me one of those recommendations.
Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you provide me the full address including postal code? Thanks.
The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.
What kind of food would you like and what price range
I would prefer [British] food and an expensive price range if possible.
I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs. Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?
Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?
The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from [Old Schools] to the [Cambridge Chop House]. Can you help?
What time will you be needing the taxi service for?
I would like to leave Old Schools by [19:00].
Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all I need.
I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!


Can I please get a train ticket from Norwich to Cambridge?
We have many trains available but to help find the right one could you provide me with what day you will be departing and your departure time and arrival?
I will be leaving after [15:15] on Tuesday.
TR4180 leaves at 15:16. Does that work for you?
Perfect, can I get 8 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CO0GWJCJ . Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of park.
We have a lot of excellent options. Is there a particular area you'd like to visit?
Yes, I would like to visit a park.
There are parks in the centre, east, north and south. Could you please let me know which area you prefer?
The area doesn't matter, can you recommend one?
There is the [Cherry Hinton Water Play] park in the east. It's free to get into.
Can I get the phone number and the postcode?
Sure, the phone number is 01223446011 and the postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a park to go to. I will need the phone number and postcode. Also, what is the entrance fee for this? Thanks!
It is free admission.
Okay, that's all I need, thank you so much!
Have a nice day, goodbye.


I'm looking for a hospital, specifically the Addenbrookes Hospital.
I am looking for the main line at the hospital
I would like the postcode and address please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Ok, I'll call an Uber.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you again.
You're welcome, have a great day!
That is all I need. Thanks
Have a great day!


Could you help me find a 0 star hotel?
The cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range. It is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is the [cityroomz] a guesthouse? That's what I'm looking for.
No, Cityroomz is a hotel. The City Center North B&B or the El Shaddai are 0 star guesthouses.
You know what, the hotel will actually work for me. Can you tell me where Cityroomz is located?
Sure. It's in the centre on Station Road. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? I need it on Sunday.
Sorry, that booking wasn't available. Maybe another day or a shorter stay would work?
How about two night?
That worked. Your reference number is YZMQ4JNN .
Thank you, good bye.
Have a wonderful time, good bye.


Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves [bistro] in the moderate price range.
I couldn't find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?
How about one with [british] food?
There are 5 restaurants serving british food. Do you have a preferred area?
I do not have a preferred area. Which ones have a table available for 6 people at [12:30] on Tuesday?
Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?
No I do not need to stay within a price.
I have [Restaurant One Seven] in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please.
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference?
I just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range.
Sure. I booked you a table in [the oak bistro] which is in the center part of the town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z .
Great, thanks for that. See you!
Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!


I'm looking for a hotel called [Kirkwood House] please.
I've located Kirkwood House. It's a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to book a room?
May I please have the phone number for the hotel?
Absolutely. That number is 01223306283.
I'm also looking for some places to go while I'm in town.
There is boating, a park, and some swimmingpools in the north. Any preference?
I would like it to be a museum please.
I'm sorry there are no museums in the north. Would you like me to check a different area?
How about in the south?
How about the byard art museum the phone number is 01223464646.
How much is it to get in that place? And what's their postcode?
Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb21sj. Can I help with anything else?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much.
Thank you for using our system today!


Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?
Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?
Yes, do any serve [international] food?
I have 2. [The varsity restaurant] and bloomsberry. Both serve international food and are in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at [17:15] on monday?
Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need 17:15 on Monday. Perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices? Any cuisine is fine.
I was able to book you for the [yippee noodle bar], your reference number is E6ERFBKG
Thank you and goodbye
Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again.


Yes, could you help me find the Parkside Police Station please?
The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That's all I need.
Thank you for contacting us.


Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?
Absolutely, what area were you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't really matter, but I would like a 3-star place with internet.
There are two hotels that meet your preferences. I suggest the Gonville Hotel as it's in the city centre.
Could you give me the address, please?
They are located at gonville place. Would you like to book a room there?
Nah, not right now. I do need info on a train though. What's the schedule like on Sunday trains leaving cambridge?
I'll be happy to help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?
How about a train that will arrive by [12:15] heading to london liverpool street?
Train TR0995 arrives by 11:27. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you make me a booking for 1 person please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 39JEV1T5 .
Excellent, thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Let us know if you need anymore assistance.


Can you help me book a taxi please?
Yes what is your departure site?
I am departing from [sheep's green and lammas land park] fen causeway.
What time do you want to leave ?


Good Morning, I am looking for a place to on the east side that has entertainment
Ok, cherry hinton hall and grounds is in the east side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode please!
cb18dw is their postcode.
Thank You. I think that's all I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
The [cambridge chop house] serves british food, it is in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.
Great, what is the postcode and phone number?
The postcode is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223359506.
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. Can you please look that up for me.
i got 5 choices. what time do you want to leave?
I just need to leave on Wednesday and should arrive by [18:15].
Train TR2912 arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
What is the departure time?
I will be leaving at 17:00.
Ok, thank you. That is all the information I need today.
OK, if that's all you need, I'm happy to have been of service! Have a wonderful day.


What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?
There are 15 options to choose from. Is there a particular style of food you would like?
I don't have a style preference.
Well how about Asian oriental? I have several good but cheap options.
That sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on Tuesday at [15:15]?
Certainly! I have made a reservation at dojonoodlebar for the time specified and number of people in your party. Enjoy the restaurant!


I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?
What part of town would you like to stay in?
I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.
Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?
That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.
I'm sorry, but the [Acorn Guest House] doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?
Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.
Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT . What else can I do for you today?
Are there any attractions to see in town? I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.
We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?
Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.
I would recommend the [Broughton House Gallery]. It has a free entrance.
Ok, that sounds great.
The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street. The phone number there is 01223314960. Anything else?
Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.
When do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave the Acorn by [5:00] if possible.
Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.
Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.
I am happy to have helped. Thank you, have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.
We have many with those features. Do you have any other preferences to narrow it down, such as price range or location?
Oh, I would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please.
There are many, can I get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit?
I don't care about the area. As long as I can have it booked for 3 people starting on Tuesday for 5 nights.
I have the Arbury Lodge in the North that meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, please book [Arbury Lodge] for me.
The booking was successful, reference number is POHIT2CO .
Thank you! That's all for today. Goodbye!
Have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


Hi, Can you help me find a train from Norwich to Cambridge?
I would be happy to help! What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive wednesday at [16:45].
There is a train which departs at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35 would you like me to book that one?
No need to book it today. I would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though.
The price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a hotel with free parking.
We have 29 hotels that may be what you need. Is there a certain area or price range you are looking for perhaps?
I'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.
The [archway house] meets your criteria. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please, I need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, that length of stay is not available. Would you like to try again for a shorter stay?
How about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people. Please book and provide a reference number. Thank you.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FEK7TT66 . Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today, thank you
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.


Is there any place here in the centre that serves [corsica] food?
What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will do.
There are no restaurants available matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or food type?
Are there any restaurants in the centre that serves [North American] type of food?
Yes. The [gourmet burger kitchen] serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city. Would you like their location?
Can I get the phone number?
The phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need a cheap place to eat on the south side of town.
Great, I have two places to recommend. Nados serves Portuguese and the Lucky Star serves Chinese. Which one do you like?
[Nados] serves Portuguese sounds good can I get a address, food type, and phone number?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223327908.
Excellent. I also need to find a place to stay while in town. Can you help me find a cheap hotel?
Yes I can help. Will you be staying on the south side as well? Do you have any accommodation requirements? Thanks.
Yes, I'll be staying on the South side so a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi will do
I found [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast for you. Would you like me to book it?
Can i just get the address please?
Sure the address is 53 Roseford Road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need.
Okay, I will go ahead and sign off then. Let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [Scandinavian] food
No results for your query have been found. Would you like to try again?
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve [Italian] food?
Yes, there are five options for cheap Italian food. Three are located in the centre of town, one in the north, and one in the west part of town. Do you have a preference on area?
It really doesn't matter, but I suppose the north. Can I get the address and phone number please?
Of course. Da vinci pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the number is 01223 351707.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome, enjoy your food.


Please find for me the location of Addenbrookes Hospital.
Is is located on Hills Rd in Cambridge. Postcode: cb20qq.
What is the phone number?
The number is 01223245151. Is there any department that you're looking for?


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
There are quite a few hotels that fit that description. Do you have a preference as to area or price range?
I would like something in the east with 2 stars.
It looks like the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] will work well for you. Would you like me to book that?
Does it have free parking? Can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel?
Yes, it offers free parking. The phone number is 01223866800.
thanks. What's the address?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like a reservation?
That's not necessary, thanks.
You're welcome. May I help you with a taxi or restaurant booking?
That was all. Thank you
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please
I can help! What time are you looking to depart?
on wednesday by 8 15 please
Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by [07:56]. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX .
Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one?
There are 2 to choose from - [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool] and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?
Either is fine, I just need the postcode.
The postcode is cb43px. Anything else.
No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!
You are welcome. Glad I could help.


I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.
We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria. Would like me to look in a different area?
No, How about a swimming pool in that area?
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place. I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly
Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving friday.
There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?
I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by [18:30]
Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?
Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.
Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6 .
Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!
Enjoy your trip!


Can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?
The [Gonville Hotel] meets your requirements. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does it have free wifi? I need wifi.
Yes, they do offer free internet. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 1 person. I want to stay for 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place to stay?
Yes please. Another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi.
I do not have another 3 star hotel in the centre that meets your requirements. Would you like to try another area?
Do you have any hotels in the same price range as the Gonville Hotel?
The only other hotel that matches your requirements is the [lensfield hotel] located in the south. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book a room there.
Great your booking was successful Your reference number is 9GBHVFZW . Anything else today?
Thank you for all of your help.
Your welcome. Have a good day.


I would like to book a train.
What day do you need the train? What is your destination?
I am sorry I mean I want a nightclub to go in the wast side of town.
Unfortunately, there aren't any in that area. How about another location?
how about one that is in the type of museum.and make Make sure you get address
Kettle's yard is museum in the west part of town. It is located on castle street.
I also need a moderate priced room.
great! what area of town are you thinking of?
I'd like it to be a guest house in the north.
okay, I can help you with that. When are you planning your stay?
I'm not sure yet. I'm really researching right now. Can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range?
I've got 9 guesthouses in that price range. Do you need internet and/or parking?
No but I do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the guesthouse of your choice, thanks!
I have found 7 hotels now that match your criteria for parking and internet. Would you like me to choose on for you?
Yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the north and let me know their address and whether they offer free Internet and parking.
I recommend [Acorn Guesthouse]. They are in the moderate price range and have 4 stars. They offer both free internet and parking. May I reserve you any rooms?
Yes, please, I would appreciate that.
Ok great, and how many people and nights?
I actually don't need a room. I just need the address please.
154 chesterton road
Thank you, that is everything, sorry for being so annoying in the process.
No worries at all. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for some place to go in the town centre. Something sports related.
I am sorry but I have nothing in that area for sports. Would you like to try another area or attraction today?
OK, are there any colleges in the center of town?
There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Christ's College and Downing College are two of these, would you like some more information on one of these?
Yes, [Christ's College]. What is the entrance fee for that college?
I'm sorry, I cannot look up the entry fee to Christ's College. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a restaurant in the same area.
Sure, there are many nearby, do you have a type of cuisine you are looking for or a price range to look at?
I'd like something moderately priced.
The [yippee noodle bar] is in the centre and moderately priced. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like the post code. Also, if you can't get it for [Christ's College], do you know the entrance fee for [Downing College], by any chance?
The postcode of yippee noodle bar is cb11lh. Christ's college is free to enter.
Thanks! I think you covered everything I need. Have a good one. Bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please contact us for your future travel needs.


I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.
There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?
I want to leave by [19:30].
I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925. Does this sound acceptable?
Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T .
i am also looking for information about the [hamilton lodge].
The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?
They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.
Ok. Thanks. All set.
Is there anything else I can get for you today?
No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food.
There are three international restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference?
I would like to find a moderately priced place and I need a reservation for 4 people at [12:15] on a Thursday.
Okay I have the Bloomsbury and [the Varsity restaurants]. But I was unable to reserve either. Is there another time that would suit you?
Yes, could you make it for [11:15], and can you give me the reference number?
Alright, I have booked you a table for 11:15 at the varsity restaurant. Your reference number is HM90EAET . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere I could go in the centre of town?
Unfortunately I don't see anything entertainment related in the centre of town. How about another area of the city?
That's fine. I'd like to know about museums in the area instead.
Fantastic, there are 11 museums in the centre. Can I recommend the Fitzwilliam Museum, if you don't have a preference?
[Fitzwilliam Museum] sounds great. What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb21rb.
Great. Now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? From [The Varsity Restaurant] to [Fitzwilliam Museum]?
At what time would you like the taxi to arrive?
Actually it's from [Fitzwilliam Museum] to [The Varsity Restaurant] I want to arrive by the [11:15] booking please.
Certainly. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter, at long as I arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.
OK, a yellow Lexus will pick you up at the Varsity and get you to the Fitzwilliam by 11:15. The contact number is 07462272535. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that will do for now! Thanks for helping me today!
Have a fantastic day!
Thank you for all your help.
Glad I could be of assistance.


I want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is here in town. Is there particular department you need help contacting?
No, I just need the postcode.
Okay. The postcode is CB20QQ
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting us. Don't hesitate to contact us in the future if you need any more help.


I need a three star hotel with internet. Can you help?
I'm sorry, I cannot help you with hotels. Are you sure that's what you're looking for?
I'm sorry. I meant to ask for information on a restaurant. It's called the [Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar].
The stazione restaurant is an expensive, [italian] restaurant located in the centre area. Would you like me to make you a booking today?
Yes, sounds wonderful. Can you book a table for 7 at [12:00] on Saturday?
The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is TA6XS4CY .
Great. I also need to find an attraction in the center and would like to know what type, address and entrance fee you find.
Okay what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the centre.
I recommend the [vue cinema], it's got a lot of great features to watch!
Sounds good! Could I have the address and entrance fee, please?
Address is the grafton centre, east road, I do not know the entrance fee.
Thanks! Do you have a phone number so I can find the entrance fee.
The phone number is 08712240240.
Thank you! And this is a cinema attraction?
Yes it is. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else.
I hope you have a good trip. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel called [city centre north b and b]
May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?
They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.
And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by [14:00].
Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge from broxbourne.
TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
It is done, your reference number is YNUEX070 and you will need to pay 14.32 GBP at the station.
Thanks very much for your help today.
Was that everything you needed?
I'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?
60 mins would be the total duration.
Thank you for informing about the total duration.
You're welcome! I hope I've answered all of your questions. If you need further assistance, please give us a call.


I am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip
Sorry, I don't think I can help you there. Can I help with something else?
I am looking for a particular restaurant called [Zizzi Cambridge]. Can you tell me what area it is in?
Zizzi is in the centre of town.
Excellent. Thank you. Also, can you assist me with finding a train for Monday?
Sure! Provide me your itinerary.
We will be traveling from Cambridge and going to Ely, but it needs to leave after [21:00].
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.
I've booked you a train, the fee is 4.4GBP and the reference number is CYJKG5SK.
i didnt really need a booking, but oh well. can i get the price of the ticket though?
4.40 pounds is the price
Thanks for the info, that's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
You're welcome for contacting you. Have a nice day too. Bye bye.
In review, did you need a restaurant reservation or more information? Also, I have cancelled your train booking.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Taj Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like more information on them?
Is there anything else?
Yes. [chiquito] restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town.
May I have their address and phone number?
chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223400170. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Thanks for your call. Goodbye!


I am looking for information about a hotel called the [autumn house].
Ok. The autumn house is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. We'll arrive on Saturday.
You are booked! Reference number is : AS63WLAE .
Thank you so much!!
You are welcome. Do you need anything further?
Thank you. That is all for now.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.


Could you find me a hospital in town?
Yes, Addenbrookes Hospital is in your area, would you like me to book you an appointment?
Do they have a [transitional care] department? I would also like to know the postcode and phone number.
Yes they have transitional care. Their post code is CB20QQ and the phone is 01223254668. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I'll just head down, so I don't need anything else at the moment. Later!
Good luck, sir!


Hello, I need to book a train at [07:15] leaving Cambridge going to the town center on Thursday for 7 people.
Sure I can help with that. There are no trains going to the town centre. Do you have another destination in mind?
Could you check for a bus?
I think we may need to recheck your intended arrival location. To where and from where do you wish to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge at [14:30].
And where are you going?
I will be going to ely.
What time do you want to arrive by?
Doesn't matter. I just can't leave until 14:30
There is a 15:50 train that will arrive at 16:07. Does that sound good?
Does the train depart on Friday? Does it go to Stevenage?
I'm sorry, earlier you said you were going to Ely, but now you're asking about stevenage. What is your destination, please?
For Clarification: From Cambridge to destination Stevenage,, on friday, leaving after 14:30.
sorry about that, how many tickets?
just one person
There are five available trains, leaving every two hours, starting at 15:21. Would you like me to book at seat on the earliest train?
Do you know how long the travel time is and the price?
The travel time for all trains is approximately 49 minutes and each ticket costs 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book you on one?
No, that is all thanks.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


i need a train going to leicester that leaves after [11:45]
Sure, are you going to leicester, or to cambridge? What is your departure site please?
I will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. I need to leave after 11:45 also.
The earliest train leaving after 11:45 is at 12:09 on friday. Would you like me to book this for you?
That is fine. Can I have the train ID once it's booked?
Of course, what day will you be traveling, and how many people will be in your party?
I need 1 ticket for departure on Thursday.
Great. I have booked you one seat on the 12:09 train from Leicester and your reference number is 7UR3BFW6 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I want to reserve a table for 7 people at [15:00] on Thursday at an expensive [African] restaurant. Can you help me with this?
There are no tables available at Bedouin at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot or perhaps a different day?
Sure. If there are no other African eateries to choose from, try the [14:00] at the Bedouin.
There is one restaurant called [bedouin], but unfortunately it does not have any open reservations for matching your specifications. Could you provide another day or time?
Could you get a reservation at a difference expensive African restaurant?
I was successfully able to book you a reservation for 7. The reference number is R2RPLBI3 . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I have everything I need.
You are welcome. Good bye.


I am looking for a place to stay.
Sure. Do you have a preference as to location, price, or amenities?
I would like free parking and wifi for sure. Preferably on the west side with 4 stars, too.
I'd suggest [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. It's a guesthouse in the west area with free internet and parking.
That sounds wonderful. Could you reserve our rooms? We'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on Sunday. I think we'll be staying 4 nights.
I have booked Finches Bed & Breakfast for you starting Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is H7WHFPQT . Is there anything I may assist with?
Thank you, yes, I'd like to also find a nice park to visit while I'm in town. Can you see if there is one near my hotel?
Unfortunately, I could not find a park in the west. Can I try a different area?
No, but can you try to find a museum in the west please?
Sure, I'd like to suggest the cafe jello gallery. Is that everything?
May I please get their address and phone number?
The Cafe Jello Gallery is at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street and their phone number is 01223312112. What else can I do for you?
No, you've been so helpful. Thank you so much! Have a great night.
You're welcome, have a great day as well.


I need a train to Cambridge please. I plan to leave out on Tuesday
Sure, no problem. Where are you heading in from?
I am leaving peterborough.
What time do you need to travel?
I need to leave after [14:15]
TR9964 departs peterborough at 14:19, or there is also a later one that leaves at 14:48. Do either of these suit your needs?
Um, the one at 14:48 please. Could you book it for 6 people?
Your train is book it will cost 99 GBP and payable at station. Your reference number is 7ZNQOMB8 . Anything else you may need?
Yes. I'm looking for a restaurant called [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]. Can you tell me the price range and area that's in?
I sure can. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is on the expensive side and it's located in the center area of town. Anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. It serves [chinese] food. What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, phone number 01223 248882 and postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I want a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, I just need the phone number, address and postcode please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. General phone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you.
welcome. at your service next time
Great! Have a nice day!
You as well. Goodbye.


Is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?
In addition to architecture, colleges, and museums, we also have boat attractions, nightclubs, and theatres in the centre.
I would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.
There are a few places, mainly churches, that have great architecture. Do you want information on any of those?
No thank you though. I would like information on [greek] restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?
there is no greek restaurant in the centre. can we change the location?
Well, how about [African] food?
[Bedouin] is an expensive serving african food in the centre of town.
That sounds good, can you book 2 people at [13:30] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IA596HSH . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to be at the restaurant by [13:30], of course.
Okay and where do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant. Can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?
I can do that. I'm sorry, but can you clarify your departure site? It appears it would be a location in the centre?
You're right. I forgot to select an architectural sight that I wanted to visit. Could you suggest one in the city centre.
Sure thing. I would suggest the [old schools].
That sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey bmw Contact number : 07935848087
thanks that's all i need
Can I assist you with anything further, today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
Thank you, you too.


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help?
I have a number of cheap hotels available; do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care which area the hotel is in.
Ok, would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
any so long as it is a 2star and has wifi
I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Do you want me to check a different price range?
Yes, please try expensive.
I'm sorry, there's not guesthouse fitting THAT description either. Do you want to try a different hotel type or something?
Try either a hotel or guesthouse.
The [express by holiday inn cambridge] is a 2 star hotel in the east area that is expensive. It has wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DAEY6JJV .
Thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [vegetarian] food and that is expensive.
I don't seem to have any vegetarian restaurants. Do you have a second choice for cuisine?
[Italian] would be fine.
There are 5 expensive Italian restaurants around town is there an area you prefer?
No any area will work. Whatever you recommend. I need a reservation for Friday, 3 people at [13:45]. Please include the reference number.
I reserved a table for you at [stazione restaurant and coffee bar], you ref # is SUY8VW, anything else for you today?
No, that's it! Thank you for all your help!
ok, have a great day!


I've just been robbed. I need to report it.
So sorry to hear that. You can get assistance by contacting Parkside Police Station at Telephone 01223358966, Address Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG.
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome, and good luck.


Can I get the next train?
I'm afraid our train system seems to be down at the moment. Can I help you find a hotel until it is back up and running?
No, but I am looking for a nightclub to go to. What ones are there?
There are quite a few in the Centre. I suggest either Club Salsa or Soul Tree Nightclub.
[Club Salsa] sounds good. Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?
You sure may. The address is 1 Station Road, CB12JB. The phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thanks. I would like some information on [Rosa's] bed and breakfast, please.
What information are you looking for?
Does such a place exist? If so, I would like some information on it, like the postcode.
sure the address is 53 roseford road and the postcode is cb22ha. anything else?
That is everything, thank you very much.
Enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?
There are 33 hotels, is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. Are there any like that?
We have five hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Are any of them guesthouses? I would prefer a guesthouse.
No, they're all hotels. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?
There are no expensive guest houses.
I would settle for a moderate price ranged one.
There are some in the north and one in the east. Does either option sound better?
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. For 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.
Do you want a hotel in the north or east?
It doesn't matter. Whichever one you think is best.
How does [acorn guest house] sound? They're on 154 chesterton rd and you'd get free parking, too.
Okay great! Can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?
Done! Your reference number is 1CD4LZ9R . Do you need assistance with anything else today?
No that was all I needed thanks so much for your help.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.


I would like to book a hotel room for two.
Okay, is it possible you meant to say you needed to find a train? I can help you with that.
Yes, sorry. I need to leave Stansted airport on Tuesday.
And what is your destination?
Cambridge. Please give me departure time and travel time.
Would leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52 work?
It most certainly would, thank you. I am not ready to book, can you just give me the travel time for that trip?
The travel time is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No, that's all, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, can you help me find a train? I'm in the planning stages of a trip there.
Absolutely! Do you know which train station you would like to use?
Not really but I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.
There are hourly trains Friday morning, you could take the TR5408 leaving at 7AM, arriving at 9:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Does that work?
No. I need the train on a thursday and it has to arrive by [13:45]. Can you give me the departure time, price, and travel time for that train?
I have TR2102 that leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 12:44. The ticket price is 75.10 pounds. And the travel time is 163 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, do you have any suggestions of places to go in the centre?
sure! do you like museums?
Yes, I enjoy going to museums. Can you recommend one?
I've heard good things about the [Primavera]. And there is no entrance fee, so that's a bonus!
That sounds great. Can you please provide me with the phone number and postcode.
Absolutely. The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today have a nice day.
Thanks for using our service today!


Can you book a hotel for me? I would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown Cambridge for tonight for 2 people.
There is one called the [Gonville Hotel], but it's expensive. Is this alright?
yes that would be fine. Are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? And may I have the address please?
There are four in the area that are free and one that has a fee of 2 pounds, would you like more information?
Sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones?
I would recommend Saint Catherine's College located at King's Parade, postcode cb23rl.
Thank you, I actually need a guesthouse with free parking.
Thank you for clarifying that you need a guest house. So that I might best find the right place for you, could you restate any other needs with regards to lodgings?
I need free parking in the moderate pricerange.
Unfortunately, I do not have any 3-star rated guesthouses that are moderately priced and in the centre with free parking. Would you like to change any criteria?
No that is ok! I decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. So can I book that guest house?
I don't see any 3 star guesthouses available in the centre. However [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is a nice 4 star, cheap guesthouse. Does that work?
Does that guesthouse come with free wifi?
Yes, they do offer free internet as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
yup. 5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for Monday. Thanks.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful, probably because the guesthouse is booked for some or all of these days. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or book another day?
Okay. Let's try for four nights and may I get the reference number.
I was able to find availability for 4 days. Booking was successful. Reference number is : 84JDP6OG .
Great! That should be all I need. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


i am looking for information in Cambridge.
I can certainly help you with that! What do you want to know?
I'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.
Do you have a price range or area preference? Because if not, how about a and b guest house located in the east and moderately priced.
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is a great place. Do you need a reservation?
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.
Acorn Guest House would be perfect for your needs.


I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.
they are many. what is your prefered food type?
Are there any restaurants that serve [French] food? If so, I will need the phone number to the restaurant.
yes [cote] does. can i give you their contact?
Yes please. I did state that I wanted the phone number.
The number for Cote is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me some information on a hotel called [holiday inn Cambridge], please?
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2-star hotel in the east. They're located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please! I'll be traveling solo, and I need 3 nights starting Monday.
Ok. I've booked a room with a queen sized bed for 3 nights starting Monday at the [Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?
Sure, what time should I set it up for the taxi to pick you up?
Well, I need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by [09:15]. I need the contact number and car type please.
Alright, you'll be picked up by a grey Volvo, and the contact number is 07916701458. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is all. Goodbye
It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.


I want to eat at an expensive [gastropub] restaurant
There are two gastropub's in the centre of town in the expensive price range, would you like me to book one?
Yeah, I need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at [12:30] please
Would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east?
The center of town would be best.
Your reservations are complete at the [Backstreet Bistro]. Your reference number is 7H01DZW5 .
Thank you so much. I don't think I need anything further.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Feel free to call us again if you need anything else. Goodbye.


I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?
Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel. How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.
Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H . Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.
There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?


Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions. I am looking for places to go in town.
Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?
The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.
The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?
What is the postcode for The [Vue] Cineme?
The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.
I have one place.Shall I book it?
Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ . Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the [hotel]?
Absolutely, when did you want to leave?
I would like to leave by [23:30].
For me to book your Taxi what time you will like to arrive?
You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it
Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?
I am also looking for an attraction.
What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?
I would like to find a cinema.
The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.
Thank you that is all for now.
Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.


Hi, I am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when I get there. Can you help me?
Certainly. Do you have any particular types of things you'd like to see?
I'm interested in exploring the local architecture.
There are many colleges and churches to see.
Do you have a favorite?
My favorite is clare hall.
I need a place that is architecture.
How about [old schools]? It is architecture and a school!
Could I have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?
Okay, Old Schools is on Trinity Lane and is in the centre. Post code is cb21tt and it is free admission.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. Do you have anything like that?
there are no expensive hotel in the north. can you change the location?
I would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?
We have 2 matches. ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both have the identical amenities. Do you prefer one over the other?
Let's go with [Ashley Hotel]. For 8 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday. I need the reference number.
You are booked, the reference number is QBIAGDVH, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need to book a taxi from [Old Schools] to leave by [21:30]
Where would you like to be picked up?
Pick me up from the hotel.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Skoda and the contact number is 07641158259.
Thank you for all your help! That will be all!
Thank you for choosing Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a good day!


I need a place to eat in the centre of town.
There are a lot of restaurants to choose from in the centre, what type of food do you want to eat?
Can you please search for [indian] food.
I have many choices in the city center. Are you looking for something expensive or cheap?
I want something expensive.
How about [Curry Garden] on Regent Street?
That would be fine. I would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at [18:15].
The curry garden will be expecting your party on Wednesday at 18:15. Your reference is 925W0ZE2 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes. I also need a 4 star hotel.
There are 21 4 star options. Do you need internet or parking?
Parking doesn't matter, but I want it to be in the same area as the restaurant.
There are two 4 star choices in the centre. A cheap guesthouse as well as an expensive hotel. Would you like to book one today?
I'll like a hotel with free internet
I have two results for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel
Either will do - which place do you think is better?
I would recommend University arms hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Does it have free parking? Also I need to know if they have free internet. The address and the type of hotel it is, got it?
It does have free parking. It is a hotel. The address is regent street, post code cb21ad. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.
when will you be arriving and how many rooms?
I actually don't need a booking at this time. I have everything I need. Thank you, goodbye!
Glad to be of help. Have a nice day.


I need to find a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge.
There are dozens of places to eat in the north. What kind of food are you interested in?
I'd like something that serves [modern European].
There are four choices available that range from cheap to expensive, what is your preference with price?
Great can you book one for 2 people at [16:00] on monday please?
Ok, I have a reservation for 2 at [de luca cucina and bar] on Monday at 16:00. The reference number is: HC9L602O .
I am also looking for a train for Monday departing birmingham new street.
It looks like there are trains running hourly from 5:40. Did you have a time of day in mind?
I'm looking to arrive in cambridge by [10:15].
The TR7853 gets you to Cambridge about 09:23. Would you like that one?
Possibly. Can you give me the departure time, travel time and a price?
That one departs at 06:40, and arrives at cambridge on monday at 09:23. It's duration is 163 minutes. The price is 75.10 pounds.
Sounds good. Is there a ticket available on that train?
Yes, I was able to book you for the train, the train number is TR7583, the reference number is LW0W57MP, the ticket is 75.09 payable at the station
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
I won't be needing anything else, thank you.
You're very welcome. I'm glad to have helped. Enjoy your trip.


I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.
Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by [12:45].
The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works. Can I get the train id number and the price please?
the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
I need to find me a room as well.
What part of town would you prefer? And, do you need internet?
Looking for something in the North, cheap price range please. Don't care much about internet.
There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. The City Centre North B and B, and the [Worth House]. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Sure, Saturday for 5 nights and 7 people.
I have booked the Worth House for you. The reference number is G7TDBIJU . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does the Worth House have a star rating of 4?
Yes, the Worth House has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 7 people.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is G7TDBIJU .
Thank you that will be all I need.
Okay, have a nice day! Bye!


I have been robbed and need to know how I can get help.
The police station in parkside can help. Their telephone is 01223358966 with their postcode being CB11JG.
Perfect, I will give them a call, and see if they can tell me what I should do next.
Is there anything else I can help you with?


I want something that's moderately priced. Any type of food.
What area would you like?
I would like the north part of town, please.
[Golden Wok] serves Chinese food. Would you like their address and phone number?
yes I would like their address and phone number
The golden wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you goodbye
Have a great day and enjoy your food.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
There are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town.
Do any serve [spanish] food?
Yes, [La Raza] serves Spanish food. Would you like their phone number?
No, I would like the address and the post code please.
La Raza is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using this system


I'm looking to get some info about a hotel called [Home from Home]
Home from Home is located at 78-80 Milton Rd. It's a 4 star hotel in the north part of town. Phone is 01223323555.
Yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.
Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is Z7XFCSHU .
I am also looking for an [Indian] restaurant that is located in the centre?
there is curry garden as well as eight other options for you.
[Curry Garden] sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at [12:15] on saturday?
I have a table for 4 at 12:15 on Saturday at Curry Garden. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Could I get the reference number please?
Your reference number is XDJE6L0H . Do you need anything else?
No that is all I do believe thanks for all of your help
You are welcome! Enjoy your visit!


i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after [16:30], please.
Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.
Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.
The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC .
Thanks for the booking. I also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.
[Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] is available in the north area. It's a moderate price range and has free internet. How many days will you be staying?
We will be staying for five days.
And which night would you like to start your stay?
One moment. I am looking for 2 stars. Does Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have two stars?
It has 4 stars, should I book that for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.
Which day of the week is the start of your stay, please?
Is it available starting Thursday?
I just need to confirm before I book this hotel, do you want a 4-star hotel or 2-star hotel? Or does it matter?
Four star please same group of people starting Thursday I need a ref number too please.
Your room is booked (Ref#QN4WVXJJ). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all today. Thanks!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of cuisine or price range you are looking for?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but I need a table for 7 people for Tuesday at [13:15].
Unfortunately there is no vacancy on that day at that time. Can we try another day or time?
Could we try for Tuesday at [12:15] please.
I made a reservation at [Bedouin], an African restaurant, for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:15. Your reservation number is PN95JSUF . Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called [Whale of a Time]. Do you have any information on it?
Yes, Whale of a Time is located in the west part of town, phone number is 01954781018. Any other questions?
Could I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?
The postcode is cb238el, address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and there is not an entrance fee listed. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.
I have booked a Yellow Tesla for you and you will arrive at the restaurant by 12:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07916644539. Is there anything else?
No, that should do it, thanks!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of [Trinity College].
I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?
Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is? My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.
It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.
Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?
I would [chinese] please.
Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.
May I suggest [Jinling Noodle Bar], they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?
their phone number is 01223566188.
Great! Thanks. I also need a taxi to take me between the two. I want to leave the restaurant by [08:30]
I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.
Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jinling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.
Perfect, thank you for all your help.
Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?
No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.
We have a couple options available to you, is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about price range, but I do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.
I have the Huntingdon Marriott that is more expensive. Also, the [Cambridge Belfry] that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me their post codes?
Huntingdon marriott post code is pe296fl and the cambridge belfry postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can assist you with today?
No. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I also need information on the [maharajah tandoor restaurant] please.
It is an expensive restaurant in the west area serving indian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at [16:00] on Wednesday.
I have completed the booking. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is KQLHM8ST .
Would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the [Huntingdon Marriott] to the [Maharajah Tandoor]?
Sure thing, what time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.
I have reserved you a blue tesla, Contact number : 07639403969. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you for your help!
You are welcome. If you need anything else, we are always here to help.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?
Is there any [Turkish] cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.
The [Meze Bar] restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.
I am also looking for museums in the area.
There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?
I don't really care, what do you recommend? I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.
How about [Cambridge Contemporary Art]? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.
Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart?
I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by [19:15] please.
No problem. Your taxi has been reserved. Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, thank you!
Okay, have a nice day.


Hey, I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
I have several options to offer you, is there an area of town, or price range you'd like?
Thanks! I really don't care about the area. I need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking.
In order to try to narrow down your options, do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced?
I don't mind about the price but I want something with 4 stars .
How about the [Archway House]? it is moderately priced in the north.
That sounds nice. Can you get it for four nights starting Thursday?
I will be happy to book it for you! How many people will be staying?
Four people. Thanks.
I've book the hotel for you for 4 people on Thursday. The reference number is QMOZPFHQ .
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Bye.
You're welcome. If you need anything else please let us know.


I'm hurt and I need to find a hospital. Oh, and one with an [oncology] department!
Hello, I'm sorry you are injured. Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd. If you need to call the oncology department directly they may be reached at 01223217708.
Thank you. Can I have the postcode too please.
The postcode is CB20QQ
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome. I hope everything is okay!


I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train
I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours. Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?
We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after [21:15]. Can you book this for four people? I need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32 .
Thanks, I also need a guest house.
We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?
I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet
there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?
No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.
Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the [alexander bed and breakfast]. Would you like to book there?
as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.
It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC . Anything more I can help with?
that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!


I need to get a taxi out of [holy trinity church].
What is your destination?
I'm going to [saint johns chop house].
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I need to arrive at the chop house by [22:30].
Your taxi is booked. Look for a yellow Volkswagen.
I need the contact number please.
The contact number is 07727071722. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all Thank you goodbye.
Please call us anytime. Good Bye.


I'd like for a taxi to take me to [gonville hotel] today
And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be departing from [j restaurant].
What time would you like to depart at?
I'd like to leave after [21:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white honda Contact number : 07694199231
Great, thank you! That's all I need today.
You're quite welcome. Have a lovely trip! Goodbye.


Please find me an expensive place to dine on the South side of town
Sure, we have Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican that you could choose from.
How about [chinese].
Okay, how about the good luck chinese food takeaway? Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds [good]! Book a table for 3 at [13:45] please.
I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like the reservation for?
I'd like to make it for Wednesday. Can you include the reference number?
Your reservation is all set for Wednesday. Your reference number is 68X7U9IG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.
Ok and for how many days ?
how about 1 nights.
There are 5 results matching your requirements. What area of town would you like?
The area does not matter. Just the criteria I stated. It will be starting Wednesday.
How about the University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and wifi, and it's a 4 star rated hotel.
If you can book it for my group, I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?


I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket?
Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?
Any time that lets me arrive by [08:45].
The TR4016 from london kings cross to cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?
great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?
Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called [Curry King]?
Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?
Can you book be there for 8 people at [18:30] on thursday?
I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ .
Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today.
You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
I have two that fit that description, would you prefer Chinese or Portuguese?
Either one. I just need it to be open on Sunday.
Okay, lets do the [Lucky Star]. Would you like a reservation?
I would like that. A table for 8 at [12:00].
I have booked a table for 8 at the Lucky Star. The reference number is IILATPJI . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It should have free parking.
The [acorn guest house] would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.
Your hotel reservation number is D6UOJ6SH, for Sunday, 8 people for two nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a certain hotel. Could you see if you might have any info on it?
Sure thing! Can you give me the name of the place?
Yes, I'm looking for [Hobson's House].
Yes, it is a guesthouse in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to know anything else about it.
Could I get the postcode please?
Postcode is CB39LH. Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Have a great day!


I am looking for a place to stay
I will definitely be able to help you with that. Did you want a hotel or a guest house?
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.
There are a lot of guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you want to stay in a particular area?
No, I don't care about the location. I do want a 4 star place though.
The [acorn guest house] has a 4 star rating and is in the moderate price range. It is in the north area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes. Where is a good expensive restaurant in the West area of town?
There are nine expensive restaurants in the west, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?
Can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?
There's british, european, indian, and thai.
What's the address, postcode and phone number of the [thai] restaurant?
[Sala Thong] serves Thai food and is located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help with a booking?
Yes can you please book that for me?
What day and time would you like me to reserve the restaurant for?
let's book it for wednesday please.
How many people will the booking be for and what time would you prefer the booking to be at?
I think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. Let's start afresh. Please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi
The address to acorn is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you! Good bye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. It was a pleasure to help you.


I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.
Would you like a table at Cotto?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for [Cotto]? Thanks
Sure! The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?
There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. Do you have particular type of attraction in mind?
No, what do you recommend?
The [old schools] is wonderful located at trinity lane.
What is the entrance fee and phone number?
They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also want a taxi two go between those two places.
Ok, will you be leaving from the restaurant or the college? And what time of day would you like this booking to be?
I want to leave the college by [07:00] so please go ahead and book that taxi for me
I was able to book your taxi. It is a white Tesla and the contact number is 07335673174. Is there anything else you need today?
that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot
I'm glad I was able to help you today. Hope you have a great day.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.
There are several. May I recommend [Emmanuel College]? They are located on Saint Andrew's Street and have no entrance fee.
ok. What is their phone number?
Their number is 01223334200.
I also need a hotel to stay in.
What type of hotel are you looking for?
I need a HOTEL in the cheap price range.
Then you want [the cambridge belfry], would you like me to book you a stay?
Does it have free parking?
There is free parking.
Okay. Please book a stay starting on Tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : YJQS3BTA .
thanks for all of your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?
Sure! There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. Is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
Oh, yes! [Italian], please.
I can recommend [Ask] restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. Book for 7 people on wednesday at [11:45] please.
I was able to book your party at Ask. Your reservation will hold for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I get the reference number please?
Reference number is : V0PVDPBC . Need anything else?
No thank you! Goodbye.
You're welcome and have a great day!


Good evening, I need to take a train from Cambridge to Norwich.
What day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Wednesday and arrive by [15:30].
I have train TR1144 leaving at [5:36] and arriving at [6:55]. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes, that would work. I don't need a ticket though. But, can I ask the price per ticket?
The price is 17.60. Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also interested in places to go in town.
What area would you be in?
I would like information on the colleges in the centre please.
I have 13 results that match, is there anymore information you can give me on what you are looking for?
recommend any and give me the entrance fee and postcode
gonville and caius college have free admission. Their postcode is cb21ta
Thanks, that's all I need for today
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, thank you very much. That will be all.
Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.


I would like to go to a theatre in town. How many are there and where are they?
What area in town would you like to go to?
I don't care, anywhere in town is fine.
i suggest [the junction]. it is in south. can i give you the address?
Sure. What is the Address, phone number and postcode?
The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you that is all.
I am glad we were able to help you today. Have a good day.
I need to find a train.
Okay- from where to where?
I am wanting to go from Stevenage to Cambridge.
OK - what day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday and should arrive by [10:45]
The TR4800 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?
The departure time is all I need.
Have a nice day.


I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderate priced Asian Oriental restaurant. Does that sound good?
No, the restaurant should serve [modern european] food.
Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the other is the Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in the center. Would either of them interest you?
Let's try the [Brasserie].
If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.
Just 1 person at [13:15] on thursday
You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ
Thanks. That's all I need!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye!


Hello, can I please have some information on the types of museums that are available in Cambridge and their location?
Sure. There are 79 different museums in Cambridge. Is there an area of the city you were looking to visit? Or price range?
Not really anywhere specific, and I don't care about the price range.
May I suggest the Broughton House Gallery? It is a nice museum in the centre which is free to visit. Shall I provide more information?
What is the postcode and phone number there?
01223314960 and cb11ln
I also need a place to eat, I want [European] food and it needs to be expensive.
I have many choices. What part of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. You choose. Can I get the area, phone number and address please?
I recommend Eraina, it is in Centre, the phone number is 01223368786 and the address is Free School Lane City Centre. Can I book you a table there?
No thank you, that's all the information I need right now.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hi! Can you give me some information on the [Royal Spice] restaurant?
Of course! It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the north at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?
I would like to book for two on Wednesday, at [17:15].
I have you booked Wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8 .
Great, thanks! That's all I needed!
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.


Hi, I am planning my Cambridge trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.
Sure, is there a particular area of town you're interested in?
No, I need help with a particular attraction. Can you help?
I sure can, what is the name of the attraction you are seeking information about?
I'm looking for [tenpin] I want the address and entrance fee.
Tenpin address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. I am sorry I have no information about their entrance fee. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, I also wanted to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.
I have expensive hotels, or moderately priced guesthouses. But no expensive guesthouses.
What about a 4 star guest with free parking. If there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the cheap range.
I found 7 cheap ones. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference. Please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on friday.
Okay, you are all booked at the [leverton house]. Your reference number is UDJH8B4E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be it for today, thank you.
You are welcome. Have a good afternoon.


Yes I need the nearest police station, I was in a car accident.
The Parkside Police Station is the closest in postcode CB11JG, their phone number is 01223358966
That's all I need, thank you.
I hope your day gets better. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train going to Ely please.
What day is this for?
It will be for Thursday.
What time would you like to go?
I just need to arrive by [14:15].
I have three different train choices. Depending on how early you want to arrive. I have one arriving at 6:07, one at 8:07 and one at 10:07.
What's the travel time? Knowing that will help me select on a time.
The travel time is only 17 minutes.
When is the departure time for 10:07?
TR1923 departs cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in ely by 10:07, total travel time of 17 minutes. Do you want to book a ticket?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help!
Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's it. Thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


where is the Addenbrookes Hospital?
It's located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, you can reach them via telephone at 01223245151.
Thanks, do they have a [children's oncology and haematology] department?
Yes, they do. That department can be reached directly at 01223217231. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No, that's all I needed to know. Thank you.
My pleasure, if you should need more information please feel free to contact us again.
I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye. Hope everything turns out okay!


Hi, I could use help with my planning. I am trying to find a place to stay.
Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.
We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?
They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?
Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.
Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ . Is there anything else?


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Portuguese] food.
[nandos] city centre serves portuguese food. They are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range.
What is their address?
nandos city centre is at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for some places to go in town. I'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.
There are many to choose from! Almost 80. Can you tell me if you have a certain type of place you want to visit?
What do you recommend? I will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.
I honestly recommend visiting a famous college such as [Christs] or Magdalene.
Could I have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.
Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and postcode CB23BU. There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet.
There are about 33 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to a certain area of town and price range?
I'm sorry,was Christ's College in the centre? I did need something in that area.
Yes it is in the centre.
Is there one in the centre with free parking
Sorry, parking isn't something that is mentioned for attractions.
Okay. I'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.
[alexander bed and breakfast] would meet those needs. could i look for something else? or can i book a stay here at this one?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.
I have your rooms booked. The reference number is : OGBAZ8XW . KIs there anything else i can assist you with today?
Great I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where will you be leaving from? What time would you like to leave?
i want to leave by [10:45]
I've got a ride for you. A yellow Skoda. Their phone number is 07546403281
Great, thanks! That's everything I needed.
Perfect. I hope you have a wonderful stay. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive [gastropub] restaurant in Cambridge
I see there are two in centre and one in East area. Do you have a preference?
Yes I need the one in the east.
Great! That's the [Royal Standard] at 290 Mill Road City Centre cb13nl. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. We need a table for 2 at [14:45] on Saturday.
Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different time?
How about at [13:45]?
Your table is booked! It will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 9M44WAHK .
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.
I recommend the Lensfield hotel on the south side. Shall I book a room?
I would like it to have free parking, please.
The [Lensfield] has free parking and free internet. Did you need a room there, or perhaps their address?
I would like to book a room, please.
Ok, I can book a room for you at the Lensfield Hotel, I just need some information. For starters, what day would you like to check in?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?
The Lensfield Hotel's phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you. Do you know what type of hotel Lensfield is?
It is a hotel, expensive. What else would you like to know?
Does this hotel offer free wifi?
Yes it does.
I need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and I need car type and number
Ok, I've booked a white Tesla for you, their contact number is 07752313537. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, I know I said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out I need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - [13:45] on Saturday
Ok I changed that for you. You will have a white audi contact number 07235895362
Great, thanks so much. Sorry for the confusion.
It's no problem. Is there something else I could assist you with today?
That is everything, thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!


Hi, can you suggest some tourist sites to visit in Cambridge?
There are 79 tourist sites listed in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in seeing?
Yes, I'd love to visit a college. Is there a nice one in the city centre?
[Christ's College] is on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre. It is lovely.
What's the entrance fee, address, and phone number?
Christ's college is free to enter. It's located on saint andrew's street, and their phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train that will leave after [14:00] and should depart from cambridge.
I'm sure we can find what you're looking for. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Norwich this Thursday.
How about the TR5190 train? It leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55.
That sounds perfect, that's all that I needed to know, thank you for your help!
Thank you for choosing the help desk. Good Bye


Hi, I'm curious about attractions located in the center of town.
I have over 40 great attractions in the town centre. How do you feel about entrance fees?
I don't care about entrance fees.
Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Yes I would like the center.
How about [all saints church]?
Sounds good, could I get the address please?
All Saints Church Jesus Lane, postal code cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no that takes crare of it
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.
There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?
I have no particular area in mind. Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?
There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?
I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after [08:15]?
Where will you be going and on what day?
I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.
TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?
Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please.
I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.
I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?
I believe that is all, thank you
Have a great day!


I'm looking for an attraction in the category of swimming pool.
I've got four pools for you. What area are you in?
I'm pretty open. Can you list the areas? I'll choose one of the four.
Yes, west, east, south and north.
Please tell me about the locations of some pools in the south.
I am sorry but there are none in the south. I have one east, two north and one centre.
One in the east is fine. I need the address please?
The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a guesthouse in a moderate price range.
What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but it should have 4 stars please.
The [acorn guest house] is awesome. I would suggest that place.
Could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Saturday?
I have you booked for 4 days. What else can I do for you?
I will need the reference number.
the reference number is 9g1eycif .
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!
No problem. Enjoy your stay.


Can you help me find a concert hall?
There is one concert hall in town, The Man on the Moon, located at 2 norfolk street in the centre of town. Do you need more information?
I need a concerthall on the west area of town.
I am sorry I have only one listing for the city center. Would you consider other attractions?
Yes, I would consider a museum.
great, there are 7 museums in the west.
Can you make a recommendation and please provide the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
Cafe Jello Gallery Phone is o12233289438 and is on 13 Madalene treet


I'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the expensive price range.
The [Express by Holiday Inn] is located at 15-17 Norman Way int he Coldhams Business Park which is located in the east.
it doesn't need a free parking. Can you book a room for me?
Yes, how many people and what day would you like to book?
I do not need to book.
Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I just need to know the how many stars it has, the phone number there, and if they have WiFi.
Sure, it has two stars, includes wifi, and the phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with any thing else today?
I am also trying to find a [Venetian] restaurant. Are there any in town?
Yes, we have [thanh binh] on the West side. Would you like a reservation?
Please book it for me.
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Can you make a reservation for Monday at [19:30] for 8 people?
Absolutely. Anything else I can assist you with?
Um I think you're getting ahead of yourself? I'm still waiting on that reference number for the booking you said you'd complete....
Unfortunately I can't get that booking for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Oh...alright...well I guess not then. You weren't very helpful but whatever bye
I am sorry for the delay. Also, there are no Venetian restaurants. Did you want a Vietnamese restaurant instead?


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
Alright, I've found several options. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter
Alpha-milton guest house doesn't offer internet. It is rated three stars, in the north part of town. Should I book this?
No, I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi. It's in the East side of town with a moderate price range. Should I book it for you?
No, I just need to know if they have free parking.
They do not have parking.
Ok, I would prefer something else with parking.
Allenbell looks like it would be a good choice.
Thanks, does it have free wifi as well?
Yes, they provide both internet and parking at their establishment.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Good bye, enjoy your stay.


I've been robbed. Can I get some help?
Please contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station, the telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, that is all I need. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Do you need any further assistance?


I am looking for [Warkworth House] hotel. Any information on it?
It's a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
Ok, and what area of town is that in?
It is in the east part of town.
Thank you. Are there any attractions I could visit in the town centre?
There are 25 possible attractions in the requested area. Are you looking for any specific types of attractions?
No not really. Can you recommend me an attraction that's in the centre area? Can I also get the address, entrance fee, and phone number for it? Thanks!
There are forty four attractions in that area, could you tell me what type you would like to book?
Whatever is the most popular attraction
You should check out All Saints Church. It has great architecture and free entrance. It's located on Jesus Lane cb58bs. The phone is 01223452587. Would that work for you?
Great, thank you for the info. Have a nice day!
Did you need any further assistance today, or are you all set?
I'm all set. Thanks for your assistance.
We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service.


Hi, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.
I have 17 hotels in the moderate range that offer internet access. Do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in?
I prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated.
I have 3 hotels listed that have of your requirements. Do you have any parking needs?
Yes I am looking for free parking.
carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and is moderately priced. Can I book a reservation for you?
No thanks, I am not quite ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for the information.
Alright, can I get anything else?
No, that's all I need. I'm going to give the hotel a call. Thank you for your help!
Excellent. Have a good one!


I am looking for a train arriving by [9:45] on Tuesday.
May I get your departure and destination information please?
I am going from Cambridge to Leicester.
TR2863 departs from Cambridge at 07:21 and arrive in Leicester by 09:06. Would you like to book this train?
Maybe... how much does it cost?
It costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm sorry, we have that mixed up. I need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. Do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?
TR6954 departs from Leicester at 07:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:54. Would you like to book this train?
Can you verify the cost for train TR6954 for me?
The cost for this particular train is 37.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like assistance booking tickets for this train?
Yes I would like help with booking the train and I will also need to book a hotel.
Your booking reference is NT43PSC0 . Now, if you let me know what type of hotel you are interested in, I can help you with that as well.
Can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?
There don't seem to be any 5-star lodgings in the city. Would you like to try searching for 4 stars instead?
Yes, 4 stars would be fine.
The [acorn guest house] is a 4 star hotel located in the north side. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please. There are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row. Thank you.
What day would like to start your stay?
I'd like to start my stay on Tuesday, please.
Ok great! I was able to get you booked, your reference number is N4TJE8VR . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great stay!


Hi. Can you help me find a train?
what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Sunday, please.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by [19:30] on sunday. Could I also get the train ID as well?
There are 146 departures from Cambridge on Sunday that match your arrive by time. Where is your destination?
kings lynn and I also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range
Sure, I can help you with that. First, let's find the train. How early would you like to leave?
arriving by 19:30 on sunday. I need the train's ID please. Leaving cambridge going to kings lynn
TR3212 leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58. Will this one work for you?
I'd like something a little later in the day, please.
TR2045 leaves at 18:11 and arrives at 18:38. Would that be acceptable?
that sound just fine
Would you like me to book tickets for you?
please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.
How many seats do you need on that train?
I do not need train reservations. I need help finding a restaurant.
There are several fine restaurants. What area and what type of food would you enjoy?
South area, and food type doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people at [15:45] on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.
You are booked at [frankie and bennys] for 3 at 1545. your booking number is T01E84XG
Thank you for your help. That is all I need.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
There are over 30 places of lodging in the city. Would you prefer a certain part of town, or a particular type of lodging such as a guest house or hotel?
Just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.
What area would you like the guesthouse to be in?
Do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting Wednesday.
Would you like me to book you at the [acorn guest house]? It has free parking and it's a 4-star hotel.
Can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?
I am sorry I couldn't get that booked for you perhaps another day or a shorter day possibly?
Could you try it for one night only?
Yes booking is available for one night,would you like me to place it?
Yes please, and I'll need the reference number.
Ok I have made that reservation for you the reference number is OXWO0RWD .
I am also looking for an expensive [mediterranean] restaurant in the west.
I'm sorry there are no matches for what you are looking for. Would you like something else?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves [Indian] food?
There are 5 Expensive Indian restaurants in the west. I recommend Cocum. Would you like me to make a reservation?
[Cocum] sound fine, but I just need the postcode, please. No reservation.
Of course. The postcode for the Cocum is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye!
Enjoy your meal!


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on tuesday?
Where are you departing from and what is your departure time?
I'll be departing Bishops Stortford. My departure time is flexible, but I need to arrive by [16:30].
The Bishops Stortford to Cambridge at 15:29 is scheduled to arrive at 16:07. The one before that is two hours earlier.
Could you give me the price and train ID for that one please?
TR1392. 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for places to go in town centre. I'm interested in entertainment. Can you suggest a place to go?
There are many attractions do you want a church,or park or water slide ?
I was looking for entertainment, but if there is nothing how about a college?
I think i can get for you anything else


I need a train for this Friday that leaves anytime after [2:15 that afternoon].
There are a total of 204 trains leaving after 2:15 in the afternoon on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Stevenage please and depart from Cambridge.
There are 5 such trains. Do you want to set an arrival time?
I don't care about when it arrives.
Train TR0217 leaves at 5:21 in the afternoon, would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.
There are 33 options. What food type do you prefer?
I don't care about the food type.
How does bedouin sound, they serve african food.
That sounds great. What is their price range?
The [bedouin] is expensive.
Let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at [10:30] on Friday, and I will need that reference number, please.
I have booked your table at the bedouin. Your reference number is 52CPSY3C and we hope you have a great day!


Can you give me some information on the [Avalon] Hotel?
I'd be happy to. The Avalon is a guesthouse located on the north side. It's moderately priced, has 4-stars and offers free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Not at the moment, can I have their phone number?
Certainly, the phone number is 01223353071. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that covers it. Thanks!
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!


Looking for a restaurant on the South part of town?
What type of food would you like?
I do not have a preference.
Do you have any preference on the cost?
I would like something in the cheap price range, please.
There is a very popular Chinese restaurant in the south part of town called [The Lucky Star], it is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number please?
Their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a [French] restaurant.
There is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town. Which one would you prefer?
North Part of Town
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant located in the north part of town, but it is pricey. Would you like more information?
Yes, what is the address of [Restaurant Two Two]?
The address is 22 Chesterton Road.
Thank you, good bye.
Good bye.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Certainly. Some choices that fit your criteria are Bedouin, Kymmoy, and Fitzbillies Restaurant.
What are the different food types of these restaurants?
In the same order: African, Asian Oriental, British. Do any of these fancy you?
Not actually. I won't be needing anything else at this time. thank you. Good bye.
You don't need any other information?
That's all I need from you today. Thanks.
Alright. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Thank you for your help
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi! I'm looking for an attraction named [Kambar].
It is a nightclub in centre at 1 wheeler street. Phone is 01223842725. Do you need any more information?
thanks i want to get its entry fee and address
The address was just given to you and the phone is 01223842725.
Is there a entrance fee?
Yes, there is a 5 pound entrance fee for the club.
I am also interested in a place to stay, that includes free parking.
Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I would like an expensive 3-star hotel.
Gonville hotel is in the centre, the lensfield is in the south, any preferences?
What do you recommend?
in my opinion, the lensfield is much more updated than the gonville. do you need me to book a room?
Just to confirm, does the [Lensfield] have free parking? If so I'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.
The Lensfield Hotel does have free parking. I can assist you with that reservation.
Yes, can you please book a room with the details I already provided.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is CAFW873C .
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help with this.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thank you for all your help.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I'm looking for a cheap [portuguese] restaurant
[Nandos] in the South and Nandos City Centre in Centre meet that criteria. Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes, could I get the location and the phone number please.
Do you want the information on Nandos in the south or the Nandos City Centre?
I prefer the Nandos in the City Center. Also, I need information about museums or art galleries in the west.
Nandos' number is 01223327908. There are several museums in the west. I've heard that Cafe Jello Gallery has some lovely pieces. Or would you like to hear about the others?
Yes, I am looking to kill some time in town. Are there any museums on the west side?
Yes, Cafe Jello Gallery fits that bill. Admission is free and it is located at Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street. There are others in the area as well.
Thank you. What is the post code for [Cafe Jello Gallery]?
Their postcode is cb30af.
Great I also need to get a taxi between the two places.
Okay. Which site will you need to be picked up from, and what is your timeframe?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [04:00].
I have booked the taxi for you picking you up at 04:00 at nandos going to the cafe jello gallery. Look out for a grey toyota.
Can I get a contact number at least?
The contact number is 07107662669.
Thank you, that should be all for today.
Thank you for using the service, have a good day.


I'm looking for some cheap [Chinese] food. Got any restaurants that fit the bill?
Yes there are four. What area would you like to dine in, the centre or south?
I would like the centre.
There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre. charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation at the [Rice House] for one person at [11:00] on Sunday please.
I made a booking for you on that day. Your reference number is O2T3BYQU . What else can I do for you?
I am looking for any multiple sport attractions near the restaurant to visit.
We don't have any sports attractions in the centre.
Are there any museums in that area?
Yes, quite a few! There's the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to hear about some of the others?
Please provide the entrance fees.
The entrance fees vary. I can show you something with no entrance fee if you'd like?
I would like you to pick a nice on and give me more info on it please.
castle galleries has free entry. Their phone number is 01223307402, postcode cb23bj, and address unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Yes that one sounds nice. Can you tell me when they open and close also?
I'm sorry their hours aren't listed, you can call them at 01223307402 for that information. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that's everything for me today! Thank you!
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I'm looking for an [indonesian] restaurant that's moderate in price.
There are no Indonesian restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to search for something else?
Are you sure? I thought there was one located in the centre of town.
Unfortunately I do not see any indonesian restaurants. Maybe you would like asain instead?
[Asian oriental] food sounds good. What options do you have available?
I have a few, what price range do you prefer?
I'm not really worried about price. Which do you suggest that is located in the centre?
Th Kymmoy is expensive but very nice.
I think I would like to be in the moderate price range please.
The yippee noddle bar is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Actually, can you give me the phone number for [Yippee Noodle Bar] instead?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by [16:15] and should leave on Friday.
I'm sure we can find your perfect train for you. What are your departure and arrival locations?
I want to go to norwich from cambridge.
The first train from Cambridge to Norwich leaves at 05:36, and there are trains every hour thereafter. The duration of the trip is 79 minutes. Which departure time works best for you?
Can you suggest one? I would like to arrive in Norwich about 4:15 PM.
I would recommend TR8314, which will get you there at 15:55. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, one ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
When does the TR8314 leave?
It will leave at 14:36
Great! Thanks for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm in the mood for some [modern eclectic] food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find any of those.
How about [Indian], instead?
There are four cheap Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What area of town were you interested in?
I want one on the west side of town. If there's not one there then the centre of town will be fine.
we don't have any on the westside, but three in the city centre. Might I suggest the [Kohinoor]?
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for [12:00] on Saturday? Just me.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VSJ2W6N3 . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like it to be in?
The area doesn't matter.
Well do you have a price preference?
I would prefer a guesthouse and free wifi and parking.
Do you have a price range or star rating in mind?
I don't care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Your booking number is GC8V34OD for the [Acorn guest house] at 154 chesterton road for 1 person on Saturday for 2 days is set.
Thank you, that is all that I need.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!


Yes, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I am there. Can you help me find a place to dine?
What type of cuisine do you enjoy?
I enjoy [Chinese] food.
You have many choices for chinese in cambridge, any preference on price or area?
I would like that to be in a expensive price range and should be in the centre.
I have three places fitting that. Shall I book one?
Yes. Wednesday. 6 people at [15:30].
Booking was successful at [HK Fusion]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1ZF8E0IV . Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a particular attraction. It's called [Scudamores Punting Co]. Could you give me their information?
Scudamores is a fun boat attraction in the center of town. They're located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, cb21rs. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. Can I also have their phone number.
Sure. You can phone at 01223359750. What else can I help with?
That will be all, thank you.
I am glad I could help you, Thank you.


I'm looking for an inexpensive [African] restaurant.
Sorry, no matches matched your search. Do you want a different price range?
No thank you. Is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve [Asian oriental] food?
Yes, [Dojo Noodle Bar] and [J Restaurant] in the city centre both have what you're looking for. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
That sounds great. Would you book either of those for me for Wednesday at [20:00] for 6 people?
I was able to book at [J restaurant] for you. Your reference number is 3KVIT5AR . They will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Nope that sounds great, thank you
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!


I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.
Can I get your destination please?
Stansted Airport please.
What time would you like to leave?
Leave after [14:45]. I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LZY6ET2M . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.
What part of town would you like ?
I am specifically looking for a restaurant called [fitzbillies restaurant]. I am wanting to book a table for [10:15] for 7 people on Sunday.
Alright I booked that, and your reference is PMCEY5JA . Anything else I can do?
Thanks so much for your help, I think that will be all I need today.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for the [Limehouse] hotel.
The Limehouse guesthouse is located in the north at 78-80 Milton Road
I'd like to make a reservation for Thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please.
I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.
I am sorry there are no others in that price range or in that area,could I search another area for one?
Are you sure there's nothing available? I really need something in the same price range as Limehouse.
I show [acorn guest house] which is in the same area and price range. Would you like me to check availability there?
Yes please check it for me.
I have good news. I was able to book you into the Acorn guesthouse and your reference number is DT4ENVMJ .
Oh good. Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. that's all. Thanks again!
Thank you for using our service.


I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?
Sure, what type of place interests you?
It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.
Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.
OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.
I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.
I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.
i found 19.what time would you like to go
I need to leave after [20:00].
I have 4 trains that match your criteria. The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11. Which one would you like to book?
Please book the one for 21:11 please.
Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP . Anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
Have a great day.


where is the Addenbrookes Hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is in Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is their any particular department you are looking for?
No but I would like the phone number and postcode please.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else?
What is their address?
It's on Hills Rd in Cambridge.
Ok, I'll call an Uber.
Good luck and stay safe!


i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [restaurant two two].
Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book a table for 8 people at [11:00] on thursday?
Yes, your ref. # is E7D8F4SM . Can I help you with anything more?
No thank you! That is all!
Have a great day!


Hi, I'm going to be visiting soon, and I am interested in trying a restaruant called [Curry Prince]. Could you give me more information about it?
Yes it's an Indian restaurant in the east at the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
No but I would like to make a booking for 5 people at [18:30] on sunday.
No problem! I got that booked for your party of five. The reference number is JVGYC33Y . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train. It should should depart from London Kings Cross and should be on the same day.
I have several trains available. What is your destination and preferred time of departure and arrival?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by [15:00],can you book it for me ?
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I just need to make sure I get there by 15:00. I will need the train ID and departure time please.
There is a train leaving at 13:17. Would you like me to book the train for you?
I just need the train's departure time and ID.
Okay, the TR1688 leaves at 13:17.
OKay perfect do you think you could book that for me please?
Ok I will book it for you


i need somewhere to go.
There are so many great things to do in Cambridge. Let's narrow your search. Would you like to go to a restaurant, hotel, or attraction?
I am looking for a nice museum
I found some great museums. Can you specify on the types of museum you are looking for?
You may suggest one to me.
The cambridge and county folk museum is in the west part of town etrance fee is 3.50 pounds
Are there any free attractions in the area?
Cafe jello gallery is in the west and has free admission. Is that better for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number for it?
The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I also need a hotel in the south.
How about the bridge guest house located in the south area of town?
how many stars does it have?
It is rated 3 stars. Does that work for you?
I need something with 4 stars.
In that case I will suggest [Aylesbray lodge guest house].
Yes, that will be fine. I will need a reservation starting on Wednesday.
How many days did you want the booking for? And for how many people?
I almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi. Does that hotel meet that criteria?
Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
Yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on Wednesday and I will need the reference number after booking is complete.
Okay, you're all set! The reference number is EK9KZ64S . Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?


I need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?
I have about 10 different options. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter. I need free parking and prefer a place with 4 stars.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre of town, has 4 stars, is cheap, and has free parking and internet. Would this work for you?
Yes, this will work for me. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.
Absolutely. The Address is: 56 saint barnabas road cb12de and I can give you the reference number after we book it.
What type of hotel is this?
It is a guesthouse.
And what type of hotel is that?
A guesthouse is a type of hotel, thus it is a guesthouse type.
I'd like some information on a train next.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Kings Lynn, and traveling to Cambridge.
There are many trains to your destination what time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by [16:45] and should leave on wednesday.
The TR2452 arrives in Cambridge leaves at 15:11 and arrives at 15.58. Would you like to book it?
No, thanks! How long is the travel time?
The travel time is 47 minutes and is 9.80 pounds. Can I give you more information about this train or book you a seat?
No thank you. That is all I need today.
Thank you and have a great trip.


I am looking for a place to visit in town that is architecture.
What kind of architecture are you looking for? Churches or schools?
I'd like churches, and any really old buildings. If you could give me the addresses of a few of those that would be great.
All saints church is on jesus lane with free entrance, great saint mary's church is located at market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
What is the post code for that place and the area of town it is in?
The postcode for All Saints Church is cb58bs and it is located in the city center.
Great. I also need a [gastropub] restaurant in the east that is expensive.
I have the [royal standard]. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please. For 3 people at [12:45] on Friday.
You are set, the reference number is 8XDU4HAN, can I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.
Thank you for using the help desk, enjoy your day.


Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the [alexander bed and breakfast]
it is a cheap guest house located in the centre. you want their phone number?
I would like the address please.
They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Do you need help with anything else today?
Could you provide me with the star rating of the Alexander bed and breakfast?
They are 4 stars. Does that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect! Can you also find a restaurant in the centre? I'm looking for [Mediterranean], but not too expensive.
The [Gardenia] is your best bet. It's cheap, but fantastic. Would you like to book a table?
I need the phone number, address, and postcode
The phone number is 01223356354.
I need the address and postcode. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00. I need the contact number and car type please.
[The gardenia] is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their post code is cb23ll. I can help you with the taxi. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing the hotel by [19:00].
I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a yellow Skoda. Should you need to reach them, please call 07153240944.
Great, thanks for your help!
Thank you anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.
I glad we could assist you today. Feel free to contact us anytime, and have a pleasant trip.


I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.
Please let me know what time you would like to arrive or when you would like to depart.
I need to leave after [11:15] on Sunday.
Train TR0686 will work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet. What time will that arrive in Birmingham?
Train TR0686 will arrive at Birmingham New Street at 14:44.
Okay what is the price per ticket?
The price per ticket is 60.08 pounds, how many travelers will be requiring tickets?
No tickets yet. But I do need info on a swimming pool in the north. I you could recommend one?
Okay I have two to choose from. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. I'll also need the entrance fee, post code and address.
which one would you like [jesus green] outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool?
The outdoor pool please.
jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river, cb43px. Phone number is 01223302579. I'm afraid I don't have an entrance fee listed though.
That's okay. That will be it. Thanks for all your help!
thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that is all the help I need for today. Thanks again!
You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance.


Hello. I need help finding a train on Friday.
I can help you with that! So that I can serve you better, can you tell me your departure and arrival locations?
I'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on Friday. I'm working, so I have to wait until [after 11:45] to leave.
I show train TR4748 departing friday from cambridge at 13:17. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also give me the price?
The price for that train is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
Wonderful! Thank you
Can you help me find a good hotel? I need one in the south.
I have found 1 hotel and 3 guesthouses in the South area that is available for you. Would you like for me to book one for you?
I need one with free wifi and parking, please.
Okay, I found three guesthouses and one hotel. Would you prefer a certain type?
The hotel please, thanks.
The [Lensfield hotel] is exactly what you are looking for. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thanks!
What day would you like to book the hotel and how long will your stay be?
On second thought I just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. Thanks so much for your help!
There is only one hotel in that area but it is expensive, shall I book it for you?


Can you tell me more about the attraction called [cambridge museum of technology]?
Yes, I have pulled up information on this. What would you like to know?
What part of town is it in? Do you have the postcode?
It is in the east and the postcode is cb58Id.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool street
On what day will you be travelling?
I leave on Monday.
I'd be happy to help with your request, do you have a time in mind for departure or arrival?
I would like to leave after [14:00] on monday.
The TR3602 leaves at 15:59 and arrives at 17:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the information for right now. Thanks for all your assistance!
You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a great day!
Great, glad I could help!


I would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while I am here in Cambridge.
Is there a food type you have a preference for? Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Indian are just some of the choices.
No, I don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. I will need a reservation for 1 person at [14:45] on Monday.
Okay, I've got the [dojo noddle bar] in the centre of town that serves cheap food. How will that be?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. I also need the reference number.
I have booked the restaurant for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is Y3MGYYH6 .
I also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.
There a 5 places in the centre. Do you have a preferred price range?
No price range. I do need it to have free wifi and parking though. Can you tell me what star that hotel would be?
How about [el shaddai]? It has free parking and wifi and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good. What is it's star rating, please?
The star rating is 0. Would you still like me to book this hotel for you?
I don't need a booking, but I need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.
Taxi booking completed! Your car is a Grey Audi, their contact number is 07263703306.
Great thank you very much
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive by the booked time?
Yes, your taxi will arrive by the booked time of 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Just the telephone number of the taxi please.
The contact number is 07263703306. Can I provide any further assistance today?
Thanks I have everything I need. Goodbye!
Great. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre


Hi, I'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the centre.
I'm sorry. At the moment there are no entertainment attractions available in the centre.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Sure, I can help with that. Are you sure I can't help you find another attraction that you may like? There are so many great things to see.
You convinced me. How about a college?
Yes, there several colleges available. Most have free entry. Do you have one in mind?
No. Just give me your best recommendation.
I recommend emmanuel college they are free to visit and located on saint andrew's street. Do you still want me to find a restaurant?
Not at this time but could you help me with a moderate priced hotel
We have 18 choice sany other preferences, any at all? please dont make me pick between 18 places, I want to make sure we find a good fit for you.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.
Please show me a moderately priced hotel nearby, and please make sure it includes free wifi and parking.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.
I RECOMMEND [acorn guest house]
That sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Ok, I've made the booking for you. Your reference number is : UZ1KFAAI .
that is all i needed for now. have a great day
Thanks! You have a great day as well! Bye!


Can you help me find a train leaving on Wednesday?
Sure, which stations will you be using?
I want to leave from Cambridge and arrive at London Liverpool Street.
TR5285 leaves at 13:59 amd costs 16.60 pounds. how many seats do i book?
I just need the travel time on that one
The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges in the centre.
I'd suggest [christ's college]. Would you like more information?
Yes. Is there an entrance fee?
No. It is free.
Can I have the address and postcode? Thanks for your help!
Yes the postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street.
You have been very helpful. That is all I need, thanks. Bye.
Your welcome. I am glad I could help.


I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
The [Golden House] is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre. The phone number is 01842753771.
Thank you. Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is? I'm looking for somewhere cheap.
The Golden House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a table?
What is the food type?
They serve chinese food there.
No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place.
What area would you like to stay in?
meh, i don't really care about the area.
There are two guesthouses in the centre area. [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?
Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book [El Shaddai] for me.
You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720 . Can I assist you with anything further?
Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by [18:45].
sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?
That will be all today, thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Yes, I am looking for information on train schedules for my upcoming trip.
What is your travel destination so I can narrow it down to a useful schedule?
I'm trying to go to cambridge.
Where will you be departing from? Also, what day will you be traveling?
I'll be departing from the stansted airport on monday.
And what time were you looking to depart?
Doesn't matter, as long as I arrived by [12:45].
I've found TR5754 leaving stansted airport at 11:24 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52. The price is 10.10 pounds, can I book this for you?
No. I do need to find a swimming pool in the west.
how about parkside pools? they're pretty fun.
Is [parkside pools] on the west side?
No, it's located in the centre.
That won't work then. I need one in the west.
There are no pools in the west, can I run another search for you?
How about a museum?
There are a few available. I highly suggest Cambridge Artworks located on 5 Greens Road. Do you need any information?
Thanks for the information, that is all.
Can I look up any attractions, taxi or anything else for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our services. Have a good day.


I need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.
Yes I have a few in the east that have internet,would you like me to get the information on a few for you?
yes, I would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you
I have a few different options available, did you preference a moderate or cheap priced hotel?
I don't have a preference on price. It also doesn't need to have free parking.
I found one option with your preferences, the [A and B Guest House]. It has a moderate price range and 4 stars.
That sounds lovely. I also am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?
Absolutely, you have five choices. Would you prefer a place in the south, centre, west, or east side of Cambridge?
I'd like a place in the east, please.
That would be [p[izza Hut Fen Ditton]], what time would you like to go?
I'd like a reservation for 6 people at [14:45] on saturday.
I am very sorry I was unable to get a reservation at that time, would you like to try for another time slot?
Yes, let's try a little earlier at [13:45], and I will need a reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y0GBAGST .
Great, I also need a taxi to commute between two places.
I can help you book a taxi, can you tell me a little more detail about your taxi request?
Sure, I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course I want to get there for that [13:45] reservation.
I have booked a red Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07121756826.
Thank you for all of the helpful information!
Would you like anything else?
Can you get me the contact number for the car?
Yes. The contact number is 07121756826. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and you have a nice day.


I'm looking for a hotel in Cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.
I can offer you 5 options, ranging from 2-4 stars, all with free internet and free parking. Where in the city would you like to be?
I would like to be in the north part of the city please.
I'm sorry, I have no expensive accommodations with your requirements in the northern part of the city. Will any other area do?
Do you have anything in the south?
Yes, The [Lensfield Hotel] is in the south at 53-57 Lensfield Road cb21en, phone 01223355017. If you'd like to book there, let me know what day, and I'll set it up.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Lensfield is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Sounds great. Could I have the address?
It is located at 53-57 lensfield road
Thank you. I am also looking for a train departing on Saturday from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.
Okay, there are several trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
I would like to arrive by [10:30].
I have one that gets there at 10:07. Will this work for you?
That would be perfect. Please reserve 8 seats for me.
The booking for 8 tickets was successful. Your reference number is 4MKJKVTR . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll do it. Thanks!
Glad I could help. Goodbye!


I'd like to find a restaurant that offers [Asian Oriental] cuisine, in the centre, if possible.
Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced.
I would like [Yippee].
I'd be happy to make a reservation for you. What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?
Monday, [19:00], for 6 people.
I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG
Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.
Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?
The west please.
There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?
The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant.
I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
The price does not matter. Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
OK, you are booked in [Cityroomz] as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?
no and thank you for your help
Ok, have a great day!


I am looking for a Thursday departure for a train going to Cambridge.
To help you better with your travel plans, where are you planning on departing from?
I am looking to depart from Birmingham new street after [12:45]
There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge at 13.40.
Great can I get the train ID, price, and arrival time for that one?
Sure! The Train ID is TR7509. The price is 75.10 poinds. It arrives by 16.23. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't need train booking. I do need to find a cheap [Spanish] restaurant, though.
[La Raza] is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the center of town. Do you need their address or perhaps I could make a reservation for you?
That's all I needed, thank you!
What day and time would like for me to book?
I'd like to book a table for 3 at [18:15] on Thursday. And if possible, I'd like a reference number.
I have booked that for you with the reference number D3QVNLWT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.
Your welcome. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.


Is there a cheap restaurant serving [belgian] food?
What area are you interested in?
I do not care what area it is in.
There are no cheap Belgian restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
How about a cheap restaurant serving [Italian] food?
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town, is there anything else i can help you with?


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with [neurology] department
The number for the neurology department is 01223274680. Do you need the address?
Yes and the postcode
The postcode is CB20QQ.
I need the address also please.
It is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
All right. Thanks.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thank You
Thank you for using our service, have a great day.


Can you find me a moderately priced [chinese] restaurant please
Certainly! There are 4; 3 in city centre, and 1 in the north. Do either of these areas look good?
Yes, the one in the north does.
I have the [golden wok] phone 01223350688 postcode cb43hl. It is located in the north and a moderate price. Should I book this for you?
Yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at [12:15] on Saturday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YI8BKDR2 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes there is 1 park in the same area. It is [Milton] County Park. WOuld you like more information?
Yes could I please get the phone number.
Phone is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.
Okay, I've got you booked with a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the taxi company's contact phone number?
Their number is 07607417770, is there anything else I can do?
That is everything, thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I would like a restaurant in any area that serves [scandinavian] food
There are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food. Are there any other restaurants you would like to try?
How about [french]?
[Restaurant Two Two] serves French food. Would you like the location information?
If you could give me the phone number, that would be great.
The phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that does it. Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve [Indian] food.
We have 4 moderately priced Indian restaurants - 2 in the east, 1 in the north, and one in the west. Which area are you interested in?
I'd like to look at the one in the west, please.
That place goes by the name of [meghna], the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, they can be reached at 01223727410, would you like me too book you?
Can I please have their postcode?
Their postcode is cb43lf. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I don't need a reservation yet. I am also looking to find a great place to do some boating.
I have several options to choose from. Is there a particular area you want to go boating?
No, where would you suggest?
How about [Camboats] in the East? Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton.
That sounds good. Can I get the postcode please?
The postcode is cb43lf, anything else?
No, that's it for now.
It was a pleasure serving you today. Have a wonderful stay!


Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?
[Milton Country Park] is in the north and has free admission.
Can I get the phone number please?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after [17:30].
What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday.
Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?
Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30
How many people would you like to book?
I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.
I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?
That would work. Can you book that please?
You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ .
Perfect! That is all I needed. Thank you for the help. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'd like a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday, please.
Of course. What's your destination? Also when do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I am going to cambridge & leaving after [11:15].
I have an 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'd like the train ID, price, and arrival time please.
The Train ID is TR4161, price is 16.60 and arrival time is 13:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, when is the arrival time on that? And how much for 1 ticket?
I have booked you a seat on the train leaving at 11:39 and arriving in Cambridge by 13:07. Total cost is 16.6 GBP. The reference # is Q0IMH7R0 .
Thanks. Could you also look up information for [Jesus College]?
They are a college located in the centre area, at jesus lane. Their entrance fee is free.
That's all I needed.
Great, glad I could help!


What train should I take to get to Cambridge by [14:45]?
Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and what day you want to travel?
Depart from london liverpool street and should leave on monday.
Any arrival time in mind?
Yes, 14:45. Could you give me a departure time that meets my criteria?
Yes, TR7040 leaves at 11:39 and arrives by 13:07. Would that work for you?
I don't know yet. Do you know how much it will cost?
Tickets are 16.60 pounds
Okay. I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any restaurants in the centre that serve [asian oriental] food?
There are several choices. Do you have a specific price range?
Nah. Can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at [20:45] on Monday, please.
I was not able to book a table at 20:45. Would you like to try another time?
How about [19:45] and give me a reference number
One moment while I try to make the reservation for 19:45.
I would like the reference number if it s successful please.
The reference number is 2DNK6C4B .
Thank you very much for the help. Good bye!
Thank you. Goodbye.


Good morning, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I arrive in Cambridge next week.
Wonderful. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
I would like to try some [modern American] food.
I'm sorry there appear to be no modern American restaurants in the area. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, can you check [Chinese] for me please?
There are 17 Chinese places that you may like, do you have further criteria to narrow it down?
what's the most expensive one?
I have nine in the expensive range. Is there an area you prefer?
No. I would like you to pick the best one you know of.
In that case, I would recommend the [Sesame Restaurant and Bar]. Would you like to know more about it?
No, that's okay. Can I book a table for 2 on friday at [15:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LZ2KI6G5 .
Thank you. I also need train information. We are planning to leave on Saturday at some time after [11:45].
Would the TR4003 train departing at 13:00 and arriving in london by 13:51 work for you?
Yes. That works.
How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets please.
the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station, reference number TKP9K1U4 .
Thank you for your help.
Do you need anything else?
that is it for today thank you for asking
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?
Sure, most places offer that these days. Do you have an area of town you would like to stay in?
We need the hotel to be in the north.
Okay and what is your price range?
Price range doesn't matter to me. I'd like it to have a one star.
I'm so sorry, but we don't have a one star in that area. Would you like for me to check a different area?
How about a 4 star rating?
The [acorn guest house] is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
sure, i need it for 3 nights starting wednesday.
Before I book how many people will be staying with you?
Please book the hotel for 5 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : YYXR9VMX
Thanks. I also need a restaurant in the same area.
There are several restaurants, what type of food and price range?
[Indian] food would be great.
Okay, what is your price range? We have one in the moderate and one in the cheap range.
Can you please make a reservation at the moderately priced one?
The [Nirala] serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is located in the north. How many in your party? What time would you like the table reserved?
Ok great, can you book a table for 5 at [14:00] on Wednesday.
I will book that for you now.
Thanks, I will need the reference number.
Your reference number is QV1Z4XH7 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for helping me with both bookings so quickly. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your travel.


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
There are many options. What's your price range and what type of food do you want?
I would like somewhere expensive that serves [chinese] food
How about [HK Fusion], located at 21 Burleigh street?
Yes book it for Friday. 5 people at [13:00].
I have your reservation at HK Fusion for 5 people on Friday at 13:00, your reference number is XAMSDTRY . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train the same day!
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down where will you be departing/arriving and what time?
It should go to Cambridge and should arrive by [09:00]
There is a train that leaves at 5:17.
Thats okay can you book that?
Could you please confirm where you are departing from first? There are many trains and i want to make sure i book you the right one.
I need to depart from London liverpool street on friday. Ineed to arrive in Cambridge by 9:00
TR8522 arrives at 07:07.
Okay, let's book it for five people.
The booking was successful. The total fee of 83 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is L4G0ZWC2 .
Ok, Thankk you. Bye now.
welcome and thanks for using our services


I'd like a train from Leicester to Cambridge, please!
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by [14:15]
Train TR5054 leaves Leicester and arrives in Cambridge at 13:54. Would you like to book this train?
Sounds great. Can you please book it for 2 people?
Of course. Your total will be 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PCJMQZXO . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all.
All right, have a great trip!


Where is the Parkside Police Station?
It's address is Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG
Thank you, what is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223358966.


Would you be able to suggest a [steakhouse] restaurant in Cambridge?
There are currently zero Steakhouses listed for this area. Would you like for me to look elsewhere?
Is there any [European] moderate restaurants?
There are 5 moderately priced European restaurants. Would you like to specify a preferred area?
No preference in area. Would you be able to recommend one?
Do you have an area preference? If not, I could recommend [Restaurant Alimentum]. It is moderately priced, popular and in the south.
That's fine. Book me a table for 2 on thursday at [16:30], if that doesn't work try [15:30]. I need a reference number.
I was able to book a table for two at [15:30], your reference number is 8ZM15RZ8 . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?
There are 5 nightclubs located in the centre. I recommend the Ballare, which has a 5 pound entrance fee.
Awesome... what is the postcode for the [Ballare]?
The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. How else may I assist you today?
that is all thanks
You're welcome! If you need anything else, feel free to ask.


Hello, I am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.
I can help you with that. Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, I would like to eat [Chinese] food.
Oh I have some great options for you. I have a total of 4 restaurants, how about trying th [Ugly Duckling]?
Yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at [14:15] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 076ZN8YF
I need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.
I found 33 hotels that match that criteria. Is there a particular side of town you prefer so I can make a recommendation?
It doesn't matter. I would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] is a 4 star hotel
That sounds great! Does it have free parking and free wifi?
Yes it has both, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need rooms for 8 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TBICSA49 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by [14:15]. Please provide the car type and contact number
I will be happy to book that for you. Where is your destination?
I need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.
I need to know where you are going?
TO THE RESTAURANT! JUST BOOK IT< YOU HAVE ALL OF MY INFO! thank you
Your taxi booking has been completed! The car type is a red Audi, Contact number 07964587638. Can I assist with anything else?
No, that is it for now. Thank you so much.
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


I need a hotel in the west part of cambridge. I don't care if it has internet.
We have 4 matches, do you have a price range in mind?
Yes expensive please. Just book me a room and send me the reference number.
There is the Huntingdon Marriott hotel would you like me to book it for you?
No. Actually sorry. It should be a cheap hotel in the west.
That is no problem, the [cambridge belfry] is a better price and should meet your needs, would you like more information?
Do they have free parking?
Yes, the bell fry has free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, just the phone number and address. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.
The phone number is 01954714600, address 01954714600. What type of attraction would you like to go to?
I have no preference, just something in the same area as the hotel.
i suggest the [queens' college]. can i give you the address?
Yes please thank you
The address for Queens' College is Silver Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need the postcode as well.
Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope. That was all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre to assist you. Have a good day!


Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?
There are many options that are 4 star. Is there a particular area or price point you would like to stay in?
No particular area but free parking would be nice
[Acorn Guest House] located in the North is a 4 star location with free parking and wifi, would that suit your needs?
Yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is: DKI36RGY . Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Actually, yes. I wanted to visit a college whilst I'm in town. Could you recommend one for me?
We have a large number of colleges, could you tell me the area you would like to visit one in?
I really do not have a preference on the area. Which one would you recommend?
[christ's college] is free and located in the centre. Would you like anything else today?
Can you give me the phone number for it?
The phone number is 01223334900
I will also need a taxi between them. I need to leave the hotel by [24:45].
A red volkswagen is booked. 07772378395 is the number. Do you need more help?
That is all I need, thanks.
Okay, I'm glad to have assisted you today!


I need a place to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?
I can help you with that. [Acorn Guesthouse] is a moderately priced offering with 4-stars. Is this something you would be interested in?
Yes, that is perfect thank you.
Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.
Here is the acorn guest house phone number in case you would like to contact them. Their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No. That is all for now.
Okay, have a great day!
Thank you, have a great day, as well.
Okay great, farewell!


I need a train that leaves after [11:00] and goes to Cambridge
What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday from Norwich.
The earliest train leaves at 11:16 and every hour thereafter. A ticket costs 14.08 pounds. Can I help you book?
Please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can I please have the reference number?
Alright, I have 5 tickets booked. your reference number is UDGBVRLM .
I also need to book accommodations. Something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.
There are two hotels that meet your criteria; the Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to book a room with one of these?
I need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.
Both the Gonville and the Lensfield have free parking and internet. The Gonville is central, whereas the Lensfield is in the south.
I think I would like the [Gonville] in the central area.
Okay, I will book for you then. How many days and people, and would you like it to start the same day?
Yes, I'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. There will be 5 people.
I am afraid they have no bookings available. Would you like a shorter stay or different day.
Yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.
The booking was successful. The reference number is FWFEVQI8 .
Thank you - that's all I need today. Have a great day!
My pleasure. Have a great day!


I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge
I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?
Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.
The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel?
Is it in the moderate price range?
No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?
I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.
I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?
No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.
I was able to book you at the [Ashley Hotel] on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving [British] food that is moderately priced.
I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west.
No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.
I like the [copper kettle], it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the [Ashley Hotel] and the restaurant leaving by [17:30].
I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving [modern european] food.
Which specific area are you interested in?
I'm looking for someplace in the center of town.
There are two restaurants fitting your needs, de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do either of these sound good to you?
Well I would like modern European food and the prices to be moderate. Do either of these restaurants match those criteria?
De Luca Cucina and Bar and Riverside Brasserie both serve Modern European both are moderate price range. Which would you like?
I would like the address and phone number to [De Luca Cucina and Bar]. Also looking for places to visit in the same area.
Ok De Luca Cucina and Bar's address is 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666. For places to visit, did you want it to be in the same area as the restaurant?
I would like it to be in the same area yes.
We have 44 different attractions in the Centre of Cambridge. Can we narrow it down by type, such as nightclub, college, or architecture?
You can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.
i will recommend old schools. can i give you the contact?
Please, and the entrance fee as well.
[O[ld Schools]] is an architectural attraction in the centre and they're located at Trinity Lane, post code cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320 and their entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I will need a taxi to commute as well.
Okay! From where to where?
leave the attraction by [19:15]
I will need your destination in order to book your taxi. Where will you be going to?
I'm going to [De Luca Cucina and Bar]
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Skoda and their number is 07417597473.
Have a nice day.
Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
The [Curry Prince] is in the moderate price range, and it is on the east part of town.
Can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant?
Yes, the Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it, thank you very much.
Thank you. Good bye


Hello, I'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.
there are several architecture places you could go, all saints church,great saint mary's church,holy trinity church, and old schools, which one could you prefer?
[Old Schools] sounds cool - can I have their phone number?
You can contact Old Schools at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm looking for the [gonville hotel].
Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range in the centre would you like me to book it
No can I just get the hotel type and phone number please?
It is a normal hotel and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks. Can I also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the [old school]. I want to leave the hotel by [21:00].
The taxi has been reserved. Your taxi would be a black honda and you can contact it at 07973129543.
Thank you so much that's all i need.
Have a good trip at Cambridge. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I don't care about internet.
Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in?
The west, please.
I can offer you the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, or the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap.
I'd like the [Cambridge Belfry] please.
Great! Do you need information on the Cambridge Belfry, or would you like to book a room?
I would like a room starting on Sunday for 4 nights. There will be 6 of staying.
You are all set. The reference number is 12OOOWTR . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you've been great. Thank you. Goodbye.
Your are welcome. I trust you will enjoy your visit.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Bye, have a good day


Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?
Absolutely! My favorite place in the center of town is [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens]. It's beautiful there!
That sounds great, thank you very much! What type of attraction is that?
it is a park. can i give you their phone numbers?
No thanks. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?
There are 21 guesthouses. Do you have a preference in price range or area of town?
No, but I definitely need free wifi.
That narrows it down to 21 options. Would you like a particular star rating?
Not really. It's fine.
Well, if you'll be visiting the centre, I recommend the [El Shaddai]. It's moderately priced with wi-fi and parking. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, I will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting Monday.
The booking was successful. 8QCQDYFQ is your reference number for that booking. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
I will need a taxi as well
Certainly, I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by [11:00].
Your taxi will be a yellow Volvo waiting at 11:00. The contact number for the taxi is 07072119452. May I help you with something else?
Great that's all the info I needed today, thanks!
I'm glad I could help you.
Me too. Have a nice day.
Enjoy your day, goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north
There are several that offer free parking in the north, do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced one, and I also need free wifi.
I have 9 different places for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel please.
[Ashley hotel] looks like a good choice.
ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel
Booking was successful reference number is I53II5MX . There are several restaurants is there any food preference?
Great. I also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for [19:00].
I'd love to help you find a place to eat. What kind of food do you like, and is there any part of town you prefer to dine in?
I don't care about the type of cusine, I'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.
There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the North. Where would you like to go?
Let's go with the [chinese] place. Can you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 19:00?
I have your table reserved at the [Golden Wok] for Thursday at 19:00. The reference number is 5ZZI5FKL . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you, that's all.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a great afternoon. Goodbye.


I am looking for information on [The Varsity restaurant].
The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine. Would you like any other information?
Could you book me a table for 2 at [20:00] on Tuesday evening?
Ok! Your table for 2 at the Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F
Thank you so much, that is all.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
There are a lot of attractions in the centre. Anything in particular?
I'd like a nightclub please.
I recommend the club salsa? Here is their phone number, 07782218745
What is their address and the entrance fee?
The address is 1 Station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all for now. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [08:45].
I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.
TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : G368B2VI. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.
What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
I would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.
Okay there are two options, the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel
I want the hotel located in the centre, as I stated before.
The Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a room or is there anything i can assist you with?
please just send me their postcode. thank you
The postcode is cb11ly.
Thank you for all your help.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


i want to book a taxi.
Sure, i can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I want to leave from [the train station].
Can you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I want to leave [london kings cross train station] after [02:00]
Okay, and what is your destination?
Oh, I'm sorry I need to get to [gallery at twelve a high street].
I'm sorry, I don't understand. What is the gallery name you want to travel too?
It's called [gallery at twelve a high street].
I have booked you a white ford. The contact number is 07064257037
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.
Got it, your booking has been completed! Look out for a blue tesla, contact number 07520411520. May I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.
Reservation reserved, let me know if you need any more assistance with anything else.


I am looking for the nearest police station
That would be the Parkside Police Station. You can reach them at phone number 01223358966.
Can I get the full mailing address for that location?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need their postcode also.
Postcode : CB11JG is their postcode
Thank you. I will call them.
You're welcome. Call us again and have a wonderful afternoon.
Thank You. Goodbye
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Please find a place called [Club Salsa].
Club Salsa Is located at 1 station road. Do you need any more information?
Wonderful. The address was exactly what I wanted. You're so efficient.
Great I am glad I could be of help.
I am also looking for a [moroccan] restaurant in the centre.
I'm sorry there are no moroccan restaurants in the centre of town.
Boo. I guess I would be able to try a [modern european] food restaurant?
I recommend [De Luca Cucina and Bar] on 83 Regent Street. It is moderately priced and in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sounds good! Please book a table for 3 on Friday at [13:00] and be sure to provide me with the reference number.
Your table has been successfully booked! Your reference number is GVN0GC4A . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places
I need some more information please. When would you like to leave and when would you like to arrive?
Can you get me from [Club Salsa] to [De Luca Cucina] by [13:00] please?
Absolutely! Your taxi has been booked. It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07118061422. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No not that I can think of you have done everything for me. Thank you so much for your help.
No problem, have a wonderful day!


Yes I am looking for information on [Michael House cafe].
The Michael House cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. For a party of 7 on Friday, at [17:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ALCPCA3P . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves [british] food.
There are several British restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?
Cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. Its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.
Have a nice day! thank you, goodbye.


Yes I am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
We have 3 hotels in the centre of town. Did you want a moderately priced one or an expensive hotel?
Price doesn't matter and I don't need internet. I do however need free parking.
In that case, I recommend the [University Arms Hotel], a 4-star place on regent street.
That sounds good, let's go with that one.
I can book that for you. How many people will be staying? How many nights do you want to stay?
I would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from Wednesday, please.
Your room is booked, ref# KHHJBQSZ . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.
We're fortunate to have a wide variety of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any specific interests today?
I think I would like it to be of the multiple sports type.
Unfortunately there are no multiple sports attractions in the center. Please consider changing the attraction type or area.
Are there any theatres near the University Arms Hotel?
There are four theatres in tat area, I recommend the [mumford theatre].
Okay, can I please have the postcode?
Of course, it's cb11pt.
Thanks! I'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and I'll need to leave the theatre by [07:30], please.
I've booked it and the car you're looking for is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07609359169. Is there anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of Cambridge.
The Lensfield hotel, which is expensive is the only hotel in South Cambridge. Will this work for you?
no, I need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of south, thank you
There are guesthouses available in the South Cambridge area moderately priced that have free wi-fi and parking. Would you like to hear more about them?
Yes i would love to hear more information about them. Thank you.
Alright the aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star guest house. Does that interest you?
Sure. May I have the address?
Sure, the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I also need a place to dine that is in the same area and price range as the hotel.
I have the Pizza Hut that is moderately priced in the South and also Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern European food. Any interest you?
Hmm, I was looking for [Fusion] type food, are there any that have that?
I'm sorry, there isn't. Can I provide you information on a different type of cuisine?
Yes, are there any good [Indian] restaurants?
There is one expensive Indian restaurant in the South: Taj Tandoori. Would you like to make a reservation?
Great can I get their phone number, address, and postcode
Absolutely! The Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17aa. The phone number to reach them is 01223412299. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. Thank you for the information! Good-bye
You're welcome. Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else. Thanks!


I am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.
Ok. There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria. What part of town would you prefer?
I WOULD PREFER A NICE PART OF TOWN.
The city centre is nice. There's [alexander bed and breakfast], a 4 star guesthouse that meets your criteria. Woiuld you like me to book a reservation.
Yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday?
Okay I will make the reservation.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
Of course. May I suggest Meghna, an Indian restaurant?
Not really wanting Indian today. Anything else?
There is also an Italian and British restaurant. Would you prefer one of these?
Could I have the address and phone number for the [British] restaurant?
[Saint johns chop house] serves british food, is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
and also postcode please
Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!


I'm looking for a hotel in the north.
We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?
I do want it to be a 4-star place.
It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north. Would you like me to check another area?
No, I like the North. Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?
There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?
I would prefer the cheap price range.
Would you like to book worth house?
What is the price of the [Worth House]?
Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.
Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW . May I help with anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?
I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price
I have many in those categories. How about trying [Saigon City]?
Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.
The phone number for [Saigon City] is 01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.
When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by [8:30].
I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?
Thank you for the booking of the taxi. That will be all foe now.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for information about a particular attraction. It's called [the Man on the Moon].
The man on the moon is on 2 norfolk street in the centre area. Would you like to order tickets?
Not right now. Can you tell me it's postcode and entrance fee?
I'm sorry, we don't have any information in our database regarding their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you help me find a hotel in the north?
Yes do you have a price range preference?
Yes I have a moderate price range.
[Ashley Hotel] is moderately priced and located in the north. Would you like to book a room?
Does it offer free parking? If so, I would like to book it for four nights starting Thursday for 3 people please.
Yes it offers free parking.
Can I have a reference number for the booking?
Ashley Hotel will be expecting your party of 3 for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is K5JO25UL . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves [Cuban] food.
I'm sorry, there are no Cuban restaurants in the city - is there another type of cuisine that you'd like to try?
What about one that has [Chinese] food?
I've found one result. It is [golden wok]. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for Thursday at [17:15] with 3 people. Send me the reference number too.
The booking was successful, here is your reference number 0Q4KUTUA . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi.
Where will you be leaving from?
I need picked up at the hotel.
What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?
I did not want to make assumptions for you, but now you are booked. A black bmw will take you. The contact number is 07551001124
Thank you, and I apologize for getting snappy with you. That is all I need for today.
You are very welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you, and I hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?
Certainly. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants. Is there any particular cuisine you would prefer?
I'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves [european] food.
How about the [Hotel Du Vin and Bistro]? Would you like to book a table for this restaurant?
Yes, that would work. Could you make it for Sunday at [16:30] for 1.
That booking was unsuccessful, I'm sorry. Is there another day or time that would work?
How about [15:30]?
They do indeed have a table at that time. Your reference number is 0WBNIZLJ .
Thank you. Is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that I could go to?
There are 11, I would recommend [broughton house gallery] because it has free admission.
Alright, that sounds good to me. Could you give me their address and phone number please?
Sure, their address is 98 King Street, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you. that is all the information I'l be needing today!
Have a wonderful time!


I'm looking for information on the [People's Portrait Exhibition at Girton College].
The people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information about it?
Yes please. You said it was free, correct?
Yes that is correct it is FREE to enter the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College.
Ok thanks I also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?
I have 6 different options. Do you have a preference for the price range?
I prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.
I have 3 options left. I have the [Allenbell], the Autumn House and the Leverton House. All offer free parking and free internet. Which would you prefer?
Pick one for me. I need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Ok, I booked you at the [allenbell]. The reference number is KLNF2GX0.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by [22:30].
I have booked you a taxi leaving the attraction at 22:30 for the allenbell. It's a red ford, and your contact number is 07249911118. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. You've been great!
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I need the address of a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food.
The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food. Their address is Corn Exchange Street in the centre area.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye


I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.
I would recommend the Worth house on Chesterton Road. Would you like the number?
Does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating. I need wifi, and I'd like a nice rating.
I have a listing for [worth house] that fits what you are looking for,can I make a booking for you?
Is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?
I have you booked for Thursday at the Worth House for 5 nights with 5 people!
Great. What is the reference number?
My mistake, booking was actually unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same general price range?
With all other parameters the same, unfortunately not. Want to try different parameters?
Any hotel, in the north, cheap. Nothing else matters.
[City centre north b and b.Reference] number is : B2H3YYF4 . Will you need anything else?
That is all. Thank You.
Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.


I need a train going into Cambridge, arriving by [17:45].
Where are you departing from and what day are you travelling on?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.
And what time would you like to leave?
I would prefer to leave at [15:00].
The TR4651 train leaves Bishops Stortford at 15:29. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Does it arrive in Cambridge by 17:45. That is the most important thing.
Yes, it does.
What is the price for the train ticket?
The price is 8.08 pounds.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to go in the centre of town. The type of attraction should be entertainment.
There are no entertainment areas in the centre, any other preferences?
Can you make a suggestion?
How about the Funky Fun House or Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east?
Are there any boat attractions?
I have the cmbridge [punter] boat located in the centre.
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number, address, and entrance fee?
Unfortunately, I don't have information on the entrance fee, but you can call them at 07807718591 to find out. The post code is cb41as
Okay thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a nice day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Cheers!


I am looking for places to go in town in the north.
There are 4 attractions in the north. Do you want to specify an attraction type?
No I don't care.
Would you prefer to go boating, swimming, or to visit a park?
Uh, let's set it up for a park visit. I'll need the address and is there an entrance fee?
The address is milton country park, milton. Entrance is free!
Thanks, that's great! I'm also looking for a train on Thursday from Kings Lynn.
That would be to cambridge correct? I have 19 for that day. Did you have a certain time you wished to leave or arrive?
Yes correct to cambridge, and I would like to arrive by [20:45].
The latest train that leaves at 19:11 and arrives at 19:58 for 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
That should work for us, I will need tickets for 7 please and the reference number.
The booking was successful. The total fee is 68.6 GBP and your reference number is 8TU1PRQV . Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thanks. You've been most helpful today. Most helpful, indeed.
Happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I'm planning a trip and need some suggestions. I'm looking for places to go in town.
I'm sure we can find you something you will really love. I have close to 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have a certain type of attraction in mind?
Can I get some information on nightclubs in the east area?
I'm sorry I don't have any nightclubs there. Would another part of town work for you?
how about one that is in the type of museum.
We have 4 fantastic museums in the East. My personal favorite is the [Gallery at Twelve a High Street], it is free to get in!
Could I have the phone number and postcode?
Of course! Their postcode is cb15dh and they can be reached at 01223295264. Can I help you find a restaurant in the area?
No but I need a hotel.
anything in particular you had in mind and when is your stay?
I need to be in the same area as the attraction
There are 7 results for places to stay in the east, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I don't care about that. I do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the east area, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
I'd recommend the [A and B Guest House]. It meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. 1 person, 3 nights from Monday on.
I will work on getting this booked and be back with you shortly.
I will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at A and B Guest House.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WBJGAOT8 .
Thank you for your help planning my trip. I think that's everything I need for now. Have a great day!
Have a great day too! Good bye.


I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. Are there any nightclubs?
There are 6 nightclubs in Cambridge. Is there a specific part of town you prefer?
I do not have a preference. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for one?
Club Salsa phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called the [Ugly Duckling].
The ugly duckling is located in the centre of town. It serves chinese food. Would you like to book a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 5 people at [19:30] on tuesday please.
tuesday at 19:30 is not available, would you like another time or another day?
Can you try to book the restaurant for [18:30] instead please? And can you provide a reference number as well.
I have booked a table for you for a party of 5 at 18:30 on Tuesday at the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you provide me with the reference number for my reservation please? Thanks.
Oh yes. Absolutely. Your reservation reference number is 7ZPRZE74 . Can I be of help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?
The [Bedouin] is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?
want to book a table for 8 people at [17:00] on wednesday and I need a reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: PLFTP5GS .
I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?
There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?
That would be perfect. What do you recommend?
Williams art and antiques is free to the public. Located in the centre and it is a museum.
Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?
You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?
No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for [Williams art and antiques]?
Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!


Hello, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday please.
I'd be happy to help. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on friday and it needs to arrive by [16:00]
Train TR2958 arrives in Cambridge at 15:52, does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. What's the price and departure time?
It will cost 10.10 pounds per ticket and leaves at 15:24.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about colleges in the east?
There aren't any colleges in the east. Can I give you information about colleges in another area?
how about one that is in the type of museum?
Sure! I recommend [Cambridge Artworks]. Would you like their information?
postcode and entrance fee only thanks !
Okay, sure. Great news, the entrance fee is free and the postal code is cb13ef. Anything else I can help you with today?
I don't think so. I am off to work but thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.
Thanks for stopping by!


I want a train going to cambridge.
You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport, please.
OK, and what day and time are you traveling?
I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by [12:15].
TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.
Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC .
Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.
I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?
Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.
I have three, is there a star range you prefer?
Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?
I would suggest [Avalon].
Great! Can I get the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.
They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?
That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!
Have a nice day!


I'm going south in town, anything interesting to go to there?
Yes, we have several popular attractions in the south part of town. Are you looking for a specific type of place? Or do you want a recommendation?
I'll take a recommendation.
I think you would like the [Tenpin]. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?
Sure, their address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in postcode cb17dy. Their phone is 08715501010.
Thank you for the information.
Is there anything else you need today?
Yes I need to find a train that will go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Wednesday and arrive by [19:00].
I have train TR5831 leaving at 7:11 and arriving at 7:58; Would you like to book that?
How long will that take to arrive and how much does a ticket cost?
the ride is 47 minutes long and tickets are 9.8 GBP
Ok that will be it for today. thanks !
Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!


I wanted to find out about local restaurants in Cambridge.
kindly be more specific
it is called [parkside pools]. find me their post code.
I cannot locate the restaurant you are speaking of.
I am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called [parkside pools] not a restaurant. Do you have their postcode?
their post code is cb11ly
I also need an expensive place to dine in the mid of town.
There are 33 restaurants with your requirements. What type of food do you feel like eating?
I would like [Italian] food, if possible.
I'd recommend [clowns cafe]. Would you like reservations?
that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 6 people
I would be more than elated to book a table for you, but what day and time would you like it for?
I need the table for Tuesday at [14:45], but if for some reason Tuesday doesn't work Sunday is also acceptable. I will need the reference number as well.
01223355711 is your reference number. May i help you with anything else?
No, that was everything. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!


I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice.
Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?
No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.
Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?
Yes please! Thank you so much!
I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.
I am also looking for [the Oak Bistro], a place to eat.
Do you want me to make a booking?


Are there any boating activities available?
There are 4 boat attractions. What is your preferred area?
I don't care, what do you have?
Camboats is a great choice. It is located in the East area of town. Would you like additional information for the company?
Yeah what's the address of [Camboats]? I also need an expensive place to eat.
Camboats address is The Plough, Green end, Fen Ditton. Regarding restaurants I am showing an elegant Chinese restaurant, British Cuisine, and an upscale Gastropub near the Camboats location.
Do any of those serve [molecular gastronomy] food and in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, there aren't any serving that type of food. Would you like to try something different?
How about something that serves [seafood]?
Yes, [loch fyne] is in town centre and serves seafood. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. Can I have the phone number, postcode and address though?
Sure thing! The phone number is 01223362433. The address of [Loch Fyne] is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, and the postcode is cb21qy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.
No problem. We can get that booked for you. Can you let me know where you will be going and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
Yes, I'd like to leave the restaurant by [09:30] to go to [Camboats].
Your booking is completed. Your car will be a white bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything thank you very much.
Have a nice day!
You too! Bye!
Thank you, let us know if you need anymore help.


Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [Swiss] food. Can you recommend anything to me?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve Swiss food in this area. Would you consider trying a different cuisine?
Oh okay. What are my choices for [British] food then?
There are several restaurants that serve British food in this area. [Cotto] has great food in a moderate price range. It is located at 183 East Road City Centre.
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye


Hi, I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after [18:15].
Certainly! What are your departure and destination locations?
It should leave from Cambridge and go to Leicester please.
Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I do not have an arrival time.
The TR0776 leaves Cambridge at [18:21] and gets into Leicester at 20:06. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I would like to book it for 6 people please.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 17I15NSK . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.
We have 6 different guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
No it doesn't matter.
carolina bed and breakfast has free wifi and parking if you want to book there.


I want to dine at an expensive [asian oriental] food restaurant.
There are two restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest Kymmoy?
Which of the two restaurants is in the north?
[Saigon City] is in the North. Do you need a booking for that?
Yes, can you book a table for 5 for Monday at [16:15]?
Yes, I can book the table for you.
ok, provide reference number too please.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UM6YO5NS .


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Certainly! Are you looking for a place to stay, a restaurant, attraction information, or do you need transportation?
I need a train that leaves after [15:45] on Wednesday.
Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Stansted Airport.
Those trains leave every hour. There are trains that meet your specifications. The earliest would leave at 16:40 and arrive at the airport by 17:08.
I also need suggestions for places to go. I'm interested in seeing colleges in the north.
There are no colleges in the north. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
Could you please try for something in the boat category?
The Riverboat Georgina in a boating place and is in the NORTH


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would also like the address and phone number.
There is an Indian and a Chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area. Would you like the address and phone for one of those?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number for each.
The [Golden Wok] is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton , and there address is 01223 350688. The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You
You're welcome.


I am looking for a train to cambridge. I would like something on sunday to arrive by [18:30]
What is your departure point?
My departure will be from Cambridge.
And what is your destination city?
I need to go to Peterborough.
What time do you need to leave by?
I just want to get there at or shortly before 18:30.
I found the perfect train! TR7771 will get you there at 18:24. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book me for 6 people. My birdwatching club is taking a trip together.
Ok, your booking is complete for 6 people. The cost is 79.19 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 8W0OSFM6 .
i place want a place to go in the centre
What are you into? Do you like theatre? Museums? We have plenty of attractions in the centre and if you tell me what you enjoy I can recommend one
I would like a museum in the centre please.
I'd like to recommend whipple museum of the history of science, at free school lane. Admission is free.
Is that the full address for the museum? Free School Lane?
Yes it is their full address and the postcode is cb23rh and their telephone number is 01223330906. May I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I need some lodging accommodations. It needs to have free parking and Internet please!
I found 29 hotels matching your request. What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I would like someone to book me a place with free parking and internet.
[acorn guest house] is located in 154 chesterton road should i book it for you?
Does it have four stars?
Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes. Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Friday.
I've booked your stay at the Acorn Guest House, and your reference number is IT07BRTC .
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a train going to Ely?
Do you know what day or time you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after [18:00].
TR5511 leaves Cambridge for Ely at 20.07. Do you need tickets?
Not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in Ely please?
It arrives by 20:07! Anything else love?
What is the total travel time on that time?
The trip will last 17 minutes. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That should do it. Thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


Hi, I'm looking for information on booking a train. I would like to leave on Wednesday and arrive at the destination at [17:00].
From where would you like to catch the train and what is your destination?
I would like to catch the train at London Liverpool Street and I'm going to Cambridge.
the TR2826 arrives at 15:07. would that be ok?
Yes can you book it for me and give me a reference number ?
Yes of course. Your booking number is DQRT2P5U .
Awesome. I also need a place to eat in the moderate range. I'm thinking maybe in the city centre.
There are 5 moderately priced restaurants in the centre, 4 serve british, and one serves asian oriental food. Which would you prefer?
I really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves [spanish] food actually
I found [la tasca] it meets your criteria would you like me to book that for you?
Just give me the address if you could please
The address is 14-16 Bridge Street.
Thanks, I don't need any more help. Have a good day!
Thank you! And enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after [18:00]?
Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.
I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KHBLJGHN . Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?


Hello, I would like information on [club Salsa]
It is a nightclub located on the centre where the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you let me have their postcode?
Absolutely... Their postcode is cb12jb. Is there any other information I can provide you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.


Hello! I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!
There is a movie theatre, a concert hall, nightclubs, and museums. What would you like?
Could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?
There are 11 museums listed in the centre area. Cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries are two that are listed. Would you like more information on one of these?
What is the entrance fee for the [c[ontemporary art ]museum]?
The entrance fee is free.
Free is the best price! I'll probably be hungry after the museum. Are there any moderately priced [Italian] restaurants around?
[Pizza Express] is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it or to are you interested in booking a table?
Could you book a table for me? I need a reservation for 3 people at [11:30] on Wednesday.
It has been booked, your reference number is QFN3A3E9 .
Great! I'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by [11:30]. Can you book one for me?
Its booked! Its a red Volvo
Can I please have the contact number for the taxi company?
Of course. The contact number is 07172397913. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you using Cambridge TownInfo centre today! Enjoy the rest of your day.


Is there a restaurant called [Cocum]?
Yes, it is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at [18:00] on Monday. Can you please be sure to give me the reference number?
Your booking is successful. The reference number is TOD8XYZB . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a train departing from Cambridge.
I have multiple trains leaving from Cambridge. What would you like the destination to be so I can narrow it down?
We would like to go to leicester on tuesday.
Of course. What time would you like to travel?
We would need the train to leaver after [11:45].
I have train TR7692 leaving at 12:21 and arriving at 14:06. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, please book for seven and I would like a reference number, please.
You're all booked. The total fee is 264.59 GBP and your reference number is HC7OJ4LI
Thank you that was all
You're welcome, have a lovely trip!


I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.
It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.
The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town. Which guesthouse would you like to book?
[Alexander] is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.
Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to find a train going to cambridge.
Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [19:00] the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.
Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, may I have the reference number?
Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?
Yes it was, thank you.
Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU .
Thank you that's all that I needed today
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.


I need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.
I have 5 different ones all around town. Did you prefer to stay in a certain area?
Yes, on the east side please.
The [express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] meets your needs, would you like to book it?
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does.
I'm not ready to book. Can you just tell me what the address is? Oh, and how many stars is it?
Sure. It's a two star hotel and the address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. Anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
You're welcome! Please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future.


I'd like a train leaving on Tuesday from Kings Lynn, please.
Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by [17:30].
Ok I can book you on TR8177 from Kings lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. How many seats do you need?
I just needed the info, no booking just yet. Thanks! goodbye.
Thank you for using or system. Good bye.
Have a great day
Thank you and have a great day.
I actually need a place to stay as well. Something in the east please.
We have 6 guesthouses and one hotel on the eastside, you looking for any specific amenities or have a price range in mind?
I am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi.
I have the [a and b guesthouse] that has wifi and is moderately priced.
Sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to check in on a different day or shorten your stay?
Yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is AAO2UA2S . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should do it! Thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?
There are 8 guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred price range?
Yes I want moderate price range
I found 7 hotels that meets your criteria. Do you want parking?
Yes, free parking is important. And also make sure it's an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse, I prefer the amenities of a hotel.
I'm sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses. Would you want to choose one of them?
I guess I don't have a choice. Book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday.
I booked you accomodation at [arbury lodge guesthouse]. Your reference number is AO41SUKL . Do you need anything else?
No, that's all, thanks for the assistance!
Sure, I'm here yo help. Have a lovely stay!


I need to book a taxi to come by [Saffron Brasserie] by [03:30].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from saffron brasserie.
Where will you be going?
I'm going to [leicester train station] and need to arrive there by 03:30
Just want to confirm before booking you are departing from saffron brasserie and want to arrive at leicester by [3:30], is that correct?
Yes, that is correct
Booking completed! Booked car type : white ford Contact number : 07379980416
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thanks for using the help desk and have a great day.


I'm looking for information on a train that will arrive at [20:45] Wednesday.
I have 318 trains running on Wednesday, to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to kings lynn.
Train TR3234 leaves at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Shall I book that one for you?
Yes. Thank you very much.
Great. I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : NSRUZ1F6 . May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That is all.
I'm glad we could help. thank you and goodbye!


I am looking for a swimming pool to go to in the north.
There are two swimming pools to go to in the north. Would you rather go to Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Great can I get their phone number?
The phone number for Jesus Green is 01223302579, and the number for Kings Hedges is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can do to help?
No, thank you.
Okay. well I have no information on entrance fee but I do have their locations specifics. Would you like those as well?
No, thank you.
Well I'm glad I could help you and if there's anything else you need, please call us again.


Yes, I'm looking for a [Cuban] restaurant in the Centre.
I don't see any Cuban restaurants in the Centre. Would you like to look for Cuban restaurants in another location?
Hmm okay can you search for [chinese] food instead then please?
There are 10 entries here. I recommend [charlie chan].
That sounds great. Can I have their phone number and address?
Their phone number is 01223361763. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please get their postcode and address?
It is Regent Street City Centre, CB21DB
Thank you very much, that's all the information that I need.
You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to check back with us. Enjoy your stay!!
Thanks again for the help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a great day.


Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and need lodging. We're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc. Price is no problem.
I can help you find a nice place to stay. First, did you have a particular area of town you were interested in?
I would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.
There are no expensively priced guesthouses in that area, but there are 2 moderately priced ones and 3 cheap ones. Would one of those suit you?
Can you suggest one of the cheap ones?
I can recommend [autumn house] at 710 Newmarket Rd. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. For one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.
Booked! Reference number: WQL1WG7F .
Thank you! I also need a train that arrives by [08:45]
Sure! Where will you be departing from? Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I'd like to leave from Stevenage and go to Cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.
I have train TR1044 leaving stevenage at 7:54 and arriving in cambridge 8:43. Would you like me to book that?
No, I'm not sure I need the train yet. Thanks for the info!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your time!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks. I will definitely use your service again.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Good bye.


Hello, could you help me with information on a train?
Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.
What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by [15:45].
Great I have tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.
the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?
Do you have a area of town you prefer?
East part of town please
There are three to choose from that are on the East part of town. They are all in the cheap price range. Should I recommend one?
Could you try to book me into one starting Wednesday?
How many nights will you be staying?
There will be three of us checking in on Wednesday and staying for two nights.
I have you booked at the [Autumn House], and your reference number is 8CCY0VK0 . Do you need the address or phone number?
Not at this time. Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks. That's all for today.
Have a great day and enjoy your trip.


I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves [Belgian] food.
I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about somewhere expensive in the centre?
no such restraunts too
How about a [gastropub] restaurant?
I have two, the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do you have a preference between the two?
Can you book a table at the [Bistro] for me? 4 people at [13:30] on Sunday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NSLKEI1G .
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.
what time will you be departing?
I want to leave after [10:30] on Monday.
The TR8089 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, what time do I need to be at the station?
I should be asking you what time you need to be at the station.
I just need the arrival time and price.
The arrival time for train TR8089 is 12:07, and it will cost only 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
That was everything. Thanks very much!
You're welcome, have a good day.


I need a moderately priced guest house.
There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have any specific needs, such as area, or internet access, or parking? What star rating would you prefer?
Yes I want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars.
Acorn house is on the north side, has a 4-star rating and is in the moderate price range. They have free WIFI. What dates do you need?
I need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have a room available. Would you like me to try a different one?
yes, please try a different hotel in the same price range.
I have successfully booked you a room for 1 person and 4 nights starting on Wednesday at the [archway house]. They are located at 52 gilbert road.
Can you give me a reference number to check in with?
Reference number is 4D968P9B .
Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Thank you I'm sure I will.
Great thank you.


I need information for a train leaving on friday after [15:15].
I'll be happy to help with that. Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.
There is a train leaving at 15:29.
Perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and I will need the reference number.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 5EVEW0AE .
Where do I collect my ticket?
You will get that from the station.
Great, thanks! Can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?
Sure, the Lensfield hotel is within your price range and has free parking. The number is 01223355017 and post code is cb21en. Have a great day.
I wasn't done yet, but thanks I will have a great day. Now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?
sorry. it is in the south.
Okay. So how about one in the north then, because that's what I want. If not, then try the centre. And don't try to book without my permission again please.
There are no hotels in the expensive range in the north.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving [modern european] food.
We have four choices, do you have a preference in price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.
There are 2 restaurants with your given preferences. They are [de luca cucina and bar] and riverside brasserie. Do want me to book a table for you?
Yes please. I need a table for one [at noon] on Saturday
I tried to book a table using your criteria at both restaurants, but unfortunately, there was no availability at either. Would you like a different day or time?
Can you try [11:00] for either place?
That time was successful. You're booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 11:00 on Saturday. Your reference number is QCA3LHQC . Need anything else today?
Yes please. I need train on the same day arriving in Cambridge.
What time are you looking to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by [08:45]. Are there any trains that early?
Oh yes plenty. How about the 07:17 that arrives by 08:08.
What is the travel time and train ID?
That ID would be the TR8885, and the travel time is 51 minutes. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
No thanks. That will not be necessary. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.
Just to confirm, that train leaves from London Kings Cross. Is that your intended departure station?
Sorry, no, I need to depart from Broxbourne.
Okay, it looks like the TR1971 would depart Broxbourne at 7:32 and arrive in Cambridge at 08:32. Would that work for you?
Perfect, thanks. I am all set now.
You are welcome. Good bye!


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
I have about 9 different options for you. What type of food would you like to dine on?
I would prefer [Caribbean] food
I'm so sorry, but we don't have any Caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like a different type of food? Or I could check a different area.
Do you show any [Indian] restaurants in that area?
Yes I have 5 in that area. I would like to suggest [cocum]. Would you like to make reservations?
That sounds great. There will be 6 of us on Sunday for dinner. Say, [19:15]?
Great! Your table at cocum is booked. Your reference number is 1CQ2UX5F . Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'd also like to visit a museum.
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Would you like to visit a museum near your restaurant in the west?
You can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area
Cafe jello gallery is in the west area. The post code is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you
You are most welcome, enjoy your visit!


Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves [Italian] food? I will be in the area soon.
I have 4 in the centre of town and one in the south, any preference?
Yes, I would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.
Could you give me a more specific time for the "afternoon"? Reservations can be placed starting on the hour and every 15 minutes after.
Yes. I actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on Wednesday at [18:15].
I cannot get a table reserved for you at that time. Perhaps another day or time slot maybe?
Can you try [17:15]?
I was able to book [stazione restaurant and coffee bar] the reference number is 95K25VSO
Thank you. Can you book me a train arriving the same day as I am going to the restaurant?
I would be happy to help if I have some more information. What are the departure and destination locations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from London Liverpool Street.
When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [10:00] and I would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. I also would like the reference number.
Ok, I have booked 2 tickets on TR5936 leaving Liverpool St at 07:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:07. Reference number 68JD5L35 . It will be 33.20GBP at the station.
Thank you! Goobye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hello, I need information for the nearest police station please.
The telephone is 01223358966 and the address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the postcode please?
The postcode is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.


I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.
Certainly, is there an area of town you prefer?
No, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.
There are quite a few options that match your needs -would you prefer cheap or moderately priced?
No. You can pick the hotel. I will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from Friday.
I have booked you a room at the [Acorn Guest House]. They are at 154 Chesterson Road, CB41DA. Their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUJ3X14V .
Thanks! I am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.
I have 6 night clubs in the city, 5 are in the centre and 1 is in the South? Would you like info on any of them?
What is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?
[The Place] is a nightclub in the south part of town. I'm sorry, i do not have the entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I needed! Thanks you've been so helpful! Bye!
You are most welcome. Enjoy your visit!


I am looking for a college to visit.
We have many colleges in Cambridge, most of which are in the center of town. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I don't have a preference, but could I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?
Clare college is located in the west with a postcode of cb21tl. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you. Can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?
May I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast Hotel located in the centre of town at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Does it have 0 stars? I'm wanting to make sure I book a room at a place with 0 stars.
No, the [Alexander] has a 4 star rating. There are two others located in the centre of town that have 0 stars. Would you like information for either of those?
Could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Saturday? If so, book it and please provide a reference number.
In order that I may better serve you, I will need the date you will need your accommodations.
I just said I needed it on Saturday for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us.
I have you booked for four nights. Your reference number is ACLLASUS .
Great, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
I'd be happy to help you with a taxi. Which will you be departing from and what time are you looking to leave?
I will be departing from [Clare college] at [02:15].
Okay, I booked a taxi from Clare College to Alexander at 02:15. The car will be a yellow Tesla, contact number is 07924405989.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I'd like for a taxi to take me to [autumn house] from [travellers rest]
Sure thing! What time do you want to leave?
I want to arrive by [07:00], what time I leave is okay.
There's a grey skoda that will be picking you up. You can contact the driver at 07605689057.


I wanted to visit a place called Center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that I would need to book in advance?
I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for an attraction by that name.
ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend
Perhaps you were interested in an attraction located in city CENTRE? Theatre? dancing? dining? museums? If not, I can help with hotel booking too.
Yes, I am interested in one located in the city Centre. Can you list out several for me so I can choose from them?
There are 44 different attractions in the centre ranging from architecture to nightclubs. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
Please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee
There are five nightclubs in the Centre. May I suggest Soul Tree Nightclub? It cost four pounds for the entrance fee.
Can you give me the post code for the [Soul Tree Nightclub]?
The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves [British] food and is expensive. I need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.
I found 3 restaurants matching your request. The [cambridge chop house] is very popular. Would you like to book a table there?
yes can you please help me with that?
Yes when would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for [12:00] on Wednesday
Ok, and for how many people?
I'd like it for 7 people please. And could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?
i booked that for you. your reference number is 2tn0v6dq .
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?
Sure. I'll just need to know where you want to be picked up and where you want to be dropped off, plus either when you want to leave or arrive by
adress and phone number please and thank you
Unfortunately, I don't understand your message. To book your taxi, I need to know where you are starting and going to. I also need to know what time.
So sorry, I was distracted. I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.
I can book that for you now.
please do and give me car type and contact
Booking completed! Your car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07559573662.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today.
You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.


Hi, I'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.
Sure thing. I have two options for you, and they are both guesthouses. One in the east, and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
Are either of those two cheap?
No I am sorry, they are both in the moderate price range. Would you like to book one of them?
Any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap.
There are no 4-star places that are cheap and have free wifi. Perhaps something not as fancy, or in a higher price range?
I'm not sure. I really needed those specifications.
I apologize, we have several options. The [alexander bed and breakfast] is a cheap four star guesthouse, in the north area, with wifi. Would you care to reserve a room?
Yes, let's book it for 3 nights from Wednesday. There will be 5 of us.
Okay, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 525A3U0N . What else can I help you with today?
You've taken care of everything. Thank you.
Thank you have a good day.


i need a place to stay
Okay! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd prefer something in the North, a 4 star hotel with free wifi if possible.
There are no 4 start hotels in the north with free wifi.
would you like to book something without free wifi, or in another area.
There are no 4 star hotels in the north are with free internet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the north?
Yes, I see several guesthouses available! They are all in the moderate price range; does parking matter to you?
The parking does not matter.
Yes, I would recommend [Avalon]. It is at 62 Gilbert Road, postcode cb43pd.
Can you tell me the phone number?
Sure, the phone number is 01223353071.
Can you also help me find an [indian] place to eat.
Is there a certain area or price range you would like?
I'm sorry, I meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the north side of town. I don't need a restaurant after all.
do you have a type in mind?
can I get a boat?
riverboat georgina is in the north. Would this work?
find me its entrance fee
Yes, I would have to give them a quick call. How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book it. I would just like to know the entrance fee.
I'm sorry. The entrance fee for the Riverboat Georgina is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks that will be all then
I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.


I need a place to stay that is cheap.
Okay and what area will you be staying in?
I need a place in the center of town, and I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse.
I have three hotels in the centre, one is moderately priced and then there are two expensive ones. Would you like to book one of them?
I want to book one of the expensive ones.
The expensive ones are the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Gonville is 3 star rated, and the University Arms is 4 star.
Great. Can I book the [University Arms] for 2 nights for 4 people starting Sunday please? I'll need a reference number.
OK, you're all set. Reference #MEGFYQHA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a [Hungarian] restaurant, also in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in the centre of town, would you like another location?
Is there and [Indian] restaurant available in that area?
There are 9 indian restaurants. Do you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would like expensive please.l
There are several options in that area. How about [Curry Garden]? I hear it's great.
Can you book a reservation for me?
Absolutely, what day would you like reservations?
I would like to book it fro Sunday at [14:45].
How many people will be dining?
4 people will be dining.
Your table is booked, ref#9BZUL5GV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help. Good Bye.
Have a pleasant trip and, as always, we are here if you need us.


I am looking for information in Cambridge looking for a restaurant in the north
We have a range of options in the north. Do you have preferred cuisine or price range?
How about an expensive [venetian] place?
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any results. Is there another location or price range you'd like to try?
How about something that serves [Asian Oriental] food?
I do have one expensive asian oriental restaurant in the north. It is called [Saigon City]. Can I make you a reservation?
That sounds great. I will need a table for 5.
What day and time would you like this reservation for?
[16:30] on Thursday, please.
We booked you for Thursday at 16:30, is their anything else I can assist you with?
Can you provide me with a reference number, please?
Yes, your reference number is 80SX075C . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on Thursday, with arrival by [13:30].
TR9775 arrives by 12:52, would you like more info or tickets?
Please give me the departure and travel time.
It departs at 12:24 and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thank you! That is all the information I need.
excellent, have a great day!


What museums are there in the north area of town?
I'm sorry. There are none.
How about a swimming pool then?
Kings [Hedges Learner Pool] is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?
Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.
Thanks, that sounds great. Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?
There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?
I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves [scottish] food.
I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?
How about [Italian] food?
Yes, [da vinci pizzeria] is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes please. There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Thursday at [17:45].
I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?
How about [16:45] on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?
I'm sorry, that time is not available either. Would you like to try another one?
15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?
I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is XRR7UTLU . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I have a taxi that can take you from the [Kings Hedges Pool] to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of [16:45]. Will that work for you?
What is the contact number and what will be the car type?
Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.
Thank you so much!
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.
Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.
What time do you need to travel to Ely?
I need to arrive in Ely before [11:30]. I would be leaving from Cambridge.
There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.
TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?
I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.
We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.
Do any of them have 3 stars?
Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?
No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.
Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da. You can call at 01223365664. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you.
TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?
I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.
No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a hotel called [hamilton lodge].
Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse, on the north side of town, in the moderate price range and awarded 3 stars. Do you need more information?
What's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel?
It is a moderately-priced guesthouse with 3 stars. The postcode is cb41da.
Thank you!! Can you also recommend places to go around the centre. My wife is really into architecture.
Sure, I have many churches in the centre. Would you like more information about one? Perhaps [Holy Trinity]?
Can I get the address of that?
Sure. Their address is market street with postcode cb23nz.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our system!


I need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some [creative] food.
I don't have any creative restaurants in that area. maybe another cuisine?
What about [Italian] food?
We have many Italian restaurants! If price is no issue, I recommend [Caffe Uno].
That is great. I need to make a booking for one.
I can do that. What day and time would you like the booking?
book a table for 1 people at [11:15] on tuesday with reference number please and thank you
Your reservation is booked. Your reference number is 4UROSY5A .
Thanks for handling the restaurant booking. I also need a cheap place to stay near the restaurant.
If a guesthouse is okay, [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is a 4-star cheap hotel in the center part of town near the restaurant. Will that work?
That sounds great! Can I get the phone number and postcode too?
The phone number is 01223525725 and the postcode is cb12de
Great, Thank you so much for all your help.
You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I needed. Thanks again! Goodbye!
Have a wonderful trip.


can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?
Yes! What type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me please. I need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number
the fitzwilliam museum is a museum is free. Postcode: cb21rb. Phone: 01223332900.
Also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.
We have the University Arms, which is an expensive hotel, or the [Alexander B&B], which is a charming, but inexpensive, guesthouse.
Can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? I'll need a reference number as well.
What day will you be staying?
i will be staying for 5 days
I'm sorry... are you staying with two people for two days, or alone for five days? Which days would you like me to reserve?
Never mind the booking. I need a taxi.
Okay what time do you need the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by [20:00].
What is your destination?
The [Fitzwilliam Museum] is my destination.
The taxi is all set, look for a grey toyota, they can be reached at 07596698267 if there are any issues. Any other questions?
Thank you that's all I needed today.
you are welcome all the time
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. A few are the regency gallery, the fitzwilliam museum, castle galleries, and primavera.
The [fitzwilliam] sounds good. Could I get the phone number?
Absolutely, the fitzwilliam museum's phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.
I found the Cambridge Belfry. It is located in the west of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. That will be all.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, again, that is all, thank you.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?
There are 15 options. Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in? And are you interested in wifi and parking?
I don't care about wifi or parking. To be honest, I don't care what area it is in, either. What would you pick?
I would go with the [Acorn Guest House] if I were choosing a moderately price guesthouse.
Sounds nice. What is the address and postcode please?
The address is 154 Chesterton Rd, the postal code is cb41da, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.
There are no boats in the west, can I try something else for you?
Hmm. What about museums?
[Cambridge and county folk museum] is available, would you like that?
Sure. That sounds good. Can I get their address and postcode please?
Sure their address is 2-3 Castle Street and the postcode is cb30aq
Thanks! I also need a taxi between both locations, please.
Can you tell what time you want to be picked up and at which location?
I want to leave the hotel by [23:15].
Booking completed! Your contact number is 07349924614. The car type is a black ford. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow that was fast thanks! No, that is all I needed. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you recommend some places to go in the west side of town?
There are several attractions in the west side of town. Do you have a preference for the type of attraction?
Not really. What would you recommend?
The [museum of classical archaeology] has free admission and is in the west area. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What is the postcode and address for the museum?
The postcode for that is cb3ojg and the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Can I help you anymore today?
Can you help me find the [Worth House] hotel?
Worth House is a guesthouse on the north side. It is in the cheap price range, but has four stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please, that would be perfect.
what day would you like, and how may days?
I'm sorry, but don't book it. I just need the area and address.
It is located in the north. The address is 152 chesterton road.
Thanks for all your help!
Happy to help. Have a pleasant day.


I sure hope so. A friend recommended the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. What can you tell me about it?
It is a wonderful guesthouse located in the centre of town. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like assistance booking?
That sounds like a great place! What's the address?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I will also need a train on Tuesday.
There are several for Tuesday. Did you have a particular departure and arrival times?
I need the train to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by [10:15]. I am open on departure time.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am wanting to go to the theatre. Are there any in the centre of town?
The adc theatre is located on Park Street. There are a few others as well.
The adc theatre sounds perfect. Could I get the postcode and phone number please?
Absolutely - the ADC's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. It doesn't need to include free internet.
There are 3 places to stay in Cambridge that have star ratings of 0, but they all include internet. Would you prefer a cheap or moderately priced hotel/guesthouse?
I don't care about the price, but I would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.
I have the perfect place for you. It's called the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is on the cheap side and includes free parking and wifi. Can I interest you in it?
Is El Shaddai in the centre of town?
It sure is. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes can you reserve for two nights beginning May 18th?
Absolutely. How many people do you need a booking for?
I need to book for three people.
With the greeting customer wanted to get information about theatre and hotel in the center of the city with free parking and free wii fii and not bothered about price.


I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great [modern european] restaurant? Money is no object!
[Darrys cookhouse and wine shop] looks good, would you like to book there?
I am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?
It is the expensive price range.
That's fine. I'd like to know if it's in the centre of town. If so, I need a table for Sunday.
Yes, it's in the centre of town. What time would you like to book the table for on Sunday?
Can you book a table for 1 at [11:00] on sunday?
I have made those reservations your reference is XZOJ853X .
Thank you so much! I'm also looking for parks to see. Can you help me with this?
Yes I have several. Where would you like it to be?
I am not particular but could I have an address for a popular one?
Sure thing, the address is fen causeway
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


Find me a train that leaves after [11:00] on Wednesday
ok, and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving cambridge with a destination of stevenage.
The earliest train after that time is TR3844. It departs at 11:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
Yes please. I need the travel time.
It is a 49 minute ride, it will cost 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Not right now, thanks. I would like to go to a museum while I'm in town, though.
Were you looking for one in a particular area?
No, any area is fine. Can you suggest one?
The Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located in the centre. Would you like more information about it?
I would like the address and phone number.
Located at 98 king street. Number is 01223314960.
Great thanks. That's all I need.
Do you need me to look up info about another place or attraction? Anything?
No, I think you've answered all my questions. Thank you!
No problem! Have a great day.


I want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Are you looking for a particular price range or location?
I want at least 4 stars rating. Are any of them 4 starts?
There are 16 that have a 4-star rating. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
No, just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting Sunday.
I need to narrow the search. What area do you want to stay in? Do you prefer moderate or cheap?
I prefer to stay in a moderate area.
I have 9 guesthouse in the moderate range with free parking and 4 stars. The [archway house] is nice on the north side.
Sounds good. Please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try [aylesbray lodge guest house]?
Yes let's try that one please.
OK that is all set, thank you!


Hi, I'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.
I'm sorry there are no 1 star hotels with internet, would you like me to search on 2 stars, we have a few hotels available.
Alright. I wanted a 1 star, but I guess I can listen to the 2 star options.
I have 2 on the north side that are in the moderate price range and 1 on the east side in the expensive range. Would you like to book one.
Hmm. What do you what about 4 star hotels?
There are 5 guesthouses with 4 star ratings in Cambridge with moderate to cheap price ranges. Would you like more information?
Well, I'd like to book one. I don't think it matters which one.
What dates would you like to book the room for?
I need it for two nights starting on Saturday.
Okay, how many people will be in your party?
It would be for 7 people.
I have booked you at the [A and B Guest House] at 124 tenison road. The reference number is 0J08KUGQ . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you. Bye.
You are welcome, goodbye.


I need some information on a train departing from peterborough.
I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
I need a train to Cambridge that leaves [after 4:15 PM].
What day are you looking for the train?
I want to leave on Friday.
There's a train going from Peterborough, leaving at [16:48]. Will that work?
That may work. What is the train ID, travel time, and arrival time?
Train ID is TR0992, it departs at 16:48 and arrives at 17:38.
how long is the train ride?
The train ride will last 50 minutes from 16:48 to 17:38.
Great, thanks. Can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. I want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible.
great, i have 21 options for you!
21 in the moderate price in the centre? Which one do you say is best?
It would really depend on what kind of food you like. What is your favorite cuisine?
I'm open to anything, Ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at [20:00] on friday.
I have reserved a table for you at [Restaurant One Seven], it's a real popular locale. Your reference number is JNNU896Z .
Thanks so much, that's all I needed help with today!
you are welcome and thanks for using our services


I'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care
The golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
is there another one as well?
Yes, there is also The Nirala which is an Indian restaurant. Would you be interested in more information on that one?
Yes could you give me the phone number for The [Nirala]?
Their number is 01223 360966.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you goodbye.
Have a nice day.


I am looking for information on a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives at [9:45]
There are a few that arrive at cambridge by 09:45 what day are you arriving and where are you departing from?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street and I want to leave on Tuesday.
Okay great! I have one train that would get you to Cambridge on Tuesday by 09:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
No I just need to know the departure time please.
The departure time is 07:39 for that train. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some good places to go while I'm in town?
There are lots of nice attractions in town. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I think we'd like to see a museum - do you have any recommendations?
There are 23 museums all around the city. If you don't have any area preferences, Cafe Jello Gallery on the west side is very nice, and they have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. What is there address?
[Cafe Jello Gallery], 13 Magdalene Street, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all. Thanks.
Thank you and have a good day!


I want to book a taxi to pick me up [Travellers Rest] to take me to [Finches Bed and Breakfast].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at the restaurant no later than [ten o'clock a.m.]
I have confirmed a taxi booking for you, a red tesla will be picking you up.
Ok great, can I have the contact number?
Sure its 07915006170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. Great service. Goodbye.
Please contact us again if there's anything else you need during your stay.


Please find me some information about the mutliple sports in the centre
We only have one multiple sports complex but it is in the east, are you interested in that, or do you want another search in the centre?
No, I need to stay in the centre. Are there any parks there?
Okay! You can try [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] on Bateman Street. It is in the Centre part of town, and the admission fee is 4 Pounds.
Great! What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need a train departing from cambridge to arrive by [21:15]
Ok. I can help with train info. Whata is your destination?
The destination is peterborough.
how about TR9859? it leaves at 05:06
Sounds good, please book me for four people and can I get a reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2WXSC5I1 . Will that be all?
That is all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye!


I am looking for an upscale [Chinese] food restaurant in Cambridge; can you make a recommendation?
Yu garden is in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I need something in the Center of town.
There are four expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Would [Ugly Duckling] suit you?
That sounds fine. Can you give me the address and phone number?
Yes Ugly Duckling would work. Would you please reserve it for me and send me the reference number? Thank you.
Yes, I know it would work, I am the one you asked, lol. Can you just give me the address and phone number though?
Their address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Unfortunately their phone number is not available.
Thanks, I am also looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.
[Castle Galleries] is a museum in the centre and it's free. Would you like the address or another option?
Yes, I'd like the address please.
Their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their postcode is cb23bj.
No that's all, thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need to book a taxi to arrive by [13:45] to take me to [La Margherita].
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I am going to La Margherita.
You are booked. Your car is a white toyota and contact number is 07178746002
Um wait how did you book the taxi if you never even got my departure location?
I can check that. What is your departure location?
I am departing from [hakka].
I apologize for the error. You are booked for a blue Volvo with the contact number of 07789499283 from hakka.
Ok that's all I need. Thanks!
You're more than welcome!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range.
I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?
Are any of them available for 8 people at [19:00] on Wednesday?
There are two restaurants available the Indian restaurant Meghna and the Italian restaurant Prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?
The Italian restaurant [Prezzo] sounds good.
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : GVOKLI1A . Anything else?
nope thats it. thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi can you help me to book a train from london liverpool street?
I certainly can! I'll need to know your destination, day of travel, and what time you want to leave or arrive by, so I can find a suitable train, OK?
I'll be traveling on Sunday. I'm going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.
TR2357 leaves London Liverpool Street at 7:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:07. Would this work or do you need another time frame?
How long is the travel time?
The travel time will be 88 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I need information on a attraction called [scott polar museum].
Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Do you need additional information?
Entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number please.
01223336540 It is a museum in the center. It is free to get in.
Thank you that's all I need today.
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.
you too have a wonderful day.
Bye bye.


I'd like to book a taxi, please. I need to get from the [lensfield hotel] to [peking restaurant].
What time do you want to be picked up at the lensfield hotel?
I would like for the taxi to arrive by [06:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red audi Contact number : 07547694043


Cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.
There are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer [Italian].
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.


Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.
Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about [Downing College] on Regent Street? It has free entrance.
Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?
No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.
I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by [10:30]
I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01. Would you like me to book that train for you?
Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?
You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday. The total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA .
Thank you so much! Goodbye now!
You're very welcome! Enjoy your travels! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?
I have the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Which one would you like?
The [Ashley Hotel] sounds good. Does it have free parking?
Ashley hotel does have free parking
Thanks. Coulc you book a room for me, just one person. It will be three nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LCFYMN3F
Great, thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your service.
You are welcome, I'm always glad to help. Goodbye now.


Can you find me a guest house?
Their is Acorn guest house in the north, they are located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888
Ok is the [Acorn guest house] a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking
Yes, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. They offer free parking and internet.
I'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
I was able to book that, reference number is C0SOOPR7 .
Great! I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.
There are many moderately priced restaurants available. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
The restaurant would need to serve [kosher] food.
I'm not finding anything in the price range and area that serves kosher food. Would you like to try a different price range?
How about one that serves [british] food?
I'm not finding any moderately priced British restaurants in the north, either. Would you like me to look for something else, or a different price range?
Yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either [kosher] or [british] food?
I'm sorry I do not see any listing for the description you are looking for. Perhaps there is something else you would like to try?
Ok, let's start over. I don't want to cause confusion. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves [kosher] food. Can we try that?
I'm sorry, I don't have any matches for that, would you like to try another option?
How about a restaurant that serves [British] food in the centre of town?
I have 4 listings for british food in the centre of town.
Okay, please pick one for me.
Shall I book one? If so on what day?
Wednesday, for 2 people. At [16:30].
Among the four restaurants, I cannot book for 1630, is there another time you would like to aim for?
How about [1[5:30]]? please send me the reference number once booked. I am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.
OK, you're booked at [C[otto]], refrence number UH4IHWMG . A red volkswagen should be coming to the Acorn to take you there, contact number 07499457879. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That does it for me. Take care. Goodbye.
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
There are many options that could satisfy your request, what price range do you require?
I don't care about the price range. I do want to be in the north, though.
There are 9 possibilities in either the cheap or moderate price range. Which do you prefer?
how about something in the north?
How about [acorn guest house]?
try there for three nights then give me the reference number
Can you tell me for how many people and on what day?
i want booking for four people
What day do you need to check in?
I'll arrive on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6WKSPADC .
Great. That takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks!
Terrific, glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need anything else.


I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please
I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going?
departing from cambridge and arrive by [21:45]
There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?
I need to go to stansted airport please
I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40
That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.
Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO .
I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.
Do you have a preferred area or price range?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.
I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?
How many people will be staying for the booking?
Just one person please
Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?
Try booking the room for just one night, please.
That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you but that's all.
Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye.


Hello, I need a train to Peterborough from Cambridge please
Which day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday, and arrive by [14:45]
TR9859 would fit your needs shall i book it ?
Actually, no need to book. But, can I get the travel time and the price of the ticket please?
Of course. The travel time is 50 minutes. The price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like any other information?
Yes, I'm also looking for places to go in town.
Sure, I can help you with that. What kind of attraction were you looking for?
I would like to find a museum in the centre of town.
There are many. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. What is your favorite museum? I'd like their address and postcode. You're a lifesaver!
The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is excellent. They're at University of Cambridge, Downing Street in postcode cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Um... no, I think I should be good with that. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Could you help me find a place to stay? I need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.
I am showing 25 entries, maybe we can narrow it down a bit. What price range and part of town are you looking for.
Are any of them a guesthouse in the moderate price range?
Yes! The Acorn Guest House is very popular. Would you like more information on that hotel?
Could i get the postcode, please?
The postcode for the acorn guest house is cb41da.
I am also looking for a place to dine.
Is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
Yes, I would like [british] food in the moderate price range please.
I have found Restaurant One Seven within your range. Would you like for me to book it?
Great! Can I have the address and phone number, please?
The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223337766. Have a great night!


I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions. I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.
I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.
There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?
I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.
The archway house is in the north and 4 stars
That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there. Are there any cinemas in the same area as [Archway House]?
What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?
I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
I need a cinema in the north.
Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?
What about a pool in the north?
There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for [Kings Hedges]?
01223353248 and cb42xh respectively
Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the [kings hedges learner pool] by [3:45].
look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!
No problem, is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all thank you for the help!
Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.


I am trying to get some suggestions on where I can take my wife for our anniversary. We want to try to find something fun to do.
How about [whipple museum of the history of science]?
Sounds interesting. Can I get the entrance fee and postcode info?
It is a free attraction, and the postcode is cb23rh. Is there anything else?
Well, I guess I forgot to specify that I need something on the south end of town.
I'm sorry, but there is nothing on the south side of town. Would you like to change the area?
Are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city?
I'm sorry, yes, Nusha is an entertainment venue that I think you will enjoy. Postcode for that is cb17dy, but there is no entrance fee listed.
That's all. Thanks for the info!
Thank you.Good bye.


What are some places to go to?
We have 79 attractions, do you have anything you'd like to see?
Recommend something for me, as long as it is in the center.
The [Cambridge Contemporary Art museum] is in the center. It has free admission.
That sounds perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? I'd like a 4 star location, please.
Sure thing which area?
The hotel should include free wifi it should be near the attractions
There is the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in the centre of town. It is 4 starts and offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to reserve?
Yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : EHM9N8KK . Can I assist you further today?
No that looks like everything I need today. Thank You.
Your welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train that leaves Wednesday and arrives by [9:30].
Where is your departure from?
Oh, sorry coming in from Kings Lynn
I have train TR4638 from Kings Lynn to Cambridge departing at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58. Would that work for you?
May I make a booking for six people?
I have successfully booked your tickets. 58.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is WGS360AQ
Great. Thank you.
Have a great day!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
sure, what can i help you find?
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving [hungarian] food.
There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?
Sure, let's try [British] food, please?
Yes, there are 3. I recommend [midsummer house restaurant].
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at [16:00].
I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?
ok and get me the reference number please
Reference number is : TFUP32PH . Is there anything else?
I also need a train to Leicester.
Would you be leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, on Thursday.
What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to depart after [16:45]. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.
IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets.
Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I am in need of a taxi to the [cambridge punter] please
I'd be happy to help, where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from [Magdalene college].
What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave after [16:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow lexus Contact number : 07556697926
Great, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I am actually all set now thanks though
Thank you for choosing our service, goodbye.


I want to find a [German] restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.
Unfortunately, there are no German restaurants in the price range you requested. Would you like a different restaurant?
Perhaps there is one that serves [Indian] food. Indian food is also good.
Can I recommend Kohinoor? They serve budget friendly Indian food in the centre of town.
The [Kohinoor] sounds good. Could you book a table for 2 for me?
I'd be happy to reserve your table. What time would you like to dine?
It's for around [12:45] on Wednesday. And that was for 2 people please. Can I get the reference number then too please?
I was able to book a table for you at 12:45. The reference number is 0CUR7IQX .
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after [15:15] that arrives at Birmingham New Street.
Please book trainid TR8952 leaving cambridge at 16:01.
Thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?
Booked! Reference number is FGBPBWP1 . Total fee is 150.19 GBP, paid at the station. Anything else?
That's everything. Thank you very much!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your day.


Hello, I would like information on [Milton] County Park.
Milton county park is in the north side area and their phone number is 01223420060. Their address is Milton county park, Milton and postcode is cb46az with free entrance fee.
Yes thank you! That is all I needed.
I am glad I could be of assistance. Have a good day!
Sorry, also, I need information on the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
Sure it is a guesthouse in the centre, it is priced cheap with 4 stars, it has internet and free parking.
Perfect. I was curious about how many stars they had. Thanks so much for the information.
Would you like me to book you into alexander bed and breakfast? I will need the details of your stay.
Maybe. How many stars is the hotel rated?
It's rated 4 stars. Is there any other information you'd like about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast to make your decision?
No I need some time to consider my choices. Thank you for your help today. That is all the information I need.
Okay. If you need any help with reservations, please give me a call back.
Thank you for your help. I will.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


A train depart from Cambridge and arrive by [19:00]
What is your destination? And what day are you hoping to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday and am heading to Bishops Stortford.
There are 5 trains available what time would you like to leave by?
I'd like to leave before [14:00]
Okay, TR0927 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Shall I book you a seat?
No, I'll look it up later and do it myself. But could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city centre?
There are two, a cheap guest house, and an expensive hotel. Any preference?
Which ever one has free parking and wifi.
They both have free parking and wifi. How about the [alexander bed and breakfast]? It's on the cheaper side, 4 stars, and really quite lovely.
Sounds great. Can you please book that for me for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights please?
I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is D53TP7EU ., can I assist with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train.
I'd be happy to help you with that. Can you tell me your departure location and where you are headed to?
I am looking to go to london kings cross and depart from cambridge.
There are 70 trains making that trip, do you have a day or time?
I'll be leaving on friday after [12:45].
The TR3685 leaves just 15 minutes later, at 13:00.
That sounds great. I'll get back to you when I decide on the booking. Have a nice day. Bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need information on the [fitzwilliam museum]
Ok, I can help you with that. What kind of information do you need?
Can I get the phone number, address, and area it is located in?
Of course, the Fitzwilliam Museum is located in the centre area of town, at Trumpington street, and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you, that is all I need.
OK, have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west
There are 9 matching restaurants. What food would you like?
I would really like to try some [British] food please.
I have 2 matching restaurants. Would you like more details on them?
No, if you could just book me into one for saturday, that would be great.
Ok, how many people and what is the time preference?
I need if for four, [13:30], Saturday.
Sure, you're booked at [Travellers Rest] with reference number A5LK844G . May I help with anything else?
Okay great no that will be it.
Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call again.


Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere in the west.
I can help with that. Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter, but I do need it to include free wifi.
There are four possibilities. Do you have a price range in mind?
We would like it to be in the expensive price range.
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] fits your criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, sounds get. I need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday
I have booked a room for five nights beginning Monday for a party of 1. Your reference number is IXEZZNYL . Can I help you find anything else in the city?
Yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves [British] food in the same area as my hotel?
Would you prefer moderate or expensive prices?
It doesn't matter. You can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IXEZZNYL .
Uhh Yes, the name of the place please? After that I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.
The name is [Saint Johns Chop House]. What time would you like a taxi for?
I would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is [14:15].
Your booking is complete. A blue Lexus has been assigned to pick you up. 07848295370 is the contact number. Anything else I can do?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.
You are quite welcome! Goodbye!


Please find a park in the north.
Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north. What would you like to know about it?
Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?
The address is [milton country park], milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter. Can I assist you further today?
Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant. Do you know of any [Asian Oriental] places?
We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?
I'd like the one in the north, please?
okay, would you like me to book that for you
no, just their phone number and address please
[Kymmoy's] phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.
Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?
I'd like to leave at [21:30]. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?
Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642. May i assist you with something else?


We would like to eat some [Japanese] food while we are visiting.
There is one Japanese Restaurant in town. Wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
If the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive I would like to look instead for [Chinese] restaurants.
It looks like the Japanese place is expensive. The jinling noodle bar is a moderately price chinese place. Would like me to book a table there?
I'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for [Jinling Noodle Bar].
It is located in the centre area at 11 Peas Hill City Centre. The phone number is 01223566188
Can I get their postcode please?
Yes, postcode cb23pp. Can I be of further assistance today?
I could use some help finding a train to get me to Leicester on Monday.
Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by [18:00]
TR5465 arrives at 17:06. can i book that one?
Just to confirm TR5465 departs Cambridge and arrives in Leicester at 17:06? What time does the train depart?
Train TR5465 departs at 15:21. Is there anything else you need to know?
thats all for today. thanks alot for helping
Thanks for contacting us, have a great day!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Certainly. What can I help you with today?
I'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars
We have several options. Any specific area?
I don't really care where. But, it does need free parking. I'm thinking I may need free wifi also. Is there anything?
I have five options available. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Do you have any recommendations?
I recommend the [lensfield hotel] located on the south side of town at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anymore information?
Great can you give me the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223355017.
thank you that will be all
Thank you for using our services. Please feel free to call on us again if we can be of help planning your trip to Cambridge.


What is good in the south part of town
What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care what type of food it is.
There are nine restaurants in the south area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?
Yes, under $25.00 per entree.
Would you like the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range?
cheap, please
There are two available in the south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference?


I'm looking for [asian oriental] food in expensive range.
There is Saigon City in the north and Kymmoy in the centre. Do either of those interest you?
Yes. Could you provide the address and phone number for [Kymmoy]?
Kymmoy is located at 52 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223311911. Would you like to book a table?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?
Yes, I will send the reference number.
I also need a train leaving Peterborough on Wednesday.
Is there any specific time you would like to leave?
yes, I would like to leave after [10:30].
Train TR4535 leaves at 10: 48 and arrives at 11:38. should I book that?
Can you give me the travel time on that?
The travel time is 50 minutes. Can i help with anything else?
That is all I needed today.
Perfect. Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Can you help me find a train leaving Norwich after [13:30]? Thanks.
I sure can. What day do you plan to travel?
Yes, I am traveling on Wednesday.
The TR1892 will get you there by 15:35, just one ticket then?
I need reservations for 7 people and I need the reference number.
I was able to get the tickets the fee is 123.20 gbp payable at the station and the reference number is BIBJ2DS0 . Do you need anymore help today?
Thank you! I am also looking for places to go in the Centre part of town. Can you help me with that, please?
Sure thing, I would suggest the old schools.
What are the [old schools]? Do you mean colleges?
No, old schools is a tourist attraction in the centre. It's located on trinity lane and there's no charge to check it out.
What is the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223332320.
I guess I'll go call them. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Ok, have a great day!


Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before [10:45] too? Thankyou for your time.
I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?
No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.
I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN .
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?
Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
I'd recommend the [acorn guest house]. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
No that's ok. Can I just get the phone number and postcode?
01223353888 is the number, the post code is cb41da. Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all for today thanks !
Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


Are there any trains arriving by [15:15] on Thursday?
I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel, and where is the destination?
I need to go to Broxbourne, I'll be leaving Cambridge.
Okay what day would you like to travel?
I said Thursday.
The TR0071 arrives at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please book for 8 people. I need the reference number. Also, I want information on a restaurant called [Bangkok City].
Your train is booked, ref #46PQOV6Y . Now, what would you like to know about Bangkok City?
yes how did you know? lol. Can I have their phone number please
Their number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye
You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye


He, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants in Cambridge. Can you tell me about some train schedules?
I can help you with both of those things. Let's start with what type of food or what part of town you would like to eat.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with [indian] food?
Yes I have one restaurant matching your criteria called Royal Spice. Would you like their telephone number?
No thanks, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage in Tuesday. I want to arrive before [21:00]
Ok, TR6692 leaves Cambridge at 19:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 20:10. Will this work for you?
Could I get the price of that train please?
That ticket will be 12.80 pounds.
Thanks. Now I think you could help me with an expensive [Italian] restaurant perhaps?
How about [cafe uno] in the centre?
Sounds good. Can you book a reservation for Tuesday at [22:00]?
How many people will be dining at cafe uno?
I need the reservation for three.
Unfortunately I am unable to book at 22:00 at Caffe Uno, do you have another time?
Um I meant [14:45], my mind wandered, who wants dinner two hours before midnight, lol. Same booking but 14:45 please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MRKAMZJM . Anything else I can help with?
thanks alot.that is all i needed for today
Great! glad I could help!


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. It should serve [Sri Lankan] food.
I'm sorry but I have nothing listed. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
I was really hoping for Sri Lankan.
I'm afraid there aren't any Sri Lankan restaurants in town at all. Is there something else I can search for you?
How about [gastropub]?
I found three located in the centre and one on the east. Which would you prefer?
Are they all listed as expensive?
Yes, they are all expensive. backstreet bistro is in the centre area, and royal standard is in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation at either of these?
Could you please give me the phone number for the Royal Standard?
Sure, it's 01223247877.
Okay, thanks. That will do it for today.
You are most welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Can you point me to the nearest police station?
Please call the Parkside police station at 01223358966. They will be able to assist you.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [Jamaican] food.
I'm sorry but i cannot find any Jamaican restaurant located in the south .
Are there ant Jamaican restaurants in any part of town?
Unfortunately there are not. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
How about [Portuguese] food instead?
Nandos is located on the south side at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Awesome, thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?
I have found two that may work. first, la margherita is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves vietnamese at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456
Is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.
Those are the only listings in the west part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?
No thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine. Thank you!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.


Any trains leaving after [18:00]?
There are lots of trains that leave after 18:00. Where would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to the Stansted Airport and leave from Cambridge.
Great! That narrows it down a lot. What day will you be leaving?
We will be leaving on Tuesday. Please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number. Thank you!
OK, you have 4 tickets reserved on TR9495, leaving Cambridge at 18:40 on Tuesday. The total fee at the station will be 40.4GBP, and your reference number is 4LL98NYC .
I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.
Sure. I can assist you with that request. How many nights will you be staying?
i only need the details. is it a 3 star?
[alpha-milton guest house] is the only 3 star hotel fitting your description.
Can I have the address, phone number and the area its in please.
It is in the north, address is 63 Milton Road and the phone number 01223311625. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything for today, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.


Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.
There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
Possibly [Italian] if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at [13:30].
There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?
Let's go with [Pizza Express], can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.
Ok. I was able to book the table for three. Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A .
I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?
You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?
I'm travelling from norwich.
Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by [8:00].
which day do you want to travel?
I want to get there thursday please.
TR4387 arrives at [07:35], would that work for you?
Yeah could I get three tickets please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ .
Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.
ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!


Hello. Could you find a train leaving on Wednesday for me? I need it to arrive by [19:00].
Certainly. Where are you going, and where would you like to depart from?
I will be leaving Cambridge to go to Bishops Stortford.
TR0449 is going to arrive by 18:07 would that work for you?
Sounds good. Could you find me a cheap eatery near there when we arrive?
Sure I'd be happy to find a restaurant. Are you looking for one in the centre area?
Maybe later. What time does my train leave and how much is the ticket?
It leaves at 17:29 and the cost of the ticket is 10.10 pounds.
How long is the travel time going to be?
It will be a 38 minute train ride
That will be all. Thank you.
Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks! Have a great day!
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for something to do in Cambridge, can you help me find something?
I have a lot to do there, any specific types of attractions you would prefer?
I would like to go to a nightclub.
There are 6 night clubs in the city centre. I would recommend [club salsa] which is located at 1 station road.
May I have the phone and please tell me how much it costs to get in.
Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and they can be reached by phone at 07782218745, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and arrives by [21:00] on Saturday at Cambridge.
TR4967 arrives by 20:32 , would you like me to book you passage?
What time does the train depart from Broxbourne, and how long is the travel time? Also, do you know how much it would be?
The train departs from Broxbourne at 19:32 and travels for 60 minutes. The total would be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.
Okay. Enjoy your journey.


Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?
Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area. It has free wifi but no free parking. Would you like me to book you?
No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.
Very good. If we can be of more assistance please let us know. have a good day!
Is [Cityrooms] 4 stars? I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.
It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria.
Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?
I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?
[Alexander Bed and breakfast], can I get the address and hotel type please?
alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for [scudamores punting co], what attraction type is it?
It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?
No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.
Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?
I'd like to leave the hotel by [11:45] please.
Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217 Will that be all?
Excellent. That's all i needed.
I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!


I'm leaving Cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on Monday.
Where would you like to arrive? I have some arriving at london kings cross on monday. There are other arrival places also available.
I need to depart for Birmingham New Street after [20:15]. Thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!
Okay there are several trains that leave after that time to the destination you listed. Would you like a reference number to one of them?
Yes I would like to book for 4 people and I need the reference number.
Would the TR2392 that arrives in birmingham new street by 23:44 be okay for booking?
That would be great thank you. I am also looking for [halal] food located in the Centre. Can you help me find one?
There are no restaurants matching your requirements in that area.
Can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the Centre?
There are several. Do you have any food preferences?
Yes, please tell me about [Italian] food.
There are four expensive Italian restaurants in the centre region: Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, Clowns Cafedon Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. Would you like to try getting a reservation?
I would like to try [Caffe Uno].
What time would you like your reservation for?
I would like the reservation for [14:45] for 4 people on Monday, please.
You are now booked for Cafe Uno. Your reference number is 0CTGEFMD . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
That's all I needed, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.
There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to arrive by [17:00] on Monday.
There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday.
In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.
Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD .
I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?
I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?
Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find.
Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.
Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.
Thank you and have a safe trip.


I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I have a listing for [arbury lodge guesthouse] in the north of town, is that okay?
What is its rating. I need a 4 star hotel?
Yes it is 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need a room booked for 8 people. We will be there for 3 nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find you another guesthouse?
Yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range?
Is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Yes, the same price range as the Arbury Lodge please.
You are booked at [limehouse]. Reference number: ZUP4YPXA .
Okay great. That is all I need.
Sounds wonderful. I hope you have a great day.


I was in a car accident. I need to contact the police, please.
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Yes I'll need their address please.
They are located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you. That's all I need to know for now.
Do you need anything else?
That is all now, thank you. Good bye.
Hope you feel better.


My wallet was stolen. Can I get some help?
You should contact the police at 01223358966. The Parkside Police Station is located in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. I hope everything works out.


I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!
We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town. Do you have any food style or price preference?
I am in the mood for [Lebanese] food.
[Ali Baba] is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm not sure what time I need just yet. Can I get the postcode?
Sure. It's cb21nt. What else can I assist you with today?
I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!
I have the [el shaddai] that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?
Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.
Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG .
Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from [Ali Baba] to [El Shaddai]. I want to leave the restaurant by [05:30].
How many people will be traveling?
I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.
Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.


I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves [international] food.
I'm sorry, there are no international restaurants listed in that area. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any [Italian] restaurants in that part of town?
Yes. [da vinci pizzeria] restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like more information for them?
Yes, the address and phone number please.
Here is the information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?
thank you . good bye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


What is the location of the Parkside Police Station?
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
I may be close by. What is the station's postcode?
They are located in Parkside, Cambridge, post code CB11JG
Thank you for your help. That is all that I need right now.
You're very welcome. Have a great night.


Hello, could you tell me about the swimming attractions around Cambridge. Something pool based please.
The jesus green outdoor pool in north is really nice. Need a phone number?
Actually, I would like the address, please.
Sure their address is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I am also in need of a train that arrives by [10:15] and goes to norwich. Can you please look that up for me.
Sure are you departing from Cambridge?
Yes and I will be travelling on Saturday
Is there a time you need to leave by?
No, not really. But I will need the train ID and departure time.
TR1062 arrives at 9:55. Their departure time is 8:36. There are trains before that one every hour until 5:35.
Thank you so much for your help.
Can I help with anything else today?
no. that is all i needed. thanks. goodbye.
Have a good trip. Goodbye.


I want a place to eat in the west.
Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I have a taste for something [British].
Ok, there are three options in that area. Do you have a certain price range?
I want the most expensive one.
There's Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Which one of the two restaurants do you like?
[Travellers Rest] sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at [17:00] on sunday.
Your table for 2 has been reserved at Travellers Rest and your reference number is BSEJZQE6 . They'll hold the table for 15 minutes past 17:00. Need anything else today?
I also need a train. Leaving Cambridge on Monday.
OK, where are you headed and at what time of day?
i want to go to stevenage
There are several trains going to stevenage on Monday, do you have a time preference?
I would like to get there by [21:30].
Okay, we have train's leaving at 05:21 and every hour after for seven hours. Would you like to book one?
Just book one that will get me to Stevenage by 21:30 please. 2 Tickets, just like dinner.
Your tickets are booked for train TR9082. The total fee is 25.6 GBP. Your reference number is WSUH42EM . Is there anything else?
Thank you for the booking and reference number. I'll let you know if I need anything else.
it was my pleasure to help. goodbye.


What is there to do in the centre of town?
There are 44 attractions. What type of attraction do you want to visit?
Possibly a theatre?
I have a listing for 4 in that area,can I recommend adc theatre?
Ok, what's the phone number for that place?
You can reach [ADC] at 01223300085. Is there any other information I can get for you today?
What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb58as and the address is park street. Enjoy your visit!
Thanks! I also need some help finding a hotel on the east side.
How about the [express by holiday inn cambridge]? It is on the east side & has parking and wifi.
What star is it ?
It is a 2 star. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks for all the help today, that's all I needed. Good bye.
Let us know if we can help more.


I am looking for a train from Stevenage for a trip to Cambridge.
There are several trains to your specifications. What day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Wednesday after [10:45]
The earliest train that meets your needs is TR6473, leaving at 11:54 and arriving in cambridge at 12:43. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes I would. There are 3 of us traveling. Could we get a private area on the train?
Certainly, do you have a price range in mind?
For the train, no. And I made a mistake. I only need a booking for 1 person.
Not a problem at all. Booking for one person was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8WYSLEG0 . Anything else today?
I also need a place to dine. I'm looking for something cheap in the south.
I have found 2 options for you: The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese food, and Nandos, which serves Portuguese food. Shall I make a reservation for one of them?
Please book [Nandos].
Sure. What say and time are you thinking? And for how many people?
Actually, I'll take care of the reservation. Can I just get the phone number and address for Nandos, please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help with anything else?
No, that was all the information I needed. Thanks so much. Have a good day.
You too, goodbye.


Please find me a [corsica] restaurant.
There are no corsica restaurants. Would you like something else?
Are there any [gastropub] restaurants?
There are multiple gastropub restaurants. What area are you looking for?
I don't care
There are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the area, address, and phone number of the moderately priced one please?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is located in the city centre on Corn Exchange Street and the number there is 01223 308871. How else may I help you?
Thank you goodbye.
good day!


I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.
I have 5 hotels in Cambridge that match your request. Is there a particular area of town you are interested in? East? Centre? west? south?
Any area should be fine. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
Ok. All five hotels have both free parking and wifi. How does the [university arms hotel] sound?
It sounds expensive. Can I have the phone number and area please?
It is in the centre are and the phone number is 0122351241. May I help you with anything else today?
I also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.
How about [The Man on the Moon]? It's a concerthall.
That sounds great. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?
Phone number is 01223474144, and postcode is cb12lf
Thank you. I am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.
That should be easy, I just need a time and which place you will be leaving from.
I want to leave [Man on the Moon] at [24:30] and go to the [University Arms Hotel].
I have booked you a white Lexus that will arrive by 24:30. The contact number for your driver is 07122328188. Anything else for you today?
That's all for me, thank you for your help.
I'm glad I could be of help.


I have some questions about attractions, today.
What type of questions do you have. I have 79 attractions available what are you looking for and in what area?
I want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.
Are you looking for a museum to visit? Or would you prefer a college?
Surprise me :) I need the address, postcode and the entrance fee. I also need a [vegetarian] restaurant with a moderate price range.
I would recommend [churchhill college]. It's free to enter. The address is storey's way. The post code is cb30ds. What area should the restaurant be in?
i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.
I'm sorry, I have no vegetarian restaurants available. Is there something else you would be interested in?
Could you look for an [Indian] restaurant?
There is an indian restaurant called [Meghna] in the west. It's moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table?
No just provide me their address and phone number.
sure they are located at 205 Victoria Rd Chesterton, phone is 01223727410, something else today?
I'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.
Where do you want to depart and arrive and what time?
I'm going to need to leave the museum by [9:00].
Your are booked, look for a red volvo, if you need to contact them, their number is 07134286519, any further questions?
Thank you so much. I don't think I have any questions right now.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


I need a train to cambridge that leaves after [13:30].
There are several trains that are going to Cambridge at that time where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.
Train TR4840 leaves at 14:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
First, I'd like to know the arrival time for it.
That train arrives at 14:58. Is there any other information you need before making your decision?
No, thanks. I also need a room in the north with free parking.
There are 2 hotels and several guest houses available in that area. Is there a particular price range you need?
As long as it is 2-star rated and moderately priced, I'm pretty flexible about all the rest.
Okay we have the ashley hotel, would you like a booking?
Yes, please book the [Ashley] for 2 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The Reference number is YN5OGYA7 . What else can I do for you?
That should be all I need. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Would you like for me to go ahead and book train TR4840 for you?
No thank you. Good bye.
Enjoy your trip!


I was hoping to dine at a [korean] restaurant while in Cambridge.
We have a Korean restaurant at 108 Regent St. City center, would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?
The price range of Little Seoul, the Korean restaurant, is expensive.
Is that in the centre area? If so I'd like a reservation for 7 on Friday please.
Yes [Little Seoul] is in the centre area, what time would you like for your reservation?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
Sure. What time would you like your reservation?
Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at [15:45]?
I sure can. I have your table booked.
what is the reference number?
Your reference number is A5LITXVZ and they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Will you be needing other assistance?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave after [13:30] and should leave on Monday.
Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am departing from Cambridge and need to get to Norwich.
The closest train to your departure time is at 13:36 for train number TR3325. Do you want that booking?


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?
I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.
I can suggest the [avalon] located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?
It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?
Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is ZG7G439M . Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.
There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?


I'm looking for a hotel called the [a and b guest house]. Can you help me out?
Yes, what would you like to know about it?
I'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on Friday. We will be in town for 4 nights.
I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is XUSQ4E7T . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train that leaves after [9:30]
I can help with that. What are your departure and arrival stations please?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Peterborough, on Tuesday please.
How about TR9522? It leaves at 09:34.
That sounds good. Could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?
Train TR9522 departs at 09:34 and arrives at 10:24. The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. Can I have the reference number as well?
7KKKCLIP is the reference number.
Thank you so much for all your help today.
Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No, that is all I will be needing. Thanks again. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye


I'm looking for information on trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge.
There are many trains departing throughout the day, which day were you looking to leave?
Tursday, leaving after [17:00], please.
The TR1828 departs Broxbourne at 17:32, arrives in Cambridge at 18:32. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. I would like a booking for 5 people and the reference number once the booking has been confirmed.
Reference number is : VRSU89VK . at the price of 89.5 GBP
I'm also looking for a college to see in the centre area. Can you give me some matches to this criteria?
I have 13 colleges listed in the centre. Christ's college and downing college both have free admission.
[Christ's college] sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode and phone number please?
Yes. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.
That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [korean] food
I'm sorry, there are no Korean restaurants in the north part of town. Can I help you find anything else?
How about any area?
[little seoul] is in the centre and serves korean food
What is the address and price range?
Little Seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre and is an expensive restaurant. Do you want the phone number?
No thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Hi, can you give me information on trains? I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on Sunday, heading to Cambridge.
Yes, there are several leaving every 2 hours. The ride is 88 minutes long. Can I reserve a seat for you?
Can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at Cambridge by [20:30]?
I have one arriving at 19:07 would that be okay?
Yes. What is the price and train ID of that one?
The trainID is TR8260 and the price is 13.28 pounds. You said you wanted one seat reserved for this train?
Yes please. I am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant.
I have several places, which type of food do you prefer?
I don't have a preference, but I'd like to book the same day for 2 people at [13:15]. I also need the reference number.
What date would you like the reservation for?
On Sunday as well. May I also have the reference number please?
I reserved you a table at [Graffiti]. It's a great british restaurant in the west. Your reference number is SSXX4DVL . Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. Appreciate your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train to stevenage, leaving on Sunday.
Train TR8464 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10. Would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave some time after [14:30], and I'll be traveling to Cambridge.
There are many trains at that time, where are you leaving from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.
the 1st train out of cambridge going to stevenage is at 15:21 arriving at 16:10. shall I get a ticket for you?
Before we do that are there any attractions that feature a swimming pool in town?
Yes, there are 2 in the north, 1 in the east and 1 in the centre. Which would you be interested in?
What is the name, entrance fee, and phone number of the one in the center?
The name is Parkside Pools. The entrance fee is not listed in our database, but you could probably get it by calling them at 01223446100.
Do you have entrance fees for any of the others?
Actually none of the pools in our database have an entrance fee listed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all the information I need today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. Can you help me?
The next train departs Peterborough on Friday at 05:19 and scheduled to arrive in Cambridge by 06:09. Do you want a different departure time?
I'd like to leave after [11:45] on Thursday, please.
There's a train scheduled on Thursday from Peterborough to Cambridge, leaving at 11:19 and arriving at 12:09. Will this work for you?
With our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. Is there one leaving later?
There is a train that leaves at [12:19] will that work?
That sounds great. Can you please book 7 tickets on that one?
Booking was successful. Reference number is 3854SJZ8 . Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. Yes, I do need a place to dine. I would like an expensive restaurant in the north.
Do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
Any type is fine. I'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.
I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is a French restaurant in the north. The telephone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book a reservation?
What type of food is it?
As mentioned before they are French.
Thank you. I missed that before. Screaming kids, you know.
Yes, I can hear them. How else can I help you today?
Thank you so much for your help.
Happy to help, goodbye..


I'm looking for this restaurant called [city stop restaurant]
i've got their information, what would you like to know?
I need their postcode and price range.
City Stop Restaurant is in the expensive price range and their postcode is cb41uy. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at please.
There are 4 places that fit what you are looking for. Do you need me to narrow down the list for you?
Do any of those places include free parking?
Hamilton lodge is 3 stars with free parking and internet located at 156 chesterton road. Phone 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?


I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.
There are 24 guesthouse listings. What area would you like to stay in?
I like the south part of town and should include free wifi
I have the aylesbray lodge, bridge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like to book one today?
Does either have free parking?
Yes, they both do. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for Thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.
I was able to book [aylesbray lodge guest house] for you. Your reference number is NIFUTFQF .
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?
There are 5 expensive restaurants on the south side. You can pick from Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican. Mexican one is [chiquito restaurant bar].
[Mexican] sounds good. Please book it for the same day --Thursday and for the same three people at [17:30].
Your booking was successful they will hold your table for 15mins. Your reservation number is YOLN1H2G . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect, thanks! Can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? I'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
aylesbray lodge guest house to chiquito restaurant bar Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow bmw Contact number : 07430668137
Thanks a lot goodbye
Would that be all?


I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.
For that price range, I have several guesthouses. Do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in?
Yes, I'd really like to stay on the west end of the city. Anything available there?
How about [Hobsons House]? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the west end.
Does that place have free wifi?
Yes the place provides free wifi.
Thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on Sunday? May I also get a reference number?
Your booking was successful and reference number is Q1P81Y9Z . Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks, that is all.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.


Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?
i have many options for you. are you looking in a particular area?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the north.
That narrowed it down a little bit. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel please. I also need free parking.
I have 2 hotels that have what you are asking for. Both are 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge.
Can you book a room at the [Ashley] for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on Tuesday.
Ok, you have the rooms. Reference number is : HX250ZFS . Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.
Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
i just want to get there by [19:00]
Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne.
Okay the TR7598 leaves at 16:32 and arrives at 17:32.
Can you book that train for five people?
I sure can. That total charge is 89.5 GBP and the reference number is OTQM5TP5 .
Great, thanks for all of your help today. I won't be needing any further help. Bye.
No thank you that will be all


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay, and what kind of information can I retrieve for you today?
I need to know if any trains are running to Broxbourne on Saturday that arrive by [10:30].
TR1997 leaves Cambridge at 09:01 on Saturday and arrives in broxbourne at 10:01. Will that work for you?
Great can you get me 8 tickets please?
I was able to book you. Your reference number is E7AJ44N7 .
I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.
we have quite a few when were you planning your stay?
Do any of them have free wifi?
Yes there is internet.
Ok great, I need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the Monday.
I'd be happy to help with your request, which place did you want to book a room at? There are 18 results and all have free wifi.
You can just pick one for me. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I need a room Monday for 5 nights and 8 people.
Okay, I've booked your room for 8 people starting on Monday at the A&B Guest House. Your reference number is C6M738RF . Anything else for you today?
No, that will be all. Thanks. You've been a great help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Please provide more specifics so I can help you.
Can I get some information on [milton country park]?
Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.
Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?
It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?
I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by [12:15]. Can you help with that?
There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?
No. Just one that can fit 5 people.
Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55.
Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.
Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV . The price is 70.40pounds
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.
Thank you for using our service!


I am looking for an attraction in the centre of Cambridge.
There are several attractions in the town centre. Are you looking for a particular type?
Yes, please find any museums in the town centre.
There is the [Whipple Museum of the History of Science] located in the town centre, on free school lane. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
I need the postcode. Also, is there any place in town serving [barbeque]?
The museum's post code is cb23rh. Sadly, there are no restaurants serving barbeque. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
I am also interested in a moderately priced place I can get barbeque.
I do apologize there are no restaurants serving barbecue. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
Are there any places that serve [gastropub] food?
Yes, The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] is a moderately priced gastropub in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Sure! For 5 people at [13:45] on Sunday please. Thank you!
They are not available for that time, is there another day and or time that you would like me to check?
Sure, would [12:45] be available?
Alright, you're booked for 12:45. Your reference number is DXMY5V92 .
I would also like to book a taxi that arrives by [12:45] to the restaurant. I would also like its contact number and car type.
I was able to get a blue lexus and their number is 07087322851
Perfect. Thank you very much for your help.
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. Would you be able to help me find one?
Sure! What area would you like to stay?
I would like to stay in the north. I would also like the guesthouse to have free parking and wifi.
How about the acorn guesthouse?
It has free parking and wifi? Sounds great.
How many nights would you like to book it for?
Just get me their phone number.
The phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks. I could also use some help finding out about a train going into Cambridge.
I will need departure city, time of arrival or departure and day of travel please.
Day of travel is Tuesday and departure city is Ely and to arrive by [12:45]
I have train TR3412 that arrives at 11:52 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you give me the departure time and price, please?
It departs at 11:35, and costs 4.40 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all I needed. Thanks!
Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Thank you! Goodbye.


Tell me a good nightclub.
Sure, there are 6 fantastic nightclubs in Cambridge. They're located in the centre or south. Would you like more information?
Yes, please may I have the postcode for the first one listed?
Sure. Ballare is in the centre, postcode cb23na. Anything else I can do?
Yes. I would like an expensive restaurant in the same area.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of cambridge - are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
Yes. I would like a [French] restaurant please.
There is a delicious french restaurant called Cote. Would you like a reservation?
I actually need a place serving [modern european] food, please.
There is one expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves modern european food. Would you like me to book you a table at [Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop]?
Yes, please book at table for 4 at [19:15] on Saturday.
I have your reservation all set. Your reference number is X0TX9LWM . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
That's everything I needed. Thanks!
Glad I could help! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.


I want to get a taxi to pick me up from the [Cambridge train station] please.
What time would you like to depart at?
I'd like to leave after [09:15].
Where is it that you would like to go?
I want to go to [county folk museum]
I have booked a white volvo to leave at 9:15 from Cambridge train station. Your contact number is 07504297575
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.
There are 6, 3 start hotels in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for the part of town it is located in?
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.
Okay, I've got two that fit the bill. One in the centre of town and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
I do, yes. I would like to stay in the center of town. I need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting Wednesday afternoon.
I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a reservation for you. Would you be willing to book a later day or would you be willing to have a shorter stay?
Lets try just booking it for one night.
I apologize. One night is not working either. There are guesthouses.
What about the 4 star hotels?
I do have a four star hotel in the centre of town, but it is also unable to accommodate your guests for 3 days. Can you adjust your length of stay?
Can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on wednesday?
I reserved Wednesday night at the [University Arms Hotel] for 5 people. Your reference number is GM90EY8A . Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after [18:30] from kings lynn to cambridge.
Sure I will be able to book you a train, on what particular day will you want to travel?
same day as my hotel booking.
How many tickets do you need?
Great! I will need 5 tickets.
You are booked for Train Tr5556, your reference number is JA6WAOJC .
Thank you. What's the travel time?
travel time is 47 minutes
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thanks!
No trouble at all, I hope you have a wonderful stay!


I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by [17:00].
I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?
I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.
TR1584 arrives by 10:55. That should give you plenty of time.
Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?
Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S .
Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
[Modern Eclectic] please
I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?
No, but an expensive [Mediterranean] place in the center of town would work.
What price range? I have a few options for you.
Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.
There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
I've heard great things about [La Mimosa]. Can you book a table for all of us at [10:00] on the day we arrive?
Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10 .
Thank you for booking that for me.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


What is the address to the hospital in Cambridge?
Address is Hills Road. Is there anything else?
Can I also get their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you! Can you also help me find a hotel?
I sure can. What kind of hotel are you interested in, in what part of town and what's your price range?
I'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.
We have 3 hotels and 16 guesthouses across town to choose from! Do you have any preferences?
I would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending Wednesday and Thursday night.
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
Well, I was going to visit [Christ college] so same area is that. I forgot to ask you earlier, I always confuse hospitals and colleges.
Christ College is in the Centre. Would you like me to look for a hotel there?
it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
I have found a guesthouse and a hotel in the Centre near Christ College. The guest house is priced cheap and the hotel is expensive. Do you need a booking?
Please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.
I have made reservations for your party of 8 at the [U[niversity Arms Hotel]]. Your reference is JN4ZA7ED . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.
How many people will be traveling?
8 people will be traveling.
What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave by [21:00].
Okay! You'll be picked up in a grey Toyota, and the phone number is 07183775918. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
What else can I look up for you?
no Have a nice day.
Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I want a train that leaves on wednesday.
Okay, I'd be happy to book that for you. Where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from New Street in Birmingham
How about train TR0014, leaving at 05:40?
I need to make sure that I will arrive by [09:15]?
Yeah, that train will get you there by 8:23.
Great. I'm also looking for information on the [Ugly Duckling] restaurant.
The Ugly Duckling is a fantastic [Chinese] place in the center of town. It's expensive, but worth it. I'd be happy to book a table, if you like.
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 1 at [15:15] on the same day as the train.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QLK6MOBC . You are all set! Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's it. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after [18:00]?
Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.
I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KHBLJGHN . Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?
The area of town is not important, but I would like a hotel with free parking and four stars.
I have the [allenbell] would you like information on that?
Yes please. Can you tell me anything about it- How big are the rooms? Do they offer suites?
I don't have that information in front of me I can give their phone number
Yes, I need the phone number please!
01223210353 is the phone number
Could you go ahead and book me the guesthouse?
What day would you like the reservation to be on?
I am not looking to book just yet, actually. Just please find information on guesthouse in the cheap price range.
I have several to choose from is there an area you'd prefer?
It needs 4 stars please.
Ok! I highly suggest the [Leverton House]. What information are you looking for?
I just need their phone number please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223292094. Can I be of further assistance?
No thank you that is all I needed.
You are welcome, have a good day.


I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.
Do you have any other preferences, such as a price range or a particular part of town?
Indeed I do. I'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. The hotel should have a 4 star rating.
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a match! Would you like me to book a room?
So that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? And do they have free parking?
Yes, it's a hotel that has free parking. Should I make a booking for you?
No thank you. I also would like a place to go in town.
I see many art galleries and museums in that part of town, do you have a preference for one over the other?
I am looking for a college.
There are several colleges,what part of town would you like ?
It doesn't matter, pick one for me? I'll just need the address.
Okay, I suggest clare hall. It is in the west. The address is herschel road. Entrance is free.
Thanks. Now I just need a taxi to pick me up at [22:00] from the [Huntingdon Marriott] and take me to [Clare Hall]. I'll need car type and contact number
Your car is booked. The care type is a blue toyota. Your contact number is 07372726556
Thank you. That is it for now.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north.
I have two hotels meeting your criteria. [Ashely Hotel] located at 74 Chesterton road and Lovell Lodge located at 365 Milton road.
I would like to book at 74 Chesterton Road.
Great, how many people will be staying? Also, how many days you will be staying?
Wait, before we do that I should probably check on the prices. What sort of room rates am I looking at?
It appears to be in the moderate price range. Would that work for you?
Yes that would work
Okay great, so how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
There will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from Monday.
I was able to book your stay at ashley motel. Your reference number is KJHYRDCA . Is there anything else today?
Okay thank you for everything.
Thank you, enjoy your stay.


I need to book a taxi from [Saint Johns Chop House] to [Williams Art and Antiques] please.
Not a problem, I will need your preferred pick up and arrival times in order to book your cab.
The taxi should leave by [3:15].
I have booked a taxi for you! The car is a yellow honda. The contact number is 07799036655. Is there anything else you need today?
I'm sorry, could you make sure the taxi is actually leaving after 3:15? I made an error earlier.
No problem, a blue lexus will pick you up at [3:20]. The contact number is 07581540721. Will there be anything else?
That should be perfect!
It was a pleasure to help you.
Thank you so much!
Thank you let me know if you need anything else.


I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve [Australian] food in the centre.
Unfortunately, there are not. Do you want me to run another search?
What about an expensive restaurant in the centre?
Sure I have many types of cuisine to choose from: African, French, Asian Oriental, British, European..any preference?
I'd be interested in any serving [British] food.
Okay, how about [midsummer house restaurant] located at midsummer common?
Sounds great. Please book me a table for Wednesday at [16:00] for 5 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W3Y6OCL8 .
Thank you, I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. Can you find me one?
Sure i will find you one thanks i lot and welcome again


Are there good hotels that you can book?
Yes we have 33 locations, do you have any requirements?
I need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.
That cuts it down to 17 possibilities. Can you tell me the area of town you are interested in staying?
I want the north area.
I have two 2-star hotels available. If you'd like something rated more highly, there are also several guesthouse options that would meet your needs. Any preferences?
Are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Tuesday, with free parking? Hopefully, near some attractions too. Oh, and I almost forgot, may I get a reference number?
I booked the [Acorn Guesthouse] for you. Reference number is B1QXF4T2 . Did you need to look up some attractions?
Yes please. What do you have in the same area as the hotel?
We have boating, a park, and two swimming pools. Do you want more information on any of these?
Boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? I also need the phone number and address.
The entrance fee for riverboat georgina is only available at the location but it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and you can reach them at 01223902091.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to take me from [Acorn Guesthouse] to the [R[iverboat Georgina]] by [20:15]?
You are all set. Look for a red Ford, contact number 07682372972. May I be of any further assistance today?
I have everything I need. Thanks for all your help!
Okay great, have a nice day!


I am looking for a hotel call [arbury lodge guesthouse].
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is located at 82 Arbury Road in the north side of Cambridge. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please, a reference number would be great!
Okay, I can help you with that. What day do you plan to check in?
i want to check in on tuesday
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : OE6IHAT2 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.
There are five. Three that are free, and two that have an entrance fee.
Get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.
Well then should I search for a college in the north instead, if you want it close to your hotel?
Make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you
I'm sorry for the confusion, which college do you want a contact number for?
that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may I know the address as well?
There are not any colleges located in the north actually.
none in the west, I talked so someone earlier
None in the north 5 in the west, I personally recommend [churchill college] entrance is free, any further questions?
Could you give me the address and phone number?
Their address is storey's way and their phone is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Which will be your departure site? What time do you want to leave or to arrive?
I will need to be picked up at the hotel by [4:45] to arrive at the college on tuesday.
All set, the car is a white volvo, Contact number is 07321652724, any other questions?
No I believe we got everything covered today.Thanks. Goodbye.
Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything else.


I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.
That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday please.
Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.
Oops. Sorry. My travel day is Monday not Sunday. What do you have for that day.
There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination?
My arrival destination is Cambridge.
Okay when would you like to leave by?
I want to arrive by [15:45]
What is your departure site?
Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number
TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?
Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it.
I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?
Yea that is okay THank you
Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI . Can I assist you with anything else today?
no thanks that's all
Thank you for using our service today!


Are there any [British] restaurant that serve moderate priced food?
There are 5 available. Do you prefer the area of centre or west?
I don't care, just local.
[Saint johns chop house] is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west of town.
Could you book a table for 8 at [19:45] on Tuesday?
I found this restaurant. This is at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Thank you. Could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on Tuesday?
Absolutely! Your reference number is T4M08E7A . Anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. Is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.
We have 21 entries that match that criteria. Do you have a further preference?
As long as I can book it for eight people I do not have a preference otherwise
Alright. Let's just try to narrow it down a bit. Does the price range matter?
The price range does not matter. It needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.
There are 2 choices that match. I would recommend [Finches Bed and Breakfast] as it meets your criteria, is cheap and has 4 stars. Shall I book it?
Yeah, I've heard good stuff about Finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? I need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.
What day would you like your reservation and for how many nights? Also, how many guests will there be?
There'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on Tuesday.
How many days would you like to stay?
We will be staying 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies at that time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?
Would it be available for just one night?
Yes, you're booked for one night with reference number RAHZVKVN . How else may I assist you?
Oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel leaving at [21:45]?
Ok. A white ford will pick you up at Saint Johns Chop House at 21:45. The contact number is 07368759455. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!


Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?
What hotel are you interested in?
It is called [home from home]. I was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.
Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.
Thanks, that is all I need on the hotel but can I book a train from cambridge to stevenage, I need to arrive by [20:45] and leave at [05:00].
I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the departure time and price please
leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds


Am looking for the nearest police station
It looks like the Parkside Police Station is closest to your location, does this sound right?
That looks right. What is the phone number for that location?
Telephone : 01223358966 there you go
Thank you. That's all I need.
Thank you for using our services.


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. What is the phone number and address?
restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town. their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to go. preferably a museum in west.
There are several museums in the west. Is there a particular type of museum you are interested in?
No, I'd just like it to be in the west. Can you pick one and provide a phone number?
Ok, the [Lynne Strover Gallery] is free. The phone number is 01223295264. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I am looking for a train on friday that should depart from cambridge.
There are over 200 trains leaving from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have departure time and destination?
Yes, I want to go to bishops stortford and leave after [20:00] please.
TR4664 departs at 21:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
I was first wondering the price of that train and what time it arrived. Oh! I also forgot to ask for the postcode of the Gallery!
No problem. The gallery's postcode is cb30aq and the train to Bishops Stortford is 10.10 pounds per ticket and will arrive by 22:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please! Can I get the arrival time and train ID, please?
The arrival time is 22:07 and the trainID is TR4664.
Thank you, this is very helpful.
Would you like me to book this train for you?
No that is not necessary. Thanks for your help, that's all I need for today.
Thank you for using this system.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [vegetarian] food.
There is not a restaurant matching your request. Would you like another restaurant?
Yes, how about [european] food instead.
[cambridge lodge restaurant] is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west .
Could I have their phone number and address?
Cambridge Lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
thank you good bye
glad we could help!


I'm looking for a place to stay, I would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.
We have lots of those. Did you have something a little more specific in mind?
Whatever you'd recommend. I would prefer free parking and wifi, though.
I like the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Can I get you some more information on that one?
no, let's just book it.
Sounds like a plan. May please get the number of guests, the day of arrival, and how many nights you will be staying?
I would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
Booking was successful, your reference number is RKEFYHM0 . Will that be all?
Can you also find an attraction called [Milton Country Park]?
Yes it is located at milton country park, milton and the postcode is cb46az
Could you tell me what kind of attraction that is?
Sure. Milton Country Park is a park. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye
Thank you, have a good day.


Where do I get info on hotels?
You can get information here, through our help desk.
A hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. I would like one in the moderate price range.
The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge meet that criteria, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the The [Ashley Hotel] for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
I was successful in making your reservation. Your reference number is 2W4KNZYJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.
The [Riverboat Georgina] would work. It's in the north. Do you need more information?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode.
The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Okay thank you that is all I need.
Yeah, happy to assist. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I really have to run. I'm late for work. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I'll need a taxi to pick me up today after [02:45]
Certainly. Can you tell me your departure and destination locations?
I'm departing from [nusha] and I want to go to [pizza hut city centre].
You're all set! Booked car type : yellow tesla Contact number : 07359534792
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.
We are glad to help. Do you need any further assistance?
Thats perfect that you for your help
Have a wonderful day.


I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.
Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.
Do any of them have an entrance fee?
Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.
Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by [20:00].
I also need to know you departure location please.
The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!
Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58.
Can I book that for 4 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH .
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else.
Thanks for all your help
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


What is there to do or see for entertainment?
There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.
What is in the centre?
There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?
If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?
Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't mind paying admission.
OKay then I would suggest [great saint mary's church]
Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?
Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in.
Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.
The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?
I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?
Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.
of how many stars do you prefer?
I have no preference.
The [Avalon] is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people.
I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?
Saturday or tuesday.
Which day do you prefer?
I would prefer Saturday please.
do you want to book for one day?
I want five nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : G1KVK1RL
Thanks. I will also need a taxi from [great saint mary's church] to the [Avalon] guesthouse.
When do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the church by [12:00], please.
Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our service today.


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] is in the west part of town, and it serves European food.
Thank you. Can I have the address please?
Yes. Their address is 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you. I would like their price range and phone number as well please.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Enjoy your dining experience.


Can you tell me about any [german] restaurants in the east part of the city?
I'm not finding a German restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like me to try other parts of town?
yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the east as well.
There are 9 restaurants in the east, including british, chinese, gastropub, indian, international and italian. Do you need more information?
[Indian] sounds good.
There are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town ranging from moderate to expensive. Do you have a preference?
Can you book a table at your favorite expensive one? There will be 4 of us at [15:15] on Friday.
the [sitar] tandoori seems appropriate. i have booked it for you.
i am also looking for a place to stay
I'm sorry, I forgot to confirm your reservation at Pipasha Restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number : CF1YTOAV . What type of hotel would you like?
Expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 4 star, please.
I have two hotels that fit your criteria. Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the west, and the University Arms Hotel is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
How about [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]? I need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.
Ok. I reserved those rooms for you. Your reference number is FWZ4XMJO .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Have a lovely visit. Goodbye.


I need some recommendations for attractions in Cambridge at the centre, what would you suggest?
Is there a specific type of attraction you are most interested in? The centre has many different kinds of attractions from museums to theaters. Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference. May I please have some suggestions?
If you're in the mood for boating there is The Cambridge Punter at 251a Chesterton Road, or maybe a movie? The Vue Cinema is at Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you also provide me with the postcodes for these establishments?
Yes All Saints Church is at jesus lane and is free


Hi there, I'm trying to find a train that leaves from Leicester but it must be [after 11:15.] Can you help me book a ticket?
I see there is a train on Friday that leaves leicester at 14:09 to Cambridge, could you book me a ticket for this train?
Please book me a ticket for that train.
Did you only need one ticket?
I just need the train ID please.
The train ID is TR6247, would you like to book a seat?
No thank you. That's not necessary. Can you help me find an [indian] restaurant in the centre of town?
I have 9 restaurants in that area. May I ask what your budget for lunch is?
Nothing expensive please.
There are three cheap resturants int hat area, kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge.
The Ghandi sounds nice. Can I get their address? And they are a cheap restaurant, right?
Yes, [the gandhi] is in the cheap price range. Their address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, their information is enough at this time. Do they have a phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223353942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.
I have a 12:09 that arrives at 13:54. Would that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Could I get the train ID?
The train ID is TR8882. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all for now.
The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Have a great day!


Do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. I would like it to be expensive please.
Is there any particular cuisine you prefer?
No, I'm not particular in fact I would like to try something exotic. Can you also give me the address please?
I recommend Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the same area as the restaurant.
Cityroomz looks like a good fit. Would you like to book that?
Hmm, that name doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. How many stars is it rated?
Cityroomz is rated as zero stars. If you're looking for something more highly regarded the Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and the University Arms gets 4. Do those sound better?
What price range is the [University of Arms] in?
The University Arms Hotel is in the expensive price range.
Would you like to book that?
Do you need any more information about the University Arms Hotel?
Yes, just give me their phone number if I want to reserve something I'll call them myself.
The phone number is 01223351241. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please confirm for me if the hotel has free wifi and what part of town it is in? Thanks.
The hotel has free internet and is in the center. The address is regent street cb21ad.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!
Great, thank you for using our service. Have a great day.


Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating. It's at Back Lane, cambourne. Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.
There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.
There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend [home from home] it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that.
Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please?
Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.
Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK . Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.
no that will be all.
Thank you and have a great day.


Please have a taxi pick me up from [r[iverboat georgina]]
Ok, What time do you want to be picked up?
I want to be picked up at riverboat georgina around [11:15]. I need to get to [cambridge arts theatre]. What is the car type and the contact number?
Ok, what time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [11:15].
Your taxi has been booked, you will be riding a white tesla with the contact number 07492127564. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else for now. Thank you for booking the taxi. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for the [gonville hotel]. Can you help me?
Yes, would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it?
Could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday?
There are no rooms available for that time. Can I find a different hotel for you?
Yes,please try South part of town,thank you.
I can book a room for you at [bridge guest house]. Your reference number is C147JV9N . Will that be okay?
That's great. Thank you.
Okay is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be it. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!


I need a taxi from [thanh binh].
Great. I can help with that. What will your destination be?
[Prezzo] is my destination
Your booking is complete, a grey honda will pick you up.
Thats perfect that you for your help
Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant.
What type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for unusual food. And I want a place in the centre of town.
I don't have anything matching unusual but I do have an African restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs. Would either interest you?
I'll take something that is cheap.
There are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is there another type you would like to try?
Do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest?
I would recommend golden house
Is that [Italian]? I would like an Italian restaurant, please.
Okay, how about the [pizza hut city centre]? I heard it's pretty good.
Okay, that sounds good. I need to make a reservation for 2 people on Tuesday.
What time would you like to visit?
How about [13:15]?
I was able to book the table for you. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 97AAF776 .
That's great, thank you.
Awesome. Have a good day!


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves [European] food.
I show 5 listings. Would you like a certain area of town?
No specific area, but I would like it for Friday.
Okay, I recommend [City Stop Restaurant]. What time would you like the reservation for and for how many people?
I'd like to make reservations for 7 people at [11:15] on Friday please.
You have a table reserved for 7 on Friday at 11:15. Your reference number is V2IWL8VW .
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train for Friday that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [08:15].
And where will you be coming from?
I'll be coming from Peterborough. All 7 of us will need tickets for the train.
TR0035 arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, please include the reference number.
Yes of course, the reference number for the train is MU82CCWU .
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


Can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] is a 4 star hotel with Internet in the west. Would you like me to make a booking?
Is the place expensive?
Yes it is an expensive, I have listings for another place that is cheap if that is what you need.
I would prefer the expensive hotel. Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
I was unable to book the hotel for that day. Would you like to try the cheap hotel?
No, I'd like to keep looking for an expensive hotel.
Is there a certain area you would like it to be in?
North part of town,please.
I was able to successfully book you at the [university arms hotel], the reference number is 1F6HEPGZ .
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
No problem. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that will be all for today, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for a place called [Cherry Hinton Water Play]
It's located on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also need their postcode.
the postcode is cb18dw
I'm also looking for a restaurant. Do you have anything cheap that serves [Indian] food?
Yes, we have cheap Indian restaurants in both the centre and northern parts of town. Do you have any preferences?
Can you suggest one thats in the north? I would just need the name and address please. Thanks.
How does [royal spice] sound? They're on Victoria Avenue in Chesterton.
I would need a taxi to travel to [cherry hinton water play] from the restaurant.
What time do you need that taxi?
I want to leave [royal spice] by [11:45] please
A blue tesla will pick you at 11:45 from royal spice. There contact number is 07346133095. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by [18:30]?
Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from?
I will be departing kings lynn.
The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.
I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM .
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.
I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please
Ok I will book it for you


I would like a 3-star hotel with free WiFi, please.
Yes, there are 5 different options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
I don't have a particular area in mind but I do also need free parking please.
How about the [hamilton lodge]. It is in the north of town and meets your requirements including parking.
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday
Your booking was successful, the reference number is CUY4J5PR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap [Chinese] food restaurant. Can you recommend one?
Sure, there are 4 options. I recommend charlie chan. would you like a booking?
I should have mentioned I am looking for a restaurant in the centre. Sorry about that.
Okay, the three results are the same. I still recommend [charlie chan]. Do you need more help today?
Yes, please book that restaurant for me. It'll be 7 people on wednesday at [14:45]. I'll definitely need a reference number.
I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time. Do you have another time that will work?
Thanks for trying. Let's do Thursday, please.
Booking is all set your ref number is 05MF6IQL
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Thank you enjoy the rest of your day!


I will be going to Cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.
We have many moderately-priced places to stay! Are you interested in staying in a particular area?
No, but I definitely want a four star hotel.
we have a variety. if we can narrow down by need of internet and parking
Actually are any of them 4 stars?
Yes, 11 of them are 4-star hotels. Do you need one with internet and/or parking?
i'd like free parking.
I would recommend the [kirkwood house], located on the north side of town at 172 chesterton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Not yet, but I would like the postcode.
The postcode for the Kirkwood House is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the centre.
The center offers architecture, colleges, boats, cinema, concert halls, museums, nightclubs, parks and theatres. What appeals to you?
How about a concert hall?
[The Man on the Moon] is the only concert hall in the area of centre. I have no info on their entrance fee but their phone is 01223447144.
Thank you. Can I also get the address and postcode?
the address is 2 norfolk street and the postcode is cb12lf. any other information you'd like to have?
Thank you for your help. That's all for today.
Have a wonderful time.
Thank you, take care!
Enjoy your stay!


I need to catch a train in Broxbourne on Wednesday.
What time would you like to leave Broxbourne?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [17:15] please.
There is a train arriving in Cambridge by 7:32.
Train ID please and thank you
I'd suggest TR5972, it departs at 15:32 arrives by 16:32. It costs 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Thank you I also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves [afternoon tea] food.
No record match your search, can I try anything else?
How about one that serves [international] food?
I have [the varsity] and the bloomsbury restaurants when would you like to book
I would like to book at Varsity for 5 people around [20:45] on the same day I arrive.
No problem! I have a table booked for you. Your reference number is KFUNWVWH . What else can I do for you?
Nothing else for today. Thank you.
Have a good day!


I would like to dine at a restaurant serving [Indian] food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?
Okay there are four different restaurants. What is your price range?
Price does not matter.
I would recommend [Pipasha Restaurant].
Great, can you book me for 5 people at [11:45] on tuesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MLAA1D4V . anything else i can help you with today?
I also need to travel by train to Norwich, some time on Tuesday after [14:30].
There is a train departing Cambridge for Norwich at 14:36 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please and I need a confirmation number
It has been booked! Reference number is BSJKVN2Y . Do you need anything else?
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
We offer lots to do in the center of town. We have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs. Are you in the mood for anything particular?
Do you have any suggestions? I would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest. Thanks!
If you are interested in architecture, there is All Saints Church. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Great, thank you so much! I will check it out.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.
I have three restaurants with that information,can I ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down?
I would like an [Italian] restaurant.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is the only moderate Italian restaurant in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, I would like a reservation for 4 people at [1:45] on Saturday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range?
Yes I have several Indian restaurants if you are interested.
Sure. Please book me at one of those.
I'd be happy to. What day and time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
4 people at 13:45 on saturday, please.
I've booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at [Curry Prince]. Your reference number is GE1NWVTX . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your meal!


I'd like to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by [14:15] and my destination is [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant].
Thank you, but before I can create your booking I need to know where you'll be departing from.
I will be departing from [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool].
Your booking was successful. Your car is a red honda and its contact number is 07924138056. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What type of car is it? And is there a contact number?
Yes, I can repeat it. A Red Honda car and the contact info is 07924138056. Can I help you with anything else?
than you very much. that is all i need today.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place called [maharajah tandoori restaurant]. Do you know it? It's a restaurant.
Yes, it's a luxurious place on the west side. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 6 people at [19:30] this Saturday. Could I also get the reference number?
Yes! Your all set confirmation number is QX0059LN, anything else today?
I was hoping to find a hotel that is 4 star.
What part of town are you looking at staying in?
I don't care, just as long as it's in the moderate price range.
You have 11 options. They are all guesthouses. Would you like free parking or internet at your location?
Oh, I really prefer a hotel. Maybe you could find someplace that is cheap instead?
the [cambridge belfry] is in the west. It's a cheap 4 star hotel. Are you interested in booking a night?
Yes book it for Saturday. 6 people, 5 nights.
You are all set, the reference number is OEX7Z2S0, can I assist with anything else today?
That is all I need.
Thank you for calling and if you need anything else don't hesitate to call again. Enjoy your dinner and hotel stay!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.
What type of food are you interested in having?
I'm open to anything. I need a booking for 5 people at [12:00] on Wednesday. Give me the reference number please.
You have a reservation for 5 at the [Asian] restaurant, [Kymmoy] at 52 Mill Road City Centre for 12:00 on Wednesday, reference number CL644V0R . Anything else I can assist with?
Thank you very much, yes, I also need to book a train ticket. I'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by [09:45] if possible.
I have 84 train departures with this criteria. Where are you departing from or where is your destination?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn. Any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.
I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn on Wednesday at 08:11 and arrives at 08:58. Will this work for you?
That works perfectly. Please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.
Great it's all booked your reference number is 5X6H64MG .
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day!
You are very welcome! Before we end the conversation, did you need any other assistance?
Nope that should do it
Alright. Enjoy the rest of your day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
OK, what type of information are you looking for?
I need to find a train to arrive on Saturday by [11:45] going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.
Train number TR6163 leaves Bishops Stortford at 05:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 06:07. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Yes, I would like a ticket for one please.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is CQB3NI5K . Is there anything else?
How much is the ticket going to cost me? Do I pay you?
The cost of the ticket is 8.08 GBP and it's payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find places to go in town?
Yes, is there a specific type of attraction you would like to see?
Yes, what do you recommend for entertainment?
I suggest the [funky fun house] on the east side of town!
Ok great! What type of entertainment is that?
it's listed as "entertainment"
Of course. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee please?
8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate is the address but there is no entrance fee in our data base
Thank. That is all I need.
Happy to have been of assistance. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.
There are 11 places meeting your needs. Do you prefer a guest house or a hotel? Also, do you have a price range in mind?
A hotel and it needs to have free parking.
There are only two hotels that fit your needs. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book a room with either of these?
I'm sorry. Can you try a guesthouse? Still north w/free parking. Thanks and sorry!
The guesthouses in that area range from cheap to moderate in price. I recommend the [Archway House], with 4 stars.
Perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.
That booking was unsuccessful, perhaps a shorter stay? Or a different place?
Let's try just one night then.
Excellent. You are booked- Reference ALKK8MTG . Anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a multiple sports event. Can you find one for me?
Sure the only one in town is in the east and is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I wanted to stay in the centre. Can you see if there is something there?
There is not a multiple sports event there, but there are 4 theatres and one swimming pool.
Are there any colleges? If so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?
There are a number of colleges in centre city, I would recommend [Downing College] on Regent Street, cb21dq, the entrance is free!
Terrific. I would like to book a taxi between the two places.
Sure! Can you confirm your departure and arrival locations and a time frame, please?
I want want to leave the hotel by [02:45].
The Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow toyota Contact number : 07736257134


I am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. What are your preferences for area or price range so I can narrow the search?
I don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the east?
I have 5 hotels in the east. Three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.
Would you prefer one with free internet?
That doesn't matter to me.
Okay, I've booked you at [Autumn House] with reference number 6OSPYSH1 . May I help with anything else?
That's all I need right now. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system!


Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?
Yes, the [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.
Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?
You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.
I am also looking for information on the [ashley hotel].
What information can I provide for you?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.
I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS
Great! That was all I needed.
Hope you have a great trip!


Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like a hotel on the north side, please.
The [Acorn Guest House] is a 4-star guesthouse in the North. It has free parking and wifi, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room?
That sounds like what I am looking for. Yes, I'd like to book a room.
Great! When would you like to stay?
I would like to book a room for 3 days starting Tuesday. There is a total of 3 people.
Sorry, they don't have those dates available. Would you like me to try for other days or another location?
Can you try for just 1 night then?
Sorry, the Acorn is not open then, shall I try somewhere else that fits your criteria?
Yes, whatever you can find.
Good news, The Acorn just opened up for one night. Your reference number is UKMNFD3Q . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I think that's all I need right now. Bye
Glad I could help. Have a nice stay. Bye.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
[Turkish] food.
I have two restaurants in the Centre area of town. Would you like the information for both?
Yes, please give me the one Turkish food restaurant's phone number and address please.
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362372
thank you.
Thank you.


I am looking for a [German] restaurant in the west part of town.
There are no German restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to make another query?
How about [Italian]?
There are several Italian restaurants in the west part of town. La Margherita is cheap and Prezzo is moderate. Would you like the address of one of those?
What is the phone number of one of them?
The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you goodbye.
thank you. good bye


I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the centre please.
May I recommend [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
That sounds like exactly what I need.
They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes. I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.
You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO . Can I assist with something else.
I am also looking for the Restaurant "The [Good Luck] Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it?
I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes for Tuesday at [14:00] on Tuesday please.
How many people will join you?
It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.
Is there a certain time you want to leave?
Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?
Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S .
That is everything that I need.
We thank you for using our services. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.
There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of the [Vietnamese] one?
Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?
I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?
I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions. To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?
What areas of town are they in?
They're located in either the centre or the west.
Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for [Thanh Binh]?
The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?
No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.
I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.
Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by [2:00] to go to the restaurant.
There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?
Sure, that sounds great. I just need that taxi to take me from [Thanh Binh] to the college.
How does [C[hurchill College]] sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to get to the college by [02:00].
It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597.
Okay great, that's all I needed today!
Wonderful! Have a great day!


I need the location of Addenbrookes Hospital, if you don't mind.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No particular department, I need the address and postcode please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Post code is CB20QQ.


I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.
we have a variety so if we can narrow down by giving departure time good with you
Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before [21:45].
I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me.
I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH . Anything else today?
Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?
Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0196JVLZ .
Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?
All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!
I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.
Okay! How about [Christ's College]?
sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.
Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.
Ok. Thank you. That's all for now.
thank you for using our services
Have a great day!
Have a nice day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help you find what you are looking for.
Thank you! Can you help me find a train to Norwich, please?
Yes if you can tell me where you will leaving from and what day and time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday at [9 PM].
Train 2662 leaves Cambridge at 21:36 and arrives in Norwich at 22:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I need the train to arrive by [21:00]. Is there one at that time?
May I recommend the TR9246 train arriving at 20:55
yes book that for 3 people please
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8L54O12B .
I am now looking to dine at [mahal of cambridge]
Would you like more info or for me to book it?
what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?
It is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
No. I think that is all.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually, I would like to book a table at that restaurant.
On what day would you like a reservation?
Come to think of it, I won't need a reservation. That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!
No worries we are here if you need us, have a nice day.
Great. I'll call back if I need anything. Goodbye.
My pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Please show me where the nearest hospital is
The nearest hospital is The Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you. Can you book a taxi to take me there?
Yes, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
Nevermind, I don't need a taxi. Thanks for your help.
What can I help you with?
That's all. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side?
I have 13 hotels on the north side of town, do you have any preferences for price range, internet or parking?
Yes, are there any expensive ones? I also would like free parking as well.
Unfortunately I can't find any expensive hotels with free parking.
How about something in the moderate range?
I found the [acorn guest house]. Can I book this for you?
That sounds great! Can you see if you can get me a room starting Friday? We'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 2 of us.
OK, you're all set for 4 nights at the Acorn, reference #9PD946FD . Can I help with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. I appreciate your help!
Have a great day!


I need a train leaving on monday after [18:45].
There are a lot of trains running then. Did you have a particular station you were going to or leaving from?
Yes, I need to travel from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
I have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and arrives by [19:58]. Do you think that would be a good fit for you?
That would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?
That has been booked. Your reference number is SGEZXO5V .
I would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking
The [Allenbell] is an affordable guesthouse in the area. How does that sound?
Is it cheap? And do they offer free parking?
They have free parking and internet. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day
I have that reservation made for you the reference number is 2U1NU0BI .
Thank you. That is all for now.
its been a pleasure to serve you.


I am looking for a museum on the east side.
Yes, there are 4 museums available. Three of them are free.
Can I get the address to one?
Sure, the [cambridge artworks] is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else you need?
Could you give me the postcode, too?
The postcode is cb13ef. It is a great museum.
Thank you, can't wait to go! Can you help me with one more thing? I need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.
There are several, all are in the moderate price range. Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. I won't be needing free parking.
Okay I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like their information?
Please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.
[Acorn Guest House] will be expecting the 8 of you to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VXH2CWOR . Is there anything else?
Awsome! I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by [19:00].
Where will you be leaving from and what is the destination?
I'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 19:00 please.
I have booked you a taxi. A yellow Tesla will arrive to pick you up by 19:00. The contact number is 07384178468. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.
You are welcome, enjoy your holiday in Cambridge.


Can you give me information on a particular attraction, called [kambar]?
Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre of town.
Great, could you also provide me with the phone number?
Of course, the phone number for Kambar is 01223842725. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to also eat [Indian] food. What expensive restaurant do you have?
We have many options for Indian. How about [Saffron Brasserie] at Hills Road City Centre. Phone 011223354679. Anything else?
Great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at [17:30] on Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7E8IT3A0 . What else can I help you with today?
No. That will be all.
Thank you for using our services, feel free to contact us any time for assistance.
thank you for helping
Thank you for using our service today.


I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town centre.
Great! We have a wide variety of foods to try. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would like to try [gastropub]. Do you have one that serves that?
There is a restaurant called the [cow pizza kitchen and bar] on Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to book a table?
No thank you. Can you tell me the postcode, address, and phone number please?
The postcode is cb23qf. The address is Corn Exchange Street. And the phone number is 01223308871. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a guesthouse, what is there like that?
[Acorn guest house] looks like it matches your criteria, would you like to try that?
Great, can I get their postcode, address, and phone number?
There phone is 01223353888, postcode cb41da and address 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book there for you?
Yes that would be great. Thank you.
Ok, what days would you like to book your stay?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Friday.
How many people would you like to book this for?
Actually I'm not sure yet how many people will be with me. Can you just give me their phone number for now?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I would like to find a place to go in the centre of town, that includes multiple sports
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets your criteria.
Are there museums instead?
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. How about Castle Galleries in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street?
That would be perfect. Thanks for all your help. Have a good night.
Is there anything else you need help with?
No, that's all.
Okay, then, enjoy your day.


Yeah, my wife and kids are demanding [Spanish] food. Can we keep it on the cheap side, please?
[La Raza] is an inexpensive Spanish restaurant at the centre. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address please.
4 - 6 Rose Crescent postal cb23ll, can I assist with anything else today?
We are also looking to visit a local museum. Do you have any recommendations?
What area would you like?
Something close to the restaurant would be nice.
Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre at 98 king street. It has free entrance.
What is the entrance fee and address? I think this sounds like a great place to visit.
[Broughton House Gallery] is completely free. The address is at 98 King Street.
Thank you that was all I needed.
Your welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.


i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the centre
The only sports area in town is in the east. Would you like to look for a different type of attraction?
Sure. I'd like to find something in the area of architecture.
I have 5 different options, the Holy Trinity Church is free and it is a must see attraction!
Ok. What is the phone number for [Holy Trinity Church]?
The phone number is 01223355397.
Can I have the address and phone number, please?
Sure thing, the phone number is 01223355397 and the Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 4 stars and include free wifi and parking.
Would you like it to be in the West or Centre?
It doesn't matter. Could you also get me the postcode for Holy Trinity Church? I forgot to ask.
cb23nz is the postcode
What area is it in?
It is in the centre area, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Bye!


I need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday
Understood. Where do you want to depart from and by when do you want to arrive?
I'm leaving on Wednesday from Stevenage.
There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after [12:30] please.
train TR7411 leaves at 13:54. would that be good?
Possibly. What is the price for that ticket?
The price of that ticket would be 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to reserve your ticket?
could you tell me how long the train ride will be?
The travel time is 49 minutes. What else would you like to know?
That's all the information, about the train, that I need right now. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves [Indian] food?
Definitely! My favorite is Tandoori Palace, which is in the center and expensive. If you want something a little cheaper, I recommend Kohinoor.
Let's go for [Tandoori Palace]. I need a reservation for 2 people at [20:15] on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZBNKZ8U .
Was it booked for 2 people?
Yes it was booked for 2 people reference number 4ZBNKZ8U .
Fantastic. That is all.
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit. What can you tell me about [Gallery at Twelve a High Street]?
That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by [08:15]
What day will you be traveling on?
monday is fine
well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?
i want to make a booking for 6 people.
Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?
Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day!
Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.
thank you for all your help. Have a good day!
You're welcome. Goodbye


I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive [Brazilian] place.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?
[British] food, then.
We have six. Do you have an area preference? [Graffiti], on the west side, is popular.
All right, I'll try that. I need a reservation for a party of 5 at [11:00] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P15GVV9V . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thanks so much, goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Can I book a taxi today, please? I'm going to [Avalon].
I would be happy to help you. First I will need to know where you are departing from and what time you want to arrive/depart.
Pick me up at the [pizza express Fen Ditton] and take me to the avalon before [21:00]. Can I get the car type and contact number?
A red lexus will pick you up by 21:00. Your contact number is 07323820078.
I need to be at the avalon by [21:00]. The taxi will have to arrive slightly earlier to get me to my destination on time.
Oh, I am very sorry for my error. You will arrive at Avalon by 21:00. I reserved a blue lexus with new contact # 07060980339.
Thank you so much for your help.
Let me know if there is anything else you need.


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I have two restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like [Italian] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else?
I don't care.
[Nandos] is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, also I will need their address.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, please give me their number.
The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. I'll head to Nandos now. Goodbye.
Have a nice day!


I'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves [British] food.
How about [the oak bistro] on Lensfield Road?
What is the price range? It needs to be moderate.
The Oak Bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table?
I'd like a table for 3 people at [11:00] on Friday, please.
The oak bistro is fully booked. Do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate British food?
Yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate British food.
I was able to book [restaurant one seven], reference number is XXZ4D253 .
Sounds wonderful, thank you for your help. That is all I need. Bye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a place to stay. Can you help me out?
Sure. Are you looking for anything in particular?
In the East and must be a hotel
I have one listing for [express by holiday inn cambridge,will] that be okay?
That would be fine.
Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from Friday.
sure thing, your all set. Confirmation # is ZSDFLXSJ . Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. Can you find one?
There are 2 moderately price Indian restaurants and one Italian place in the area. Which type of cuisine do you prefer?
Definitely [Italian], curry gives me gas.
I can suggest [Pizza Hut] in Fen Ditton located in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket.
That sounds great. Thanks.
Sweet! Do you need a reservation?
I do not need a reservation right now.
Okay, how else can I help then?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.
I am glad to be of service, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Hi, I am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.
Certainly, there are 6 guesthouses, and one hotel. Do you have any preferences I should include?
The hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. It doesn't need to have free parking, though.
Your best bet would be the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. It is an expensive 2-star hotel in the east area of town with free wifi and free parking.
If there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.
Great. How many guests should I make a reservation for and what nights would you like to stay?
There will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting Sunday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book with those constraints, would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Would it be possible to book this for one night?
I was able to book one night starting Sunday for 3 guests. Your reference number is 1OOWMJEN . Would you like anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to Birmingham New Street.
I just need some more information. Where are you departing from? What day and what time do you need to leave and arrive by?
I would like to depart from cambridge on monday.
I have 19 available trains. TR6628 leaves at 08:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for the same 3 people. And can I have the reference number?
I've completed your booking! The reference number for your train is X4WPOS52 . The total cost is 225.3 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
We are happy to be of help. Thank you for using our service.


I'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.
We have 5 locations with a 3 star rating that offer free wifi, do you prefer a particular area or price range?
I would like it to be in the west
The [hobsons house] is available in that area.
That sounds like it will work. Can I book that for 3 nights starting Wednesday?
I've booked you a one person stay for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is: Q81KT0VN .
I also am looking for somewhere to get afternoon tea.
Would you be interested in a British restaurant then?
Let's try a [Chinese] restaurant instead.
There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you you looking for one in the west, like your hotel? Any price range in mind?
No I'm not too picky. You can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at [15:45]
Your booking at the [Yu Garden] on Wednesday at 15:45 for a party of 8 is confirmed. Your Reference number is : FPL31KWN . Can I help you wroth anything further?
That's all for today! Thanks a ton. Bye!
I hope you have a wonderful meal.


I am looking for a restaurant with [vegetarian] food.
What area of town are you looking for?
Any area of town would be fine.
There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about [european] food?
Would you prefer European or modern European food?
European, please.
There are ten results. Do you have a price range preference?
No I do not
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] serves European food and is the expensive price range.
Can I have the address and phone number?
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcode C.B 3, 0 d.Q , phone is 01223 355166
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I would like to visit some colleges or universities in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?
We have 18 colleges open to visitors. Christ's College and Churchill College are popular choices, and they're free to enter.
Could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for [Churchill College]?
I can! It is in the west at Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Phone 01223336233. Need anything else?
Yes please. I need a place to crash. I'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.
I see one place that is a match for you; [Finches bed and breakfast] on the west side of town (for your convenience) the price is cheap. If you would like I can make you a booking?
What is the address and post code?
The address is 144 Thornton Road, and the post code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does that hotel include free wifi?
Yes Finches Bed and Breakfast does have free wifi.
Great that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great! What can i help you find?
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the West and cheap
The [Cambridge Belfry] is the only place that matches all of your criteria. Would you like to reserve a room?
I'm not sure yet. Does it have free parking?
It does have free parking and wifi.
Ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. I'll need it from Monday please.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is C505YX1I . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street. Can you find me one?
Absolutely, What time would you like to leave? And, I assume you will be leaving from Cambridge?
The train should arrive by [14:15]
Ok there is one leaving earlier i will book it for and send you the infomation


Find me places to go in town. I want to go to museum type attractions.
I have 11 museum type locations in the city centre, would you care to see a listing?
Can you give me the phone number to the closest one to my location?
Yes the phone number is 01223314960.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Kings Lynn
What day are you leaving?
I am wanting to leave on Sunday after [18:30].
I have the TR1526 leaving at 09:11. How many ticket please?
Oh, I'm not gonna book right now. Do you know how long the trip will take?
that trip will take 47 minutes. anything else today?
No thank you
If that's all, then I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! Have a great day.


I'm looking for a good museum to visit in the center of town. Can you recommend anything?
There are 11 museums in the centre. The broughton house gallery doesn't have a fee. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number?
broughton house gallery's phone number is 01223314960
I also need a train going to Cambridge and need to arrive by [15:30].
And where will you be departing from?
I am departing from norwich on Tuesday.
TR2098 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:35 on Tuesday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
No thank you. Could you just tell me the departure time?
Yes, it leaves at 13:16.
Thanks for being so helpful. That is all I need today. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hello, I would to know about some places to go in Cambridge. I'd like to do something on a boat, if possible.
Ok, there are four options. Two are in the centre, one is in the east and one is in the north.
Let's try the one in the north. What is the entrance fee?
I have a listing for [riverboat georgina] in the north is that okay?
Yes, can I get the postcode and entrance fee?
Yes, the postcode is cb43ax and the entrance fee is not known at this time.
Thank you I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to leicester.
I have several trains available. What day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave and arrive?
I need the train to leave after [13:00] on Monday. Tell me if any fit this description. I need to know the arrival time and train ID as well.
Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives at Leicester at 15:06. Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect! Could I have the arrival time and train ID please?
The train id number is TR6799 and the arrival time is 15:06. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, looking forward to my time here. Have a great day.
Yes, please enjoy your time in Cambridge. Thanks for letting me help you today. Bye.


Help me arrange for a taxi to [tandoori palace]
Alright. What time do you want to leave by?
I'd like to leave after [16:30], please.
Booking is done. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 072411211316
Great. That's all for today. Thanks
You're welcome. Have a good time!


I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge. I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough. Can you give me some times?
Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day. Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before [12:15], please.
TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09. Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.
My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called [Archway House].
Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LMABMGNI . Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.
Alright. Have a great day.
Thanks, you too.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge.
When and where would you like to depart?
I would like to depart from Stevenage on Wednesday.
Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [8:30].
There is one options available TR9448, leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43.
Okay, could you tell me the price?
The 5:54 train is 12.80 pounds.
Can you book it for me and send me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 26GRQWBX .
I am also looking for the attraction, [Tenpin].
Tenpin is in the south. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Is there an entrance fee?
My database does not have that information currently available. Would you like the phone number so you can call and ask?
Are you sure? I've always been able to get that information from this system. Can you check again please?
Our system does not provide the entrance fee for tenpin. You don't have much experience with this system do you?
Yeah, my first time taking a trip here, sorry. Im sure the fee is no big deal, thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for using our service today!


Hi there, I've just started planning my trip. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I would be happy to assist you. Is there a price range you prefer, or a type of cuisine?
I am looking for a moderately priced [chinese] restaurant.
What area of town would you like to dine in?
I'm sorry, I just thought of a restaurant I had forgotten about. I would like to dine at a particular restaurant called [Shiraz] Restaurant.
I have no matching restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
I also need a train ticket.
I'll be happy to assist with that, but I'll need some additional information. What is your destination and departure point? Also, when will you be traveling?
I'll be heading to the airport on Friday after finishing up sightseeing here.
I actually did find Shiraz Restaurant. Great [Mediterranean] place. Can I book a table before we work on your train?
Oh perfect! Can I have a table for 8 people at [19:00] on thursday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4JP4LX3W .
Alright, would you like to continue finding a train?
I just want to confirm. You need a train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. What time would you like to depart? This is a 28 minute train ride.
I want one that gets there by [16:00]
I've booked on TR1316 friday leaving cambridge 14:40 arriving at stansted airport at 15:08 cost is 10.10 pounds, referenece E0X8YVGZ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please confirm the travel time?
The travel time is 28 minutes.
OK, thanks for everything.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't need anything else.
Have a great trip.
Thank you for your help.
Thanks again for letting us help you! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.


I am looking for [King's College].
Yes, King's College is in the centre and located on King's Parade. Their phone number is 01223331100.
Thank you!
May I help you with any thing else?
Yes. Do you know what their entrance fee is? Also, I need some help finding an [Italian] restaurant in the centre area.
It is free admission into the King's college. Sure I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range preference.
There is [pizza express] it's moderately priced, would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like the reservation for Thursday at [15:00] for 2 people.
I was able to book your table. The Reference number is : WA5JKA4G . Is there anything else you needed?
I also need a taxi to travel between [King's College] and the restaurant.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue tesla Contact number : 07982639539
That was all I needed, thank you.
thanks for using our services and welcome anytime


I need to take a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, it would need to be after [10].
Okay. What day will you be traveling?
On Friday after 10.
The TR1502 leaves friday at 11:00.
Yes, that will be great. How much does a ticket cost?
A ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Can you also give me the travel time?
The travel time is 51 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the north area of town?
What you are looking for can not be found. Is there any other area you would mind searching in?
No I want to stay in that area. What other hotel accomadations are in the area?
[Avalon] is a moderate priced 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town. It has free internent. Would you like more information or can I book it for you?
Can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Monday?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1VF2W9YC .
Thank you! That is all.
You're welcome. Call back if you need further bookings or assistance.


I need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.
I am sorry but I am not finding any hotels that fit your needs.
What about an expensive, 4 star hotel?
I have two for you to choose from. I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town.
Does either one have free parking?
Yes, they both offer free parking, and are expensive four star hotels. Would you prefer the centre area or the west area?
I guess the centre. Can you reserve 2 nights starting Saturday? There are 8 of us.
Unfortunately, neither location can accommodate your request, would you like to try for a different length length of time?
Yes. Is either one available for just one night?
[The marriott] worked. Your reference number is NNFT47MW .
Thank you, that is all I need. Toodles.
Have a fun stay. Bye.


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.
Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.
What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.
We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.
Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the [Ashley Hotel]?
Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday. I need to leave after [19:30].
TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for my group. We'll all be traveling together.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EZIAXWCQ . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.
Great! I'm glad I could be of help. Have a good day.


I am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.
I have several attractions in the west for you. Is there a certain type you have in mind?
No, what would you recommend?
i suggest [queens college] in the silver street. you want the address?
I would like the phone number and the post code please.
Sure! The phone number is 01223335511 and the postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. Does not need to include internet.
There is a guesthouse named Hobsons House located in the west with 3 stars. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Would you like this one booked?
No thank you. I just needed the information. That's all I need.
Great! Have a good day!


I need a taxi. I'll be departing the [Fitzwilliam museum] and need to arrive by [20:15]
I can reserve that for you. Where is your destination?
I am heading to [restaurant one seven].
Okay a white honda will be picking you up and the contact number is 07631927676. What else can I help you with?
That is all that I need thanks.
Great, thank you for using our service!
Thanks for your help. Bye.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Bye.


