I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with [hepatology] department
The telephone number is 01223217712
Thank you Goodbye
Have a wonderful day!


I'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. Can you find something that serves [jamaican] food in the centre?
There are no Jamaican restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another area or another food type?
Are you sure? It should be expensive.
I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be a Jamaican restaurant in Centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
I really want jamaican food. Can you check another area? If you find one it should be expensive. If not I'll try [Thai] in the centre.
that should be [bangkok city]. its address is 24 Green Street City Centre,cb23jx. you need the phone number?
No thanks. Just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at [14:30] on thursday.
I have made reservations at Bangkok City for you. Your reference # is G8TQWL1A . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry to be a bother. Instead of that reservation, I would be ok with [British] food. Is there a British place in the centre?
I cancelled the previous booking for Bangkok city. I found 3 British restaurants in the centre. fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. Any preference?
Okay, can I please have a reservation for [Midsummer House Restaurant]? Thank you so much for your patience with me!
Ok, I was able to change the booking. Your new reference number is: FLG9ZMC2 . Can I help with anything else?
i am also looking for a place to stay in the centre that offers free wifi.
Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse in the expensive price range, please.
I'm sorry I didn't pull up any matches.
Are there any other options in the type of hotel, please?
I have two expensive hotels in the center offering wi-fi. Gonville is a 3-star hotel, and University Arms is listed as a four-star property. Both offer free parking as well.
Please book [University Arms] for 3 people 4 nights on thursday. Send the reference number too ok?
You got it. Your reference number is YUT2VZIR .
Great. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
I would be happy to help. There are lots of great restaurants in town! Do you what to try a particular type of food?
I still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can I start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?
I have 2 guesthouses that match your criteria, do you have a price preference?
Do they have wifi?
yes and they are a number without
Okay, which place do you recommend?
I recommend [rosa's bed and breakfast]. Could I book a stay for you?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine
There are several restaurants, what type of food would you like?
I would like a [japanese] place in the cheap range.
There's nothing matching that. Do you have any other criteria?
Can we search for [Portuguese] instead?
There is one place available called the [Nandos]! Would you like for me to book a table?
That sounds lovely. I would like to book it for Saturday, for 7 people, at [14:15].
Your booking for 7 at 14:15 was successful! The reference number is 38PZHLJO . May we help you with anything else?
i also want a taxi
Where to and from, and what time will you need the taxi?
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
at what time should it leave?
The most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. I can leave the hotel whenever necessary.
Okay. I've booked for you a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07314173329
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a good day!


I'm at [Kettle's Yard] and need a taxi to pick me up by [19:30].
I would be happy to help with your request, what is your destination?
I want to go to [castle galleries].
What time would you like to arrive at Castle Galleries?
I need to leave after 19:30.
Your booking is complete, a red ford will be picking you up.
Thank you, what is the contact number?
The contact number is 07833391546. Do you have any other questions?
No. Thank you for your assistance.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for information. Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?
I can help you. Which part of town?
The North part of town is where I want to go and include free parking and should have a star of 4
Okay, how about the [Acorn Guest House]? It's located on 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
The booking was successful. You have a reservation for 3 people, staying 4 nights a Acorn Guest House starting on Sunday. Your Reference number is : Z45I87LD .
Thank you! I also need a swimming pool in the north area of Cambridge.
I'd recommend [jesus green outdoor pool]. Would you like more information?
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
Sure! The address is between victoria road and the river, the postcode is cb43px, and the phone number is 01223302579.
Lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.
Do you have a arrival time in mind ?
I want to to leave the hotel by [10:30].
When is your arrival time?
My arrival time will be [17:00].
Your taxi have been booked for a black volvo and its contact number is 07055228719.
Thanks. That is all for today.
thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
Thanks. I hope your day is good too.
it sure is. thanks.
Good. Glad to hear it. You can end this conversation now. I don't need anything else.
Thank you for using our service.


I'm looking for [cafe uno], can you help me find where it is?
Absolutely! Caffe uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I would like to book a table for 1 at [18:15] on Friday.
I was unable to reserve a table at that time. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
yes, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
How about [Bedouin], they serve African Cuisine.
That sounds good as long as it's in the same area and price range. I'll need the reference number too please.
Great, your reference number is K3TPR6UI . Anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Hi! I'd like to book a taxi from [Kettle's Yard] to [Old Schools].
Absolutely - do you have a particular arrival or departure time in mind today?
Yes, I would like the taxi to arrive by [19:30]. In addition, I would like the car type and its contact number.
I have completed your booking! The car type is a white volkswagen and the contact number is 07027624842.
Thank you so much! That is all I need for now.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.


Hi, I'd like to book a train that leaves after [21:30] on Friday.
Sure, where are you departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and traveling to Birmingham New Street.
TR8202 is leaving cambridge at 22:01 would that work for you?
Yes could you provide me with the travel time and arrival time as well please?
The travel time for the TR8202 is 163 minutes. The arrival time is 24:44. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [gastropub] food.
There are 4 restaurants that serve gastropub cuisine. Do you have a location and/or price preference?
Yes can we try the south?
I am sorry there are none in the South. There are 3 in the centre and 1 in the east. Will one of those area work for you?
How about centre?
Yes, there are 3! Price ranges are moderate and expensive. Does one of those suit you?
Moderate price range please.
Perfect, there's a place called The [cow pizza kitchen and bar], would you like me to book it?
Please, for 7 people at [13:00] on the same day.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BGGCS2UB
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Have a great day! Bye.
You're very welcome! Enjoy your trip!


I'm looking for a the Parkside police station.
The telephone number for the Parkside Police is 01223358966.
What is the address and postcode?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
Glad I could be of service.


Hi! I am looking for a [turkish] food restaurant around the centre.
There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
Moderate price range would be fine. Could you pick the shortest name and tell me the address?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you! I am also looking for a 5 star hotel.
There are no 5 star hotels, do you want to choose something else
Yes, can you find a place for me with free wifi in the moderate price range?
What other star option would you like ?
How about a 4 star rating?
I don't have a 4 star in the moderate price range. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
You don't have any 4 stars in the moderate price range in any area?
No I'm sorry we don't have anything matching those criteria.
There are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with moderate price and wifi in all of Cambridge? I find that very hard to believe!
Sorry, you are right. We actually have 11 to choose from.
I would like to book one starting Friday.
I have begun a booking for you at [Avalon]. How many days will you be staying?
I will arrive Friday and be there for 2 nights.
And how many people will be staying?
It will be for 3 people and2 nights.
You are set, the reference number is YQBMMCJ6, any other questions?
No I think that is all, thank you.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [prezzo]
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west. Their phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, 4 people at [11:00] on Friday. Can you please provide me with the reference number?
You booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WYZGXOVQ .
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number
You are more than welcome!


Where can I find the [Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge]?
it is found in the east , 15-17 norman way coldhams business park. you can call them on 01223866800
Okay. Can I book 4 nights at the Express please?
Sure! How many people will staying?
6 people, 4 nights starting on friday.
I will book it for you now.
Could I please get the reference number after you book it.
Booking is complete. Your reference number is UQG3WI8I . Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called the [golden curry]. Can you help me book a table there?
Sure. For how many people, on what day and time?
For 6 people on Friday at [12:15]. Thanks
Okay I've booked you a table at The Golden Curry for 6 on Friday at 12:15, refeence number 1OUCJVYH . Is there anything else?
thanks. no thats all i will be needing. see you later!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after [17:30]
Where will you be traveling from and to?
I am leaving Leicester and going to Cambridge.
TR9320 will leave at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Can I book that for you?
Please do, I will need this for 6 people. Can I also have the reference number as well?
Booking was successful and your reference number is 0RKJ93UG . Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range.
There are two gonville hotel at the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south, which one do you prefer?
I prefer the [gonville].
Would you like me to book you at the gonville?
Yes please. Remember there are 6 people. It should be at least 3 stars and expensive.
How long would you like to stay?
Just 1 night would be perfect. Thank you.
Before booking the hotel I need to know how many days will you stay?
Perhaps I can book it. I will just need the postcode
The postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you for the help?
You are very welcome. Have a great stay.


I am looking for a hospital in town.
What is the address for this hospital?
I just need the name, address and phone number of a hosptital.
There's Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The number is 01223245151. Is there any particular department you need?


I'm in need of a train leaving Tuesday from Peterborough, can you help me find one?
Sure, I can put you on TR5042 which leaves for Cambridge at 5:19. How many tickets do you need?
One ticket just for myself, though I need to arrive by [09:45].
Your booking was successful with a reference number of 5XO1YF9Y and a fee of 16.5 GBP. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
Thanks. Can you just confirm for me when I will arrive in Cambridge?
Sure, you will arrive in cambridge at 06:09. May I help with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
Have a great day!


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.
There are three hotels which meet your needs, any preferences in area?
Are any of those guesthouses? I don't really care for hotels.
All three of the places I mentioned are guesthouses. One is in the south, one is in the north, and one is in the west.
Could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?
Which area would you prefer?
I do not care, book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
OK, you have a room booked at the [Hamilton Lodge], ref#6ZQBEZBT . Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Actually, yes. I am wanting to find out some information on the [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool].
Sure! The jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river and the phone number is 01223302579.
Ok that is all I need today. Thanks, good bye.
Okay glad I could help.


I need a place to stay in the west.
We have several places to stay that you may like in the West. Do you have a specific price range or star rating in mind?
I would like to find a cheap guesthouse.
[Finches Bed and Breakfast] is within your chosen price range and it is located at 144 thornton road.
What is the star rating and is free parking available?
It's 4 stars and has free parking. Would you like a room?
Can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb30nd. Would you like to book a room now?
Yes can you please help with that?
Absolutely. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights will you be staying?
No actually I need to find a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Saturday arriving by [19:45].
Okay the TR8600 arrives by 19:35. Would you like tickets?
How long is the travel time, departure time and what is the price?
The TR8600 Departs Norwich at 18:16, and it takes 79 minutes to get to Cambridge. The fare is 14.08 GBP per ticket. Is there anythig else you want to know?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!
enjoy your stay!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Are you looking for a place to visit, eat or stay? Do you need transportation?
I'm interested in any boats on the westside.
There are no boats on the west side of town right now, do you have something else you'd like to try?
Okay what about any atttaction that is in the type of college and if available may i have the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.
There are a number of colleges in the west. I suggest [magdalene college] on magdalene street, cb30ag. Phone is 01223332138. Entrance is free.
Okay great! I also need a train. Can you assist me with that?
Yes, I need more information on your trip first.
Sure, I am going to be travelling from Leicester to Cambridge on Monday. I need to arrive by [13:00].
I found 7 trains that match your criteria. How early do you want to leave? We have trains running every hour from 05:09 to 11:09
Can you book 2 tickets for a train that arrives closest to 13:00 please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LQKC8QD2 . You'll be on the TR1193 which will arrive at 12:54.
Thanks for helping me, I am all set.
Great, thank you for visiting us and I hope that you enjoy your stay.


We want info about a particular attraction, [Christ's college].
Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street. For additional information, the phone number is 01223334900. It has free admission.
What area is that in?
It's right in the center of town.
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?
Sure, I can help you with that. What kind of food were you looking for?
What was Christ's College's address please?
Yes, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street. What type of food would you like to eat at the restaurant?
I'm sorry, I'm so confused and stressed from planning this trip. I do not need a restaurant, I need a train for Saturday.
Where are you departing from and where would you like to go?
I'm departing london liverpool street on Saturday and I want to be in Cambridge by [13:45].
Train #TR4330 leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you so much!
Thank you for calling. Please call back if there's anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.


Please book me a train from Cambridge on Monday
Could you please provide me with your destination site and your departure time and arrival?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and need to leave Cambridge after [14:45].
There are 5 trains available leaving at 15:59, 17:59, 19:59, 21:59, and 23:59. They all take 88 minutes and cost 16.60 pounds.
Can you give me the arrival time of the 15:59?
Yes, the arrival time is 17:27.
Could you also provide me with a concerthall in the south?
Unfortunately there aren't any concerthalls in the south. Is there anything else you would like?
What about a nightclub?
'The Place' is a nightclub in the south, located at 22 Sidney Street. The phone number is 01223324600. Would you like to book the 15:59 train?


I want to take a train to cambridge on thursday.
There are 202 trains to Cambridge that day.
I am leaving London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by [14:15].
TR2512 will depart at 13:17 and arrive at 14:08. The trip will take 51 minutes and it will cost 23.60 pounds. Would you like book?
No, not yet. I would like to know what kinds of colleges I can visit whilst I'm in town though.
We have many options, 18 to be exact, any preference for area?
Could you recommend a college that is enjoyed by the most people? I would like the college's phone number and entrance fee, please.
Clare college costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 01223333200. Anything more for you today?
Nope, that takes care of all my needs! Thanks, goodbye!
Happy to help, have a great day!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
There are several options to choose from in the centre in the cheap price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I don't really have a preference. I just need something for Sunday at [18:00]. There will be 2 of us.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EYEGC64E . [Dojo Noodle Bar]. Is there anything else?
I need a train from kings lynn to cambridge, if possible.
There are 133 trains available. Tell me more about your trip.
I'd like to arrive by [08:00], and I'd like to travel on the same day that I'm going to the Noodle Bar.
I have train TR5198 departing at 07:11 and arriving at 07:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that works great. Could you book 2 tickets for me please?
Booking is successful, you will need to pay 15.68 at the station, your reference number is 9NJNSEIC ., anything else that I can help with?
No thank you. That will be it.
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day


I'll be requesting a taxi to [golden house] please
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I want to arrive there by [07:00]
You are booked! Your car is a red audi and contact number is 07727005105
Thank you that is all I need today.
Just to confirm - you wanted picked up at alexander bed and breakfast correct?
no, he taxi should depart from [hotel du vin and bistro]
Alright, I'll fix it for you
Thank you for your help
I'm sorry for the mixup. Your taxi is a white lexus. The contact number is 07770889191. Is there anything else?
That's it for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. And I apologize again for the confusion. If I can help you with anything else in the future don't hesitate to ask.


I'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called [Travellers Rest].
I can help with that, what sort of information do you need?
I would like to book a table on Thursday for 6 people at [13:30].
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9UPU6TFE . Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free WiFi in the moderate price range.
[Cityroomz] has everything you are looking for in accommodation. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes, please. Can I get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? We'll be staying 4 nights.
I've made you a reservation at [cityroomz] for 6 people starting thursday night. Your reference number is LDYHL4PR . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. Can you help me with that?
When are you wanting to arrive?
I'm sorry, I need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to arrive at [13:30]
Booking was successful, and it will be a red Toyota. Contact number is 07791600015. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you! That's all I needed help with today. Goodbye!
Have a great day!


Are there any expensive [British] restaurants in town?
There are 57 restaurants that match your specifications. Do you want anything more specific?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the west side of town.
I have two restaurants that meet your needs, [Graffiti] and [Travellers Rest]. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
Yes, I need to book a table for five people at [17:15] for this Thursday.
I am unable to book a restaurant at that time on Thursday. Is there another day or time slot I can check for you?
Will you check [16:15]?
A reservation at 16:15 was successful at Graffiti. Your reference number is VCCP7L4M . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much. Have a nice day. Bye.
You're welcome, have a good meal.


Hi! I'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.
Were you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
I'm trying to stay on the east, if possible.
I have 5 of them in the east. Three of them are cheap and two are moderate priced. Did you have a preference?
The price doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
I would recommend the [allenbell].
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like me to book this for you?
Not yet. What is their phone number?
Yes their telephone number is 01223210353.
Great and what is their post code?
postcode, is cb13js, address is 517a coldham lane, internet and parking is included and price is cheap. Can I help with anything else?
Would you also find me a hotel in the same area?
In the east, I have 6 different guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a preference?
No, that's OK. The Allenbell is great. What i need is information on boat attraction in the same pay off town.
Do you want me to book that hotel for you?
I'd just like the phone number and postcode for now. Thank you.
The phone number and post code are: 01223210353 and cb13js. [Camboats] is a boating attraction in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes I will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by [08:15].
Will you be getting picked up from [allenbell]?
No I want to leave [Camboats] at [08:15] and go to the hotel.
A red audi will pick you up and the contact number is 07026466566. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train going to Birmingham New Street.
I can help! What day are you looking to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday.
We've got about 19 trains for that route. Do you have a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave on Saturday and leave after [10:45]. Could you give me the travel time?
The duration is 163 mins.Do i need to book something for you?
Yes i'd also like parks I can go to.
We have 5 great parks in town. My favorite is the [Botanic Gardens] in the center. It's well worth the 4-pound entrance fee.
Okay Could I have their telephone number please?
The phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks for the park info. In review, I don't see a train ID departing from Cambridge after 10:45. Do you have it?
TR5669 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 13:44. May I help with anything else?
I am looking for a park, can you help me with that?
Is there an area you prefer?
I do not have a preference on a side of town.
I would recommend the cherry hinton water play on the east. It is also free admission.
Sorry, how long is the travel time on the train?
It is 163 minutes
Can you also tell me about some parks that I could visit?
May I suggest [cherry hinton water play], since it will be warm out. It's located in the east.
Thanks. Can you please give me its address?
Their address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. Good day.


Am looking for the Parkside Police Station
You can contact them at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Can I also get their phone number please?
Absolutely, their phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks for all of your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You've given me everything I need. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.


Yes, I'd like to know what there is to see in the center of town.
There are over 40 attractions in city centre. Do you have any ideas on what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Some type of fancy architecture would be neat.
all saints church has some stunning architecture and is located in the centre. It's also free to visit!
Great, I like free! Can you give me the postcode and phone number to [all saints church] please?
Phone number is 01223452587 and postcode is cb58bs.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about [J Restaurant]?
Absolutely, its an Asian Oriental restaurant, listed as cheap price range, & located in the centre area. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, for 5 people at [13:00] on Tuesday.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EIYUL9L9 .
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the church to get me to the restaurant for my reservation?
No problem. I've arranged for a blue Ford to pick you up at All Saints in time to reach the restaurant at 1 pm. The number is 07245127340. Anything else?
No that will do it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.
you are welcome to use our services anytime.


Hi! My friends told me about a restaurant called the [nirala]. What can you tell me about it?
Hello, the nirala is an indian restaurant in the north area. It is moderately priced.
thank you! Do you have the phone number for that restaurant?
Yes. The phone number is 01223360966. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge and going to norwich.
There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you'd like to travel?
Yes, I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by [16:45].
TR1036 will arrive at 15:55. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Not yet I need information on travel time and the price.
The option arriving at 15:55 would cost 14.08 pounds and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thank you goodbye
Is that all you needed today?
Thats it, thanks
Thank you. Good day.


I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars and has free wifi.
There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
I also need free parking. Do they have that?
We have 19 that match your search now. Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. Can you book one of them for Friday for me?
You are set. I have made you a reservation at the [Limehouse] for Friday night.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that reservation please?
Sure, for how many nights will you be staying?
I just want the reservation number for Friday please.
I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know how many nights you'll be staying. Also, how many people?
4 nights. 3 people. Please include reference number in your response.
Sure, your room is booked, and your reference number is USB3QCDT . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd also like to line up a place to eat, if you could help me with that.
Sure thing! What type of cuisine are you looking for, what area of town, and/or what type of price range?
I'd like a moderately priced [European] restaurant in the centre, please.
[Hotel du vin and bistro] serves european food in the moderate price range. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please. I need a table on Friday at [12:30] for 3 people, please.
The booking was unsuccessful, would another day or time work?
How about Friday at [11:30]? Please include the reference number for the booking.
I have booked a table for 3 at 11:30. Your reference number is OUR3L525 . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. How far away is the Restaurant from the hotel?
The hotel's address is 78-80 milton road.
Thank you for all your help today.
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be all.
Thank you for using are service and let us know if you have any future needs.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Sure. What would you like to know ?
I need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Sunday.
I would be happy to help. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11. How early do you want to depart?
anything after [13:00] please
I have the TR8241 leaving at 13:11. Will that work?
That's perfect please make a booking for 5 and then let me have the reference number. Also can you help me find an architecture attraction?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 20RFDCGC .
Can you help me find an architecture attraction to visit?
Yes, I can help with that. There are 5 attractions in the center of Cambridge, 4 are churches and the other is an old school. 4 are free and 1 costs 2 pounds. Do you have any preferences or would you simply like a random recommendation?
Just give me a recommendation please.
[all saints church] is very nice can I give you information on that one?
Yes please, what area of town is it in?
It is in the centre and it's free.
Sounds great. That is all I needed. Bye.
Okay perfect. Have a great day, goodbye.


Hello, I am in the centre of town, what types of attractions are available here?
There are a lot of different attractions in the centre area from museums to architecture to theatre. Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
Can I please have the information for the museums?
I have 11 museums in the centre. Would you like all their addresses?
Only the address of the one you recommend please. I will also need the entrance fee.
I recommend [Broughton House Gallery]. The address is 98 king street and the entrance is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the phone number?
Absolutely, it is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an expensive restaurant in the same area?
Sure, there's a joint that serves british food, it's called the cambridge chop house, does that interest you?
and it's expensive?
yes it is in the expensive price range


I'm looking for a [Swedish] restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
I am sorry. There are no Swedish restaurants in this city. Is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find?
[mediterranean] food.
There are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer the expensive price range.
la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range. their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome, thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


Please help me find [people's portraits exhibition at girton college].
People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is located at Girton College on Huntingdon Road in the west side of town. Would you like their phone number?
Please send me their address.
Sure, the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road cb3ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.
Great! By the way, there is no entrance fee as well. Let us know if we can help with anything else.


I need to take a train here on Friday, I will be coming from Leicester.
Train TR3190 Leicester to Cambridge leaves Friday at 6:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there one that leaves after [10:00]?
Yes, the TR8659 leaves at 10:09.
THanks, please book it for 8 people. I'll need to reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IOJTYL4C . Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.
What are you interested in? There's architecture, colleges, cinemas, etc.
It doesn't really matter, as long as it is in the centre. I will just need the address, postcode, and phone number.
May I recommend the primavera museum in the centre of town located at 10 king s parade in post code cb21sj. Their phone number is 01223357708
That's perfect! Thank you for your help!
Of course. No problem. Can we help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service today.


I'm looking for lodgings offering free wifi and free parking.
Certainly, which part of town would you prefer to stay in?
The centre, please.
There are 4 choices for you to choose from. May I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I will need something with free wifi and parking
Yes, the [Alexander] offers those. [El Shaddai], [Gonville Hotel], or the [University Arms Hotel] all do as well, if those sound more appealing. Can I book you a room?
Are they in the east or centre?
All of them are in the Centre. Two are in the cheap price range and two are expensive. Would any of those suit?
I really wanted a hotel in the moderate price range. Can you look in the east please?
I have 2 options here. Shall I book you for [carolina bed and breakfast]?
Sure, could I get the address please?
138 perne road is the address. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on Friday. I need to arrive by [08:15].
Thank you for being so informative. I have two trains available. Both will get you there before 08:15. One leaves at 05:21 and the other at 07:71. Which do you prefer?
I will take the 5:21. Can you please give me the travel time, train ID, and price?
The travel time of the 5:21 is 49 minutes, arriving at 6:10. Train ID is TR2515 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets?
I don't want to book at this time, just the information. So that's all thanks!
Glad I could help. Have a good day.


I'd like to find an interesting attraction in the city center.
There is lots to see in the centre. Were you looking for a certain type?
No I have nothing in particular in mind.
Would you be interested in architecture, a museum, or perhaps theatre?
Let's do a museum. Can you please send me the postcode, and phone number please.
we can do [Museum of archaelogy and anthropology], it is in university of cambridge, downing street. code number cb23dz. their phone number is 01223333516
Thanks. I am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. I'd like to have [Chinese] food for dinner.
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre. What is your price range, please?
A moderate price range would be best.
There are 3 options. I recommend [jinling noodle bar].
That sounds interesting. Can I get reservations for Thursday?
What time would you like?
I would like to reserve it for [11:15] for 8 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : YNWUFRQ4 .
Great, now can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant from the museum in time for that reservation.
Booking completed! The car type is a black honda and the contact number is 07016630526. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, that's it for now! Have a good day!
Thank you and enjoy the city!


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
How about All Saints Church?
Do you have a college to recommend instead?
[Christ's College] looks good, it's in the city centre and has a free entrance fee.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?
Sure! The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a train leaving on Monday.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to, please?
From stevenage to cambridge please
Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
I will be leaving from Stevenage and heading for Cambridge.
I would recommend the train that leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price of this particular train?
It is 12.80 pounds.
Does that train arrive by [17:00]?
Yes, it arrives at 14:43
Thank you, that will be all.
Alright, just to confirm you do not need me to book you for the train?
No, thank you. That will be all. Thanks!
Thank you and goodbye


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital. The hospital should have the [paediatric clinic] department
The telephone for the paediatric clinic at Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223348313. The hospital address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you. That was all I needed.
You're welcome. I hope you have a great day!


I need to take a train to cambridge on tuesday.
ok, what are your travel times?
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as the train arrives in Cambridge by [17:45]
May I please get your place of departure?
I'm going to be leaving birmingham new street and need to arrive by 17:45
Okay. The TR0749 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time but can you also find me an architecture attraction in the centre of town.
I'd recommend all saints church. Would you like more information on it?
Please give me the telephone number,email address, address and admission fee for [All Saint Church]?
They offer free entrance. They are located on Jesus Lane. Phone number is 0122345287. Unfortunately, they do not provide us with email addresses. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria, would you prefer italian or indian food?
Let's try [indian], please
royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and in the north part of town. is there anything else i can help you with?
What is the name of the [Italian] restaurant?
[da vinci pizzeria]
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thanks so much!
Thank you. Good bye


I'm visiting Cambridge soon and would like to visit a museum in the centre. Can you help me with that?
Sure we have many. Do you have a preference on what type of museum?
No, the first one would be good. Could I also get the entrance fee and postcode.
Sure! The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. It's free to get in!
Can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the centre as well? I would like one that serves [European] food.
I've found 8 restaurant that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by price range?
Something in the moderate price range would be best thanks!
I have four listings that match the criteria, how about the [galleria]? It's in the centre with a moderate price range.
Sounds good, can you book a table for one person at [18:45] on Tuesday? I'll also need the reference number, please.
I've successfully booked a table for 1 at Galleria! Your reference number is QUI2WHRK . Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is nothing else today. Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you very much for booking with us.


Yes, I need help finding a restaurant there in Cambridge.
There are quite a few restaurants here in the city! Did you have a particular type of food in mind, or a price range you'd like to stay within?
I am actually looking for [Efes Restaurant]. I would like to book a table for 7 people on Sunday at [19:30]. And please provide a reference number.
Ok your Booking was successful you Reference number is 3G02X88X .
Thanks. Can you check on trains for me?
As there are quite a few trains, what is your destination, departure, and arrival time needed? I will narrow them down for you.
I will be departing birmingham new street on Sunday. I want to arrive at cambridge by [14:15].
TR7468 would arrive Cambridge at 13:23. Would that work fine for you?
That would be great. I will need 7 tickets booked please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UI1LGPAY .
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!


I'm bored and need to venture out into the centre. What should I absolutely go see?
there are lots of museums, colleges, and churches to visit
What kind of museums are offered in that area?
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to enter.
Perfect. I also need a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by [20:15].
Can I ask where you're departing from and what day?
departing from peterborough and going to cambridge.
There are quite a few trains all week that could fit your needs. Which specific day are needing so we can narrow these down a bit.
I'll be travelling on Wednesday
Tra TR0922 leaves at 13:17 and you will arrive by 14:L08 that is the latest one,can I book it for you ?
May I have the price ?
The fare is 23.60 pounds
How long is the train ride from Peterborough to Cambridge, please?
The trip will last 50 minutes
Thanks, that's it for today. Goodbye!
Did you want reservations?


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of [Acorn Guest House].
Sure, what would you like to know about it?
I would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZZPP7K9D . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, can you help me find a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Friday?
Sure, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [12:30] and leave on Friday.
There are 12 trains matching your search. Will you be wanting me to book one for you?
Yeah, choose one and book it for 8 people. Then give me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Your on train number TR4431 and your reference number is FL53PCPE . Anything else today?
No, that's all for me! Thanks so much, goodbye!
Have a nice trip!


Yes, I need a train for Tuesday.
What time of day would you like to travel, and to where?
I'm departing from Norwich on Tuesday and need to arrive in Cambridge by [09:15].
Train TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes how long is the travel time?
Travel time will be 79 minutes total.
Great! This information is all I need. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I want to find out about expensive restaurants in the centre.
There are 33. What kind of cuisine would you like?
Expensive and in the cetre of town and I need you to book it for 6 at [20:00] on Wednesday
The price range is not cuisine. What kind of food do you like?
I do not care about the kind of food. Surprise me.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at [Kymmoy]. Reference number is : F6AK4P82 .
Get me a hotel in the same area with the same price range for 5 staying for 2 nights, with a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time
How does the [gonville hotel] sound to you?
Great. I'd love to book it.
Your booking was successful, and the reference number is TCGX5CE3 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Give me contact number and car type too.
Taxi from Kymmoy to gonville hotel Booking completed! Booked car type : red volvo Contact number : 07290822722
That is all, thank you so much for your help!
You are welcome, have a great day.
Thanks you too. Goodbye.
Enjoy your time in Cambridge, goodbye


I'm looking to find [Addenbrookes Hospital] please.
They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
Do you have a driver who can take me there?
Sure, where are you departing from?
Actually, can you please give me the phone number?
Their general number is 01223245151. Do you need anything else?
Could you give me the address and postcode please?
They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ.
Ah, OK, yeah you said that earlier. Sorry, I got distracted by the car thing but my friend said he could give me a lift. Thanks for everything.
Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.


Hi I am looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, there is no such place in town. Could you like to consider other areas of town?
how about one that is in the type of cinema?
Vue cinema is available, they are at the grafton centre, east road, postal cb11ps, they can be reached at 08712240240, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, is there a restaurant also in that same area?
what price range do you want your restaurant.
I'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the cheap, please.
There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you want to eat?
I don't care. What do you recommend out of those options?
The [Dojo Noodle Bar] is available, should I book it for you?
Yes. It'll be just me dining. I want to reserve thursday at 18:00 there. Give me the reference number too please
I am unable to book at this time.
Oh, that's too bad. How about Monday?
I am unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Try once more in case they fixed the system glitch, if not Ill try any other place that you recommend.
I am still unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Yes please that would be okay I guess.
How many people will be dining?
1 person at [18:00] on Monday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XL39ZCSJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you have a taxi pick me up at [vue cinema] and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by [18:00]?
A black toyota has been booked, and you can call 07409806592 to reach the driver if you need. Anything else today?
That's everything! thanks a bunch! bye!
I want to confirm your restaurant reservation is for Dojo Noodle Bar. Sorry for the previous delay. I am glad I was able to help you. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [North American] food.
Gourmet burger kitchen serve North American food do you want me to book a table?
I also need it in the expensive price range.
Yes, the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is rated as expensive. Would you like to book?
I need the post code actually.
The post code for gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge, arriving by [12:30] on Wednesday to Bishops Stortford.
If you take the TR8224, you'll get to Bishop's Stortford at 12:07.
And what's the travel time on that?
The travel time on TR8224 is 38 minutes.
Great! Thanks for the information. That will be all for today. Have a great day!
You're very welcome. You have a great day as well, goodbye!


I want to find a restaurant in any area and servings [persian] food.
Sorry, there are no restaurants serving Persian food available. May I help you find a different sort of food?
[vietnamese], please. Give me their address and phone number as well.
Yes, the restaurant name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre


Are there any theatres nearby?
There are 4 theater's in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information on any of them?
Could you please recommend one and give me the phone number?
I recommend the [mumford theatre] in the centre. Their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a guesthouse to say in. Preferably a 0 star one.
city centre north b and b is a zero star guesthouse. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? I actually need a guesthouse in the south with free parking.
I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses in the south with zero stars and free parking. There is a 3-star guesthouse called bridge guest house. Are you interested?
No let's try looking in the north instead
[City centre north b and b] is in the north area and has free parking. Would like reservations?
Yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on Saturday.
Have you booked, 9L1SUXC3 is your confirmation. Anything else?
Just a taxi leaving the theatre by [10:45] and going to the hotel.
Your ride will be there at 10:45. They will be in a black Audi and their number is 07262280207.
Can I get a shuttle back to the airport?
A shuttle? We don't provide those, we do have trains however.
I mean I would love to have a taxi
I've already booked you a taxi - the information is above. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks, and goodbye!
Alright, glad to be of service. Bye!


I want a [french] restaurant on the west side please.
I was unable to find any french places on the west part of town.
Is there any [thai] restaurants on the west side?
Yes, there is [sala thong], which is an expensive restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address, please?
Their phone number is 01223323178 and addres is 35 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you also help me find [Byard art]?
The address is 14 King's Parade in the South area.
Is it a museum?
Yes, it is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks that's all I need
Awesome. We're here if you need any more help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am trying to find a hospital that has a [transplant high dependency unit].
Addenbrookes Hospital has a transplant high dependency unit. The phone number for the transplant high dependency unit is 01223216811. Would you like the address and postcode as well?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Okay. Thanks and have a great day!


Do you have any trains to leicester for Wednesday?
Yes, there are 19 trains running to Leicester on Wednesday, the first at 5:21 and then every hour thereafter. Would you like more specific information, or to book some tickets?
I will be departing from Cambridge after [12:15]..
TR2854 leaves at 12:21 would that work for you?
Perfect. I'll need 8 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : J3I2TFTK .
Are there any nice parks in town?
I have 5 different parks in town. Did you have a certain area of town you prefer?
No, any you recommend will be fine. I'll just need a phone number, postcode and address, please?
I'd recommend milton country park on milton country park, milton, cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. Will that be all?
Yes, I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today!


I can't seem to find any information about the [cambridge and county folk museum], please help.
sure their phone number is 01223355159. anything else you'd like to know?
Can I get the address and what type of attraction it is?
2-3 castle street and its a museum,
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from Cambridge after [17:30].
Okay, what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and going to Peterborough.
TR9561 departs at 17:34. Does that work for you?
yeah can you get me a ticket?
Booking was successful, reference number is 5OUM8ZE9 . The fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with a restaurant maybe?
No. That's it for now. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a nice stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Are there any places to go in the west of town?
There are 13 attractions in the west part of town, they have colleges, and museums. Would you like one of those?
Can you give list me off the first one? I need the address, phone number and postcode.
Churchill College is located at Storey's Way with a postcode of cb30ds. The phone number is 01223336233.
Sounds good. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi nearby?
There are 3, Finches Bed and Breakfast, Huntington Marriott Hotel, and Cambridge Belfry. Marriott is expensive, the other two are cheap. All 3 have free parking. Shall I book one?
Are any of them cheap and in the same area as the college?
Yes. I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Which one of those has free parking?
Both of those include free parking.
Okay, can I see the address for Cambridge Belfry?
Sure. It's located on Back Lane in Cambourne. Anything else?
Thank You very much. That's all I needed.
Thank you, please let me know if you need any more help.
That's all. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a great night.


I am looking for a nearest police station
Parkside, Cambridge police station, the telephone number is 01223358966
I also need the police station's address and postcode, please.
Their address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. Can I assist you further?
No, that's all. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


I need to find somewhere to stay in the south
The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price range? I'd like something in the cheap price range.
Then, I would recommend [rosa's] bed and breakfast, a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Do you need more information?
As long as it has free wifi I'll be happy!
Great, shall Il go ahead and book you then?
Can I get their postcode?
rosa's bed and breakfast post code is cb22ha
I am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the south, near to my hotel. Do you have any options?
I have 2 choices. The Lucky Star serves chinese. And, Nando's is a portuguese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
I was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price. Lets go with [Nando's]
Okay would you like to make a booking?
Can you just verify, is there an [international] restaurant in the south or no?
I have confirmed there are no international options, do you want to stick with nandos or run another search?
Are there no international places to dine in the area? Anything other than British food in the area?
As I mentioned earlier, the only options in the south that are cheap are The Lucky Star (chinese) and Nando's (portuguese). Do you want me to search another area or price?
Sorry, this is the husband, Im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. Please book us for Nandos at [13:45] on tuesday for 5 people, thank you.
Thank you sir, I was starting to think this was a prank, you are set, your reference number is YNZ558E6, can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places please.
I can help, where to and from, and what time?
Thank you! From the hotel to the restaurant, please.
Sure! When would you like to leave/arrive?
by the restaurant booked time.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volkswagen Contact number : 07559655717 Can I help you with anything else today?
Awesome. Thanks for all of your help. I have everything I need now.
I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.


Can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?
Absolutely! What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after [09:15], please.
You have a few options available if you're traveling from bishops stortford to cambridge. There is a train leaving at 09:29, Does that work for you?
Great. Let's book it for 6 people. Give me the reference number.
Your train has been booked for 6 people. The train ID is TR2083. Your reference number is WCVY3PV1 .
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.
You have 17 options that meet that criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow your options down?
The place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.
Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I do not.
I'm sorry. Nothing is coming up for your specifications. I need you to narrow down your info.
Well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from Friday for 6 people.
How about [bridge guest house]? They are moderately priced with free wifi and parking and 3 stars.
That sounds great. Can I book 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday.
I have you booked, the reference number is VM1KGTU7, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!


I need a train to Cambridge.
Ok, when and where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford on saturday, and I need to get to cambridge at or a little before [14:00].
I can get you a train arriving at Cambridge at 12:07, how many tickets will you be needing?
Just one, please.
I booked Train ID TR4594. Your price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need the reference number for the booking please.
Yes that is MKL2A4KD . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I'd like to find a train arriving in peterborough by [8:00].
There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56. Which day were you planning to travel?
I am planning to travel on Thursday.
There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, I'll need 4 tickets please.
Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .The reference number is : ZW9TAO4I .
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.
You are quite welcome. Have a good day.


I want a restaurant in the centre and serves [japanese] food. What is the address?
Wagamama serves Japanese food and is in the center area of town. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank You!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Have a great day. Thank you for using the services


I am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge
I can find you a train. What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by [14:45].
I have trains that meet you criteria for most days of the week, do you have a day or departure time preference?
I want to leave on Wednesday.
TR9545 arrives at [13:38] on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would. Could you book that for 6 people, please?
The booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is LNKDUQPE .
thank you so much for your help
welcome again next time.enjoy the journey
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.


I just need a little help booking a train from cambridge.
Where are you traveling to?
To Bishops Stortford I need to arrive by [12:45] on Tuesday.
What time do you need to depart and on what day?
I don't care what time I depart as long as I can arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.
Alright perfect! How many people will need tickets?
I will need 4 tickets please.
Your reference number is SIRFMX3O . May I help you with anything else today?
Can you find a hotel for me called [Alexander Bed and breakfast]?
That's a 4-star guesthouse in the city centre. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting Saturday.
Great! The reference number is ZFGSW8HU, do you need help with anything else?
Nope, That's all I need. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side.
There are many guesthouses and hotels on the north side. Do you have any preferences?
I would like for the place to be 0 stars but has to include free wifi and free parking.
I found the [City Centre North B and B]. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes. I want to book it for 8 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.
Okay, your all set. The reference number is 0IS0GU49 . Can I do anything else for you?
That's all, thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay!


Can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves [british] food in the east?
I have located the [grafton hotel restaurant], would you like more info or a booking?
Please book reservation for 2 people at [16:00] on Friday. Send me the reference number.
Ok, I made your reservations. Your reference number is 23EKIUFO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
give me the address and postcode.
Sure, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the post code is cb58pa. Can I do anything else for you today?
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.
I'll be glad to find you a place, first is there an area or price range you recommend?
The price range doesn't matter.
Well what area are you interested in?
I need a guesthouse, including free parking. It should have a 4 star rating on Friday. Can I get the phone number and address?
I recommend [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]. It's located close to where you'll be dining and is moderately priced. Their address is 138 Perne Road and their phone number is 01223247015.
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. I need to leave the restaurant by [19:00].
I have booked that taxi for you. Be expecting a grey Toyota. Should you need to contact the taxi company, you can call 07048450899.
Thank you very much. I think that is all I need.
Have a nice day!


Please find me a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
Would you prefer to stay in the north, west, centre, or east section of the city?
I would like a place in the north.
There are two hotels in the north that fit your criteria - The [Ashley Hotel] and the [Lovell Lodge]. Would you like to book one of these?
Are either of them a 4 star? That's what I'm looking for. What are their postcodes?
There are no 4 star hotels in this area.
Okay well I need free parking and wifi. do either one of these hotels have those amenities?
I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I try something else?
Could you pick a hotel in the north with free wifi and parking for me and send me the postcode please.
There are none with that criteria in the area. Would you like to change the perimeters slightly and I shall try again?
How about just a place in the north with a 4 star rating?
Would you like a hotel or guest house?
A hotel with free wifi and parking on the north side.
I'm sorry but we have no hotels on the north side meeting your criteria. Could we try another area?
no it will be inconvenient for me
Sorry I couldnt help good bye


i am looking for information in Cambridge. A a place to dine.
which side of town and what is the price range?
Moderately priced, in the centre of town.
There are 21 great places to choose from. Do you have a certain type of restaurant you are looking for? Perhaps Italian or European?
I want to eat [Thai] food.
There aren't any Thai restaurants in that price range in the centre of town. Would you like to try something else?
Let me know about your [Italian] restaurants.
Okay, I found two options for you: [Pizza Express] and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Do either of those appeal to you?
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at [13:45] on thursday
I was able to book your table. Your reference number is : OSAGFN8W .
Thank you. I will also need a hotel in that same area. Please, no guesthouses!
There are 3 options for hotels in the centre. There is one 0 star, one 3 star and one 4 star option. Which would you prefer?
I want the place with 0 stars.
[Cityroomz] has a 0 star rating with free internet, but does not provide parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. For 2 nights.
How many people will be staying with you and what day would you like to reserve your hotel room?
Two for the same day. I need a taxi to commute between the two places to be sure it arrives by the booked time. The contact number and car type?
Your room is booked, ref #DOSETWFU, and a red Audi will pick you up and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. Contact number 07840525996.
I have the hotel and the taxi already?
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, Those are all i need for today.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
you too have a great day
Thank you so much.


I want a nice park to visit while i'm in town.
Great! You might like [Milton Country Park] in the north. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address please?
Their address is milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the south part of town.
Of course. Would you prefer Italian at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton or Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european?
I want [Italian], so let's go with [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton.
Great, they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Could I get a postcode and a phone number?
The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223323737.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to get to the attraction by [10:15]. Can you help?
What will be your departure site?
I'd like to leave [Milton Country Park] by [10:15] and go to [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton.
Just to clarify, would you like to arrive at milton country park by 10:15 or leave the park by 10:15?
I want to leave the park by 10:15.
Thank you, I have booked you a grey ford taxi, the contact number is 07348401469. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need now. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hello, can you recommend any architecture that I could see in the Centre of town, please?
Definitely! [All Saints Church] is a great place to visit, and it's free!
Could I have the address and phone number?
Jesus lane and 01223452587. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the center of town please.
We have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse and university arms hotel, do you have an interest in either?
I would want something expensive that has free parking. Do either have those?
[University Arms Hotel] is both expensive and offers free parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Book for 2 people for 3 night starting Sunday.
Your stay at the University Arms Hotel has been booked for 3 nights starting Sunday, for 2 people. Your confirmation code is FU4Z3J7P .
Thank you, that will be all.
Your welcome, have a great day!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.
I have one in the north area would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to stay in the east and it needs to have free wifi please.
Unfortunately, I cant find a listing in the east part of town, the next listing available is in the centre and it does have free wifi.
The centre will be fine. Can I have the info on that one,please?
That would be the [El Shaddai]. They offer free parking and wifi. They are located at 41 Warkworth Street. Their postcode is cb11eg. You can reach them at 01223327978.
I would like to find something fun to do in the East.
What kind of entertainment are you looking for?
Just pick an attraction in the same area as my hotel that you personally recommend and tell me its type
Maybe [Old Schools], it is an architecture attraction.
Ok. I want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by [10:45] and take me to the hotel. Please give car type and contact info
I have booked a taxi service for you. The car will be a yellow honda and the phone number to reach them is 07991691380
Thank you for your help.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


I was just robbed and i need some assistance please.
Please contact the Parkside Police at 01223358966
Can I get the postcode?
Absolutely! The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
I hope things work out for you. Goodbye.


I want some advice on places to go.
What area of town would you be in?
I don't have a preference.
How about the [vue cinema] located in the centre of town?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?
I'm uncertain about the entrance fee. The postcode is cb11ps and the phone number is 08712240240. anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find a [mediterranean] restaurant in the cheap price range.
[the gardenia] should meet your needs.
Great, can you give me the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223356354. Do you need anything else?
And what area are they located?
The Gardenia is in the centre of town.
Ok, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.
i am happy i have been of help. welcome any time.


I am looking for a college attraction to go to in town.
There are several colleges in either the centre or west part of town. Which area do you prefer?
The centre please.
There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Does entrance fee matter to you?
Not really, but what is the fee?
Most are free, but Corpus Christi has a 2 pound fee, Saint John's has a 2.50 pound fee, and Trinity has a 1 pound fee.
I need a train that leaves at [20:45] from stevenage to cambridge
What day would you like to travel by train?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.
There are 10 trains, TR9448 leaves at 5:54 would that work for you?
That works can I have the travel time for that please?
TR9448 leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43. The travel time is 49 minutes.
I've mixed up my locations. I actually need a train that departs from Cambridge and goes to Stevenage.
I only have two trains that leave from Cambridge Wednesday. The TR9016 departs at 21:21 and the TR6387 departs 23:21.
What is the price?
Both options are 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book one of these options?
Can you tell me the duration of travel time please?
Yes travel is exactly 49 minutes.
What about the train ID?
The train ID for the departure at 21:21 is TR9016 and the trainID that departs at 2312 is TR6387. Would you like me to book on of these for you?
I need an earlier train.
TR9016 is the earliest departure after 20:45. Would you like to change your specified time?
No, TR9016 will do.
I ha e booked your ticket. Your confirmation number is VBAEMG3Z . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you let me know if you need anything else.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
I can help with that. Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from norwich.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after [18:15]. Can I have an arrival time and price?
TR5488 will depart Norwich at 18:16 on Tuesday, arriving in Cambridge at 19:35. Would you like to book passage?
Can I get the price for that?
Each ticket costs 17.60 pounds.
i'm also looking for places to go in the east.
There are a few places ranging from boating to multiple sports attractions; what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I'm open to anything. How about the boating?
[camboats] is a great place in the East. Do you need their number?
Can I have the postcode please?
Their postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks that is enough for today
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I'm planning a trip and am finding the trains to be a bit confusing. Can you help me find one?
Yes I would be happy to help you. Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be departing from Stevenage and going into Cambridge on Sunday.
There are multiple trains on sunday. Do you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
I want to depart anytime after [15:30], so the soonest available train after that would be nice.
I have TR1577 leaving at 15:54, would you like me to book a ticket?
No, thank you, but could you tell me the arrival time?
Yes, the train arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay in a 0-star guesthouse in the center of town. Oh, and I need free parking.
I have the City Centre North B&B in the north and El Shaddai in the centre. Which would you prefer?
[El Shaddai], please. I need their phone number, address, and postcode.
Okay, their phone number is 01223327978.
Great, thanks so much! What is their address and postcode?
The address is 41 warkworth street and the postcode is cb11eg. Is there anything else I ca help you with?
Great. That's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I need help finding a cheap restaurant
What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm interested in [European] cuisine.
We have [the river bar steakhouse and grill] in the centre area, would you like more information?
Can you book me a table there for 7 on Friday at [19:45]?
Yes. Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ODB8T8HO . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes can you help me find a train as well?
Sure! Where would you like to come from? What day of the week and what time?
I would like to leave in Saturday.
We have several options! Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Ely please.
Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
The train should arrive by [13:00] and should depart from cambridge.
Your best best is TR0721, leaving Cambridge at [11:50] and arriving Ely at [12:07]. The trains only run every 2 hours on Saturdays.
Okay. Can you go ahead and book that train for 7 people please? And give me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : OKXUNQ4W
Thanks for the help, goodbye!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for info about the [curry king] restaurant.
It is in the centre of town, the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223324351and they are at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
Can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at [13:45] on sunday?
I have book a table for four at Curry King for Sunday at 13:45. The reference number is 16LCXAD5 . Can I help with anything else?
I also need a sports place to go on the east side of town.
The [cherry hinton village centre] is a multiple sports location.
Great. May I have their postcode please?
Yes, the postcode for the cherry hinton village centre is cb19ej for more infomation about the facility their number is 01223576412. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need for now. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Yes I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is moderately priced.
Sure, acorn guest house has 4 stars, would you like me to book it?
I need a place in the north, with free wifi.
You have about 8 places that would fit your criteria. Almost all are 4 star rated. If you don't mind a recommendation, the [Limehouse] is known as one of the best.
That sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 4 nights starting from Saturday.
I am sorry. It appears that the hotel does not have anything available. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different check in date?
What about 3 nights?
Okay, you're all set! Reference number is I198LDZ3 .
i am also looking for a place to go in town, college maybe?
There are no colleges in the north however [Christ's college] in the centre is nice with no entrance fee. Would you like the address?
Actually, could you give me the postcode? Thanks!
Christ's College postcode is cb23bu and address is saint andrew's street
Thank you. Also, what is the entrance fee if any?
There is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. You were tremendously helpful. Have a great day!
You too! Please let us know if you need anything else!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse.
I have quite a few what price range were you looking at?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 3 star hotel.
what about prefered side of town?
I don't have one, but I'd like one of 3 stars.
bridge guest house is a great place to stay.
Could I please have the address?
Yes their address is 151 hills road.
I am looking for places to go in town
I would like to recommend [All Saints Church] on Jesus Lane.
Is that in the centre?
Yes, it is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
what is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free.
okay thank you. i appreciate your help a lot. i think that is all for now. Goodbye
You're very welcome. Good bye.


I'm looking for a [modern european] restaurant in the centre.
Okay, we have some options here. Do you have a price range?
No, not really. Do you have a favorite?
I like [Eraina] which is expensive in the Centre. Are you looking for a table?
Yes I would like to book for 5 people at [14:45] on Saturday. Is there a hotel near there? Preferably 2 stars?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is X1MZQY3X .
If you could assist me with finding a hotel, I'd appreciate it. I really need a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
Well, we've got the [alexander bed and breakfast] in the same area that has both parking and wifi. Would you like to make a booking there?
It depends, I really want a hotel with a 2 star rating. Does it have a rating of 2 stars?
No, it has a 4 star rating. There are no hotels with your requirements in the centre area.
The hotel doesn't have to be in the centre, just a 2 star hotel type with free parking and wifi.
I have the [ashley hotel] located in the north.
That's wonderful. Please book for 5 nights for 5 people on Saturday.
Your room has been booked! Your reference number is 6F95T0XQ .
Thank you that is all I needed.
Have a great time.


Hi, I'm actually looking to stay at a luxury guesthouse.
The [Arbury lodge guesthouse] should work out for you.
does it have a rating of 4 stars?
The arbury does have 4 stars. It is moderate priced. Would you like that one?
Yes please that sounds good.
I need booking information,how many people,what day,and how many days you would like to stay.
I am looking to stay for 1 person, 4 nights, starting wednesday.
I'm sorry, but they don't have a room for that long. Would you like to shorten your stay?
Sure, let's try 2 nights instead.
Great! That worked and your confirmation code is 4MI69WKV .
Excellent! Now, what can you tell me about the [Da Vinci Pizzeria]?
It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and offers Italian food at low cost. Would you like me to make a booking?
Sure and I would like the address also. Thanks
Absolutely, I have made the booking and the address is 20 Milton Road in Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!
Oh, wait, I don't think I completed the booking at Da Vinci Pizzeria we were talking about. If you'd still like it I'll need a time, day, and number of people.
No that's ok. I just needed the address, no booking. Thank you!
You are welcome. If you need anything in the future, please let us know.
Have a great day! Thank you for your help!
Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!


I want to visit the [cambridge artworks].
Okay I found Cambridge Artworks on 5 greens road in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes I need to know if there is an entrance fee or not and the postcode for the area.
no entrance fee and the post code is cb13ef.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre. I am interested in a moderate price range. What can you recommend?
[the oak bistro] is an amazing british restaurant in the centre.
Great! Can i get their phone number, address and postcode?
The phone number is 01223323361. The address and post code are 6 Lensfield Road cb21eg. Would you like me to book a reservation for your party?
Yes please. I would also like to book a restaurant.
Great, ,can you let me know what day, time and how many people will be there?
Don't worry about booking me. I need to get a ride to the restaurant though.
Okay, I will need to know your departure location and a time to leave at or arrive by before I can book a taxi
I want to leave the restaurant at [04:30]. My destination is [Cambridge Artworks]. Please give me car type and contact info.
You are all set with a white tesla, contact: 07205500019
Thanks, I won't need anything else today
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Where can I find a swimming pool in the north of town?
I have two swimming pools listed north of town. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the [Kings Hedges Learner Pool]. Is there an entrance fee? Can I get their phone number please.
I am unsure if there is an entrance fee but their phone number is 01223353248, I'm sure they will be able to tell you of any entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes, I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge on wednesday. I would like to leave after [17:15] and my destination is stansted airport.
I have train TR8893 that leaves at 17:40 and arrives at the airport by 18:08. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. Please secure passage for 8 people on the TR8893.
Okay, the booking was successful. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is W2NAQGIF . Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Could you help me find a train to norwich?
Not a problem. Where are you departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave from cambridge on wednesday.
What time of day would you like to travel?
I don't have a preferred departure time but the train should arrive by [18:15].
TR1871 arrives by 16:55 and TR6838 arrives by 17:55. They are both the same price. Would you like to book one of these?
Book the TR6838 please. I'm also looking for a place to stay if you don't mind.
I have several different hotels. Are you wanting a certain area of town or any special accommodations?
I would prefer it to be a 4 star hotel, with free parking.
We have several hotels that meet your requirements. Would you prefer a hotel that is cheap or moderate in price?
Oh, I really don't worry about the price, so long as it has four stars and free parking.
Alright, might I suggest the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] then?
That sounds great - I want to book it for 5 people for two nights starting Monday.
Alright, I have your party booked at the Alexander. The reference number is : G2YMGI0L . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, that will be all.
You're welcome, have a great day.


Where is the hospital in Cambridge?
There are 66 medical facilities in Cambridge. Do you have a specific hospital in mind?
No, I just need a hospital in town and the postcode, please!
Addenbrookes Hospital is located in CB20QQ. Anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks!
Would you like the main number or a department number for any of the facilities in the hospital?


I am at [Sidney Sussex College]. I need to book a taxi to take me to [Ely Train Station].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by [17:15].
Your booking is complete! It will be a red Honda. The taxi contact number is 07850259093.
I think that is all, Thank you good bye.
Glad I could help, you have a great day, bye.


I'm visiting cambridge and I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
I have two options. One in the north and one in the center. Do you have a preference?
No, it should be in the moderate price range and include free wiki, though.
I'm so sorry but we don't have anything that exactly matches that. Since you want a 0 star how about a cheap guesthouse called el shaddai in the centre?
what about the one on the cheap range?
Yes I have two options for you. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.
I have made a booking for you for [city centre north b and b]. Your reference number is K9NGVLIT .
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant.
I'd be happy to help you. What kind of cuisine are you wanting to try?
i am actually looking to book a restaurant called [riverside brasserie].
What day would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for Thursday for 8 people for [13:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KUWF73DZ .
Thank you so much!
Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!
Glad I was able to help you. Have a good day.


Hello, I am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. Multiple sports would be best.
Unfortunately, we don't have any attractions that match that description. Could you like to explore other areas?
No. Could we try a museum in the centre of town?
The are 11 entries found for "museum" at the center of town. Would you like the first listing?
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks.
That would be the Broughton House Gallery. Do you need anything else?
Can I have the postcode, entrance fee and address? I also need a hotel within a moderate price range.
You can find Broughton House Gallery at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln, and entry is free.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in that same area?
We have [Cityroomz] in the area. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
OK, what nights and how many people?
Starting on Wednesday please. 2 nights for 2 people.
OK, you're all set for 2 nights at Cityroomz. Your reference number is NWD2GD50 . Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything I needed for today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using this system.


I need to book a taxi please.
Where would you like to go to and from?
I want to go to [hobsons house] from [bloomsbury restaurant]
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I want to leave bloomsbury restaurant after [11:45], please.
Your booking is now completed.
What are the details for the taxi, please?
You will be picked up by a black Audi. The contact number is 07866049938. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed today.
You are more than welcome!
Goodbye. I really appreciate your help.
Thanks for calling and do call us again. Goodbye.


I'm looking for someplace to go in the west.
Might I recommend the [Whale of a Time] entertainment venue?
Sure. May I have the phone number please?
Of course, it is 01954781018. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can I get a train departing ely and leaving on wednesday?
There are 10 trains that leave Ely on Wednesday, what is your destination?
Cambridge. Should leave after [15:00]
There are 5 trains leaving after 15:00. The times are 15:35, 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35. Which would you like?
The 15:35 will be fine. Please book that for four people.
Okay, I have four tickets booked on the 15:35 train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday. Total is 17.6 GBP, reference number UKD02OC6 . Anything else I may help with?
I have everything. Thanks
Glad to have been of service. Thank you and have a good day.


Are there any guesthouses with free parking?
Yes, there are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there an area of town or price range that you prefer?
I would like something in the centre that is cheap
Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai are both available.
Can you book [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] for me? I have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights, starting Thursday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is IY4GSCGL . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Bye.
Have a great stay! Goodbye!


Find a guesthouse hotel in Cambridge with free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area you'd like to stay in, and what price range do you prefer?
Are any of the guesthouses 4 stars?
Yes, I have 16 results that have a 4 star rating. To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in? Do you need free parking?
I'll take the one on top of your list, I'll arrive Saturday it's 3 people for 5 nights.
ok i've gone ahead and booked [acorn guest house] for you. your reference number is GXQZCBL8
Great! I've heard about a restaurant called [Curry Garden]. What can you tell me about it?
Sure! Curry Garden is in the Central region of town, and serves expensive Indian food. Does that interest you?
yes, please book a reservation here
Okay, when would you like me to book the reservation and for how many people?
make the reservation for saturday night for 3 people. can I have the full address? book a taxi to leave at 23:30 with contact info
I'm afraid I can't book the Curry Garden for 23:30, is there some other time you'd like?
Make the restaurant reservation for [21:00] and I need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2330. Send me taxi contact number and car type.
I'm sorry, but I'm running into an error booking that restaurant reservation. Let's take care of that before we get a taxi. Can you restate your request for the reservation?
I actually don't need a restaurant reservation. I do need a taxi, though. I need to leave [Curry Garden] at [23:30] and head to the hotel.
I'd be happy to help you book a taxi, what hotel is your destination?
Whatever hotel you booked me at. The reference number is: GXQZCBL8
Alright, you're all booked. Your taxi will pick you up at Curry Garden at 23:30 and take you to Acorn Guest House.
May I have the car type and a contact number for the driver?
That will be a red Honda, and the contact number is 07783493391. What else can I help you with?
I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Thanks. Have a nice day.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [fusion] food.
What price range and area would you like?
I do not care about the price range or area.
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants that serve fusion food in your area.
Ok, how about [vietnamese] food?
There is thanh binh in the west area at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362456.


Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.
What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.
At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by [11:45]. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.
I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?
Your reference number is CIGYXAW9 . Do you need anything else?


i want to do some boating today
The [Cambridge Punter] is located at 251a Chesterton Road. Would that fit the bill?
Is that located in the north?
Sorry, the cambridge punter is in the center, but there's the Riverboat Georgina in the north.
Perfect, could you give me their post code?
of course! it is cb41as
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north.
We have guesthouses and hotel ranging from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference on price range so we can narrow it a bit more?
The hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 4.
we have quite a few in the north when are you planning your stay?
5 nights, starting from Thursday. For 3 people. Reference number please.
Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.
I would recommend the [archway guesthouse], do you want more information or a booking?
I would like you to book please.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6WM7SEWY . Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 3:15. Please provide the contact number and car type.
I will work on looking for one and let you know shortly.
Great thank you so much.
You're welcome! What is you destination?
I want to go to the [Riverboat Georgina], please.
what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by [3:15] please.
I'm sorry, you mentioned that earlier. I've got your taxi booked. It will be a red Tesla, the contact number is 07760358173. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all for today.
Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.


I'm looking for a special place, can you help?
I need just a little more information to help. I think all places in Cambridge are special, and I would like to be able to narrow it down for you.
I am looking specifically for [Saint John's College].
sorry i dont have that in our list. is there something else i can do for you?
Okay, well I also need a train departing for Cambridge on Wednesday.
I have several trains headed to Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The train will be leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.
There are 10 trains running that route on Wednesday. Do you have a particular departure time in mind?
Yes at [11 am] , can you bnook the the one close to that time
How about the 11:59 that will arrive by 13:27? It is 16.60 pounds.
That will work can you book that for me.
do i book only one ticket
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, please confirm how many tickets you would like me to book, just the one?
No, please book for 8 people and can I get the booking reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 98NW4G1V . Anything else?
That's all I needed.
Wonderful, have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for architectural churches in the Cambridge area. Can you assist?
I have several churches listed, although none shown as architectural. May I offer a list for your consideration?
Yes that would be great.
It appears that there are not any located in Cambridge. Would you like me to find you one outside of Cambridge?
Sorry, I needed to find a museum in town. Can you help me with that instead?
I recommend Byard Art Gallery in the south. It's free to get in!
Could I have the phone number please? I also need a train leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Saturday, leaving by [13:15].
011223464646, is the phone. When will you travel?
I will travel on Saturday.
unfortunately the earliest train that day leaves at 14:01. would that be ok?
I need to ARRIVE by [13:15]. Tickets for 3 and the reference # too please
I have you book at TR7683 leaving at 10:01 your confirmation number is A2H0EFPT . anything else i can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help today.
You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye


I want a train that leaves after [10:30] and it needs to leave on Thursday.
There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.
The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.
I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R4CR5ASG .
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.
There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Yes try another area please.
We can consider a couple of options. There are moderately priced guesthouses in the east. The other consideration would be a moderately priced hotel in a different area.
guesthouses are fine if they are in the east. Do any of those have free parking and free wifi?
[carolina bed and breakfast] and warkworth house are both guesthouses in the east that have free internet and parking.
Alright, I'd like to book for 5 people and 2 nights on the same day as the train.
Your reservation for 5 people at Carolina Bed and Breakfast this Thursday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : BX36L29F .
Thank you, that's all I need today.
I hope you have a great stay. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for an museum.
I am showing a listing of 23 different museums in various areas of cambridge. Do you have a specific area you would like to visit?
Any area is fine. Do you have a favorite? Maybe we can check that one out. Which one do you like?
[Broughton house gallery] was great the last time I was there and I think you'll enjoy it as well. It even has no entrance fee.
Awesome, can I get the phone number, postcode and area for that?
The Broughton House Gallery is in Centre. The phone number is 01223314960, and the postcode is CB11LN.
Thank you, I am also looking for a hotel on the north side.
There are 5 hotels on the North side. Are there any specific accommodations you were looking for?
I like a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
[acorn guest house] would be nice for you
What are the prices like there?
Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel. They provide internet and parking. Would you like to book something?
Could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the guesthouse?
Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road. The postcode is cb41da and you can call them at 01223353888. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, a taxi, I want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by [22:00]
You're booked in a black Audi, contact number 07701261182. Can I help you with anything else today?
thats all I needed, thanks
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. Can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at?
I have several options for you. I have one hotel and the other 3 are guesthouses. All have free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a certain price range?
I would like to book the Hotel please?
Would you like to stay at Rosa's? It's a cheap guesthouse.
No, like I said, I would prefer the hotel. Can you please check availability for me at the hotel? I want Sunday and Monday nights for three people.
Your booking for the [lensfield hotel] was successful. Your reference number is CB8VVF4M . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes two more things, can I confirm the reference number as CB8VVF4M? Also, I want to make sure that the have free Wi-fi.
Your reference number is indeed CB8VVF4M . They also have free wifi.
Ok. Thanks. That's all I needed.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner.
I have several high end options available. Did you have a preference on the type of cuisine?
No, I don't have a preference.
Then may I recommend [Restaurant Two Two]. It is [French] and tre manufique! Would you like to make reservations?
Have you eaten there?
Yes. Would you like to book a table?
Sure, can you please book a table for four in the evening
I would be happy to make you a reservation, first I will need to know what day and time you'd like to reserve for.
For 4 people at [13:45] on Saturday. I'd also like the booking reference number, please.
Ok. I have booked your reservation. The reference number is RBBHGYRV .
Great, thanks a lot!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!


We would like recommendation of places we could go on the west side of town.
Do you have a type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to try [indian] food.
Sure, there are several options in that area. Did you have a price range in mind?
i want something expensive
I have 5 indian restaurants in the west. If I may, might I suggest the [Rice Boat]. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
Yes, could you please book that.
For how many and what time and day would you like to eat?
I need a reservation for 5 people for [16:15] on Tuesday.
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3IHPEMVX .
Great! Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the reservation time.
Where are you departing from?
I actually would like to hear about some attractions, then schedule my cab. Where are the fun places to go in town?
As far as attractions, we have all kinds, any preference on area of type of place?
I would like to find any type of attraction in the West, and would like a phone number please.
How about queens college? The phone number is 01223335511.
Sounds great, thanks! Can you please book me a taxi from [Queens College] to the restaurant, please? I need to arrive by the time of my reservation.
A white tesla will pick you up and take you to the Rice boat in time for your reservation. Your driver can be reached at 07114121468
Thanks so much for your help! That will be all today.
You're welcome. Glad I could be of assistance.


I'm looking for a particular hotel called the [kirkwood house]. Where is it, and what other information do you have about it?
the Kirkwood House is in the north and it sports a four star rating. It has internet and parking and the price range is moderate. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect. Can you reserve it for seven people?
Sure, I can book it for you. What day did you want to arrive and for how many days?
5 nights starting Thursday.
You are booked for 7 people, 5 nights starting thursday. Your reference number is ZFREK5SQ . May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a train to cambridge on thursday.
Where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Norwich and want to arrive by [13:00].
TR3078 departs at 11:16 and arrives by 12:35. Would you like a ticket?
not right now, what's the travel time on that ride?
The travel time of that train is 79 minutes.
thanks for your help you have been great!
You're welcome. Have a great time!


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.
What area of Cambridge will you be staying in? We have multiple hotels to choose from.
It doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.
You're in luck, I have 6 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are cheap with a 4 star rating. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.
I would recommend the four-star [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. It is a cheap offering in the centre and it has wifi.
do they have free parking?
They do, they are located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I am ready for a reservation.
I will just need number of people staying and number of nights and your arrival date.
Actually, I just need the address of the hotel.
Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Anything else I can help with?
I looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. Located in the centre.
There are 15 different restaurants that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you're interested in to narrow your choices down?
pick one for me and book for 2 people at [12:00] on Wednesday.
Charlie chan is a nice place I will book it for you


i need a place to stay
I'm happy to help you find something. To start, do you have a certain area of town in mind?
Centre, please. I want a type of hotel and free parking and free wifi, please.
Sure I have so many options. Is there an area of town you would like to stay in?
Oh, yes. The center, please.
I have 4 results for that, 2 are expensive and 2 are cheap. Which price range do you prefer?
It does not matter. Just make a suggestion and please provide the address.
I have a 4 star guesthouse in the cheap price range. It's located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Can I book for you?
I also need a swimming pool to go to.
[Parkside Pools] is also in the centre of town. would you like more info?
Yes, I'd like to have the address, phone number, and entrance fee, please?
No problem! 01223446100, gonville place, no entrance fee listed though.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
What time will you need the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave [the hotel] by [04:00]
Where would the taxi pick you up from?
As I said before, I want to go from my hotel to the swimmingpool
A grey audi will pick you up at [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] at 04:00 and take you to Parkside Pools. If you need to contact the driver, call 07011763423.
I think that is all that I need thank you for your help today. I appreciate it.
enjoy your stay in our lovely city!


Can you provide information about [Clare Hall]?
it is a college situated in the west, do you need the address?
I just need the area it is located in and the phone number please.
It's located in the west and the phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range.
I have many restaurants. Is there a type of food you would enjoy?
I really love [mexican]. Do you have one that serves that?
unfortunately, i do not. are there other cuisines that you like?
okay, how about [indian] food.
[Curry Garden] is a nice indian restaurant in the Centre. Should I book you any tables?
That sounds nice, can I get their phone number please?
Sure, the phone number is 01223302330. Is there something else I can help you with today?
Can you also book a cab to get me to the restaurant in time for my reservation?
No, problem, I just need to know what time you wish to get there and where you'll be arriving from.
I want to leave the restaurant by [11:45]. Going to [Clare Hall].
Okay, you'll be picked by a black lexus. Their contact number is 07229815705
Wonderful, you made me excited for this trip now can't wait!, That is everything, thank you.
You are very welcome. Goodbye.


I need some help choosing a train to Leicester.
I can help you with that. What is your departure site and day you would like to travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Saturday.
Do you have a time that you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after [21:00].
The TR7610 leaves at 21:21 and is a 105 minute ride to Leicester. Would you like me to book you seats?
Great can you get me 7 tickets for that?
TR7610 we have booked your train sir ! thank you !
Thank you very much! Also, can you recommend a hotel in the South part of town? I don't need internet or free parking.
There were no hotels that matched your criteria. Would you like to try a different criteria?
how about the north?
How about the [Ashley Hotel]? They have free internet and parking, though.
Yes please tell me their postcode and star rating.
The ashley hotel has 2 stars. They're in the postcode cb41er.
Ok thank you. That's all I need.
Your welcome, it's been my pleasure to assist you. Goodbye


Please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for a specific kind of food?
I am looking for [traditional] food in the centre part of town.
I'm sorry, there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town. Would you like to try something else?
How about [turkish] food?
[anatolia] serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre
What is price range?
Anatolia is moderately priced. Do you need additional information?
No, that is it. Thank you.
Thank you, have a nice day!


I am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
I'm sorry I have found no matches.
What about moderately priced 4 star lodging of any hotel type?
How about [avalon]? They're a guesthouse in the north.
Do they offer parking and wifi?
They do offer wifi but no parking.
Are there any that include both free parking and free wifi? The area doesn't matter.
The [Acorn Guest House] is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse that has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just have the phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223353888. May I assist you with anything else?
What area is that one in?
The Acorn Guest House is in the north. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything, thanks so much! Bye for now.
They are in in the north area.
ok, Thank you and good bye.
You are welcome, have a great day.


I am looking for concert halls.
The Man on the Moon is a fantastic concerthall located in the centre at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. I don't have an entrance fee available, but you could call 01223474144.
Great thank you for that information about it.
Excellent, can I help you with anything else today?
I also need information on [arbury lodge guesthouse]
It is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the postcode of it?
Certainly. The post code is cb42je and their phone number is 01223364319. What else can I help you with?
That will be it, and thank you for helping me.
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel in the west area. It doesn't need to have free parking.
There are four possibilities on the west side. Do you have preferred price range?
I don't have a preferred price range, but I'd like one with free wifi.
There are 4 places that provide internet on the west side. 2 are hotels, and 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do they have parking? I want one that does not have parking.
I'm not showing anything in that area of town with no parking. Would you like to try a different area?
Can you check and see if there's one in the north, please?
The [Avalon] is a guesthouse in the north. It offers free wifi but not parking. Does this meet your liking and would you like to book a room?
That works. Book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but the Avalon isn't available for those dates. Would you like to book starting on another day or for fewer nights?
How about 3 nights?
I was able to book if for that time. The reference code is QLM5YVJD
Wonderful, thank you. That is all I need. Bye.
You're very welcome, enjoy your stay. Thank you and goodbye!


I need to find a restaurant call the [nirala].
I'm sorry but I do not have a listing for that.
Perhaps you could try searching for "The Nirala"?
Yes, The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. It's a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north area of town. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you book a table for 5 people at [16:30] on Saturday.
Sure. Your reference number is OY06ANHY . Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for booking with us. Have a great day.


Can you help me find a train leaving on saturday departing from london kings cross?
Certainly! Where are you going? What time of day do you want to leave?
I am going to Cambridge and would like to leave after [11:45].
The TR5729 fits your needs. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the travel time for TR5729?
The travel time is 51 minutes.
That's great, I also need a hotel with free wifi, I would prefer a 3 star place, please.
Did you have a preference for the area?
In the centre please.
Okay I have one hotel matching those criteria called The [Gonville], would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Saturday, 2 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is 6IX4YPBK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.
Enjoy your visit!


I'm looking for a high end [Asian] restaurant
There are two high end Asian restaurants, Saigon City and Kymmoy. Would you like more information?
[Saigon City] sounds great. Can you help me book a table for 8 people at [17:00] on Thursday?
Saigon City does not have any booking space available for the day and time requested. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, could you please try for [16:00]? I'd like the reference number for that as well please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : G9ITHCS6 . Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a 4 star guesthouse if possible please.
There are several options to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area?
I'm not concerned with area, but I would like it to include free wifi access, please.
I have about 18 different options. To narrow it down, is there a price range you prefer?
I am not worried about the price range. Go ahead and choose one you would recommend and let me know the phone number and price range please.
Saigon city is expensive and has a phone number of: 01223356555
Terrific. You have been a great help! Goodbye.
It has been my pleasure! Have a wonderful day!


I need to take a train going to cambridge on Thursday.
sure, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.
Do you have a time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by [12:15]
I have a train that arrives by 11:58. May I book it for you?
Yes please for 6 people.
Okay. I have booked your train for 6 people with a total fee of 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is RTP2BQMF .
Great! Thanks! I'm also looking for something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what's in that area?
I have many options including architecture, cinemas, theaters and museums.
Whatever you recommend, I just need the name and entrance fee, if you will.
Let me see what I can find.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre. An attraction. Please tell me about some places.
Sorry, caught me napping. [Old school] is a great place for architecture, would you like more info?
Yes thanks. That sounds great. I am just interested in the entrance fee.
It is free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.
No thank you that will be all


I need to book a taxi from [warkworth house].
I will need a little more information before I can book it. What is your destination and what time do you want to depart/arrive?
i want to go to [rosa's] bed and breakfast and would like to arrive by [3]
I have booked you a taxi from Warkworth house to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. You will arrive by 3. The taxi is a blue skoda. Contact number: 07517822602
Thank you for your help today.
Certainly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need, thanks. Bye bye!
You're welcome. It was a pleasure to help. Please contact us again. Goodbye.


I'd like some help finding an interesting attraction in the center of town.
i have 44 places. can you tll me how much entry fee range is to narrow down our options?
I don't have a preference. Just recommend one and send me it's address and phone number.
Try clubbing at Kambar. The address is 1 wheeler street and the phone number is 01223842725. Do you need anything else?
I also need to see the schedule between Bishops Stortfod and Cambridge.
Is this for a Train? If so could you provide me with a day and/or time you are looking for?
Yes, can you help me find a train please. I will be traveling on Monday sometime after [21:45].
We have one train departing bishops stortford at 23:29 and arriving in cambridge at 24:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I also need reference number once it's booked.
Great, how many tickets do you want?


Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.
I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.
The cheap one is [the Cambridge belfry].
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IKC0PEFS .
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Monday.
sure I can help you with that, when are you leaving or when would you like to arrive and how many tickets would you like?
I need the tickets for 3 people. The same ones I am going to the restaurant with.
A train is leaving at 05:01 is that a good time?
I need to be in Broxbourne by 2:00. What time does the 05:01 get in? I'm thinking that might be a little early.
it leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01, my mistake
Okay, please book that train for the same group of people on Monday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KPSSVAA1 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great thank you! That's all I need today!
You're welcome. Have a great trip! Goodbye


I want to go to a theater in the east part of town. Can you help me find some?
I'm sorry, but there aren't any theatres in the east. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Oh darn. Well how about something in the type of swimmingpool on the east side?
There's the abbey pool and astroturf pitc. Their phone number is 01223902088.
Please give me their address and postcode.
The address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Postcode cb58nt
is there an entrance fee?
I'm sorry, I am not able to see their entrance fee. I'm sure if you call them, they will be happy to assist you. Is there anything else?
I need a train to go to London Liverpool Street.
okay, what day and time would you like to travel? Also, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving on Monday and would like to arrive by [21:15]. I will be departing from Cambridge.
TR7092 leaves London at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27. Will that work for you?
that should be fine. please make a booking for one person.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is I7F5ZKJA . Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.
You're welcome! Have a great time!


I am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There are a large number of options to choose from. Do you have a preference for the type of food you would like?
No I'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. I need to make a reservation for 2 on Sunday.
What time would you like your reservation?
[12:00] please, I will need a reference number. I also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after [10:30].
Okay. I have booked you for 2 at 12:00 at the [Dojo noodle Bar] on Sunday.
Great thanks so much. Can you give me the reference number and also I need to get a train when your ready.
The reference number is RLOFK7YF . What do you need for your train?
I need the train to leave Cambridge on Monday after 10:30 and go to Stansted Airport, and I need two tickets. I also need my reference number please.
There are 14 trains leaving Monday from cambridge to stansted airport after 10:30. The closest departure to that would be TR8207 leaving at 10:40. Shall I book this for 2?
Yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number.
Booking was successful for TR8207, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is W7D3D21R . Is there any further assistance needed?
That should be all thank you
Have a great trip!


I need a one bed hotel room near Cambridge on Friday. Can you assist?
You chose attraction and the hotels will not come up. I can assist with attractions.
I would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the Centre please.
It depends on what you like - do you like museums? Colleges? Music? Let me know so I can recommend something
I'm not particular. I'm just looking for something to do. Is there something that you could recommend as a you don't want to miss while your in town thing?
We have a great cinema here in town. It is called [Vue Cinema]. It's in the centre of town. Would that sound like something you would be interested in?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number?
Sure! They are located at The Grafton Centre, East Road, and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also interested in finding a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Thursday.
We have 19 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
i need the train to leave after [15:30].
I have a total of nine entries. Would you like to narrow it down? Or I have a train at 15:36, or 16:36 as well?
15 36 is good. book for 5 please
I've got your tickets booked. Need a place to stay?
May I have the reference number?
I will get that reference number for you.
Okay...do you have the reference number yet?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Hi, I'm looking for information on concert halls in the east. Can you give me any suggestions?
I'm afraid I didn't find any. Would you like to look in another area?
Yes an you check the south please?
unfortunately there isn't anything in that area either. would you like to try another location?
how about just entertainment instead?
I have two entertainment venues in the south. I have [Nusha] and [Tenpin]. Would you like their phone numbers?
could you please provide the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for each.
The tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The phone number is 08715501010 and the post cod is cb17dy.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi.
I have several guesthouses available. What area of town would you like?
Any area will do. Is there a cheap one that's 4 stars, with wifi?
We have several options that match your criteria across town. Before I recommend something, please tell me your budget range
I just need it to be cheap and available on Tuesday.
There are 7 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 5 nights starting tues. please.
I booked you a room at the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in Centre. The reference number is WA6812S5 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, I want to leave the attraction by [06:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey bmw Contact number : 07479503082 Can i help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.
You are welcome. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Bye.


I've just has a dispute involving an auto accident. I need some help urgently!
The number to reach the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966. I suggest you give them a call. They can help with the accident.
Thank you. What is the postcode for that station?
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you that's all!!
Thank you for using this system
On the contrary... thank YOU. Goodbye.
Good day and goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.
I can certainly help you with that! What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the south.
There is a hotel and a guesthouse available. Did you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range I just need it to be a hotel.
Ok, I can book you at the [Lensfield Hotel]. What day will you be arriving?
I would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
I can book the lensfield hotel on Tuesday for 5 people and 3 nights, is this alright?
Yes, that would be great. Please send me the reference number, too.
Would another day or a shorter stay work?
If you can't book it for 3 nights we can try two instead.
I was able to successfully do 2 nights, your reference number is VH33JKKF . Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be everything. Thanks!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


I have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the centre of the city.
There are plenty of hotels and guesthouses that would do the trick in that area. Do you have a price range?
I'd like it to be expensive.
I've found 2 hotels that fit your criteria. One is called Gonville Hotel and the other is University Arms Hotel.
Excellent. Can I get the phone number for the [Gonville Hotel]?
Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223366611 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is expensive. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. If there is a specific type of food you are interested in that would help to narrow down the possibilities.
I don't really care. It's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's expensive so it's nice.
[The Cambridge Chop House] would be my recommendation, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also need the reference number.
First I'll need to know how many are in your party, and what day and time you'd like?
There are 4 people. I would like it to be on Monday and arrive by [15:15].
I was able to book your table. Your reference number is FFFW4HLE .
Great, I am also looking for an expensive range guesthouse in the same area.
No, we don't have any guesthouses that are expensive.
I need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, centre, and has free parking, too.
I am sorry we have no guesthouse hotels in the centre of town. Would you prefer another location?
I needed it to be in that side. anyway thanks for your help
Are you sure you would not prefer another side of town?
Are there any hotels like that in that area?
We have two guesthouses in centre that are on the cheap side. The [alexander bed and breakfast] has a 4 star rating. Would you like that one?
Yes please just book that hotel for me.
What day would you be arriving at the guesthouse?
I get into town Monday. Is the guesthouse expensive?
It is priced cheap. Would you like a different price range?
No the price range is fine. Just make sure it is in the same area as the restaurant.
Great, how many people do you want to book at Guesthouse and for how many days?
Sorry, I actually want an expensive hotel with parking in that same area
There is one option. It is the [university arms hotel].
Okay, I want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 3 nights total
You are booked. Your reference number is PWFVG1HP
Thanks. Now I will be needing a taxi please. I want to depart from the hotel
What time do you want to leave or arrive by and what is your destination
I want to leave at [15:15] and go to the [cambridge chop house]
Booking completed! Booked red lexus and their contact number is 07732008521.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a good day!


What can you tell me about the [Lovell Lodge]?
It is a hotel in the north part of town in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating, free internet, and free parking
Thanks, could you give me the address and phone number?
No problem. The Lovell Lodge is located at 365 Milton Road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all thank you!
Have a good day.


I need a place to stay please. A hotel would be great.
There are 9 hotels available. Is there a certain area of the city you would like to stay in?
No, but I'm looking for a place with a 5 start rating and it should also have free parking.
My records do not show any 5 star hotels with free parking, however the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a 4 star hotel with free parking. Would that be okay?
The [huntingdon marriott] would be perfect.
Perfect! Can you tell me how many nights, people and what day you'll be arriving?
Please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
I could not get a room for you there. I was able to get one at [gonville hotel]. Your reference number is A4IJ54Q . Is there anything else?
Okay thank you for all your help.
Enjoy your stay


Yes, please help me book a train on Saturday.
We have a large amount of trains that day, is there a specific location?
I want to go from london liverpool street to cambridge.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after [08:45] please
The first train to London Liverpool street is at 09:39 and arrives at 11:07 in Cambridge. Does this time work for you? or would you like later?
Oh sorry, I wanted a train on Friday, not Saturday. Anything after 08:45 from london liverpool street. to cambridge.
I'm sorry. There is no train leaving from london live to cambridge on friday by 8:45. Would you like to try a different day or time?
what are the available options
I apologize for the earlier confusion, we do have trains leaving every two hours starting at 09:39 until 01:07am. Which time works for you?
Tell me the arrival time of the 09:39 train please
Sure. The 9:30 train leaves London Liverpool Street on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 11:07. Would you like me to book that?
yes, i will book that
Of course, how many tickets will you need?
I just need one ticket please.
I have you booked on the TR0637 train. The total cost is 16.60 GBP, and the reference number is KQMHCZNL . IS there anything else that I can help you with?
No that is everything that I need. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves [italian] food.
There are two restaurants that meet your requirements. Prezzo is in the moderate price range and La Margherita is in the cheap range.
Can I get the address for Prezzo please?
The address for [prezzo] is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to reserve a table for 5 at [12:45] on Monday please.
Of course. I successfully booked you your reservation. Your reference number is A5FGTJTZ .
Thank you, that's all I need today!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by [20:15]?
Okay! What is your destination?
I am going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.
I need more information from you. What day will you be traveling and what time do you want to leave?
Leaving on Thursday and need the reference number.
i recommend TR0141 leaves at 13:29 and costs 10.10 pounds
That sounds perfect! I need 5 tickets.
You have 5 tickets booked, reference #: 99ZS3NH1 . The fee is 50.5 GBP and you will need to pay at the station. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I also would like to book a room at the [warkworth house].
What date would you like to book? How many nights and how many people?
Please book for 5 nights starting the same day.
How many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is: U08ESKG3 . Is there anything else we can help you with?
Thanks for both bookings. Those were my two concerns for today. I am very satisfied. Goodbye.
Great! Please contact us again anytime. Good Bye.


I am looking for a [Japanese] restaurant in the centre of town.
There is a Japanese restaurant called [Wagamama] in the centre of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and their phone number is 01223 462354.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no. Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?
I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.
The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.
What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.
When would you like to arrive?
I need to leaver sometime after 11:30.
want to know the price?
No thank you, but I do need to know the travel time please.
Travel time would be 60 mintues
Okay. That's all I need. Thanks and bye!
Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.


Hi, I would like to get a taxi from [whale of a time]. I'll need to leave after [22:45].
Could you tell me your destination, please?
I would like to go to Citi [Stop Restaurant]
Ok, I have you booked to leave at 22:45. The car is a yellow Skoda and their contact number is 07314230139. Anything else I can do for you?
nope thats all thank you!
Glad to be of help thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?
I'm happy to help! There are a great deal of restaurants there. What type of food did you have in mind?
I do not not care, it just needs to be expensive.
[fitzbillies restaurant] serves british food would that be okay?
Yes, may I have the address?
Sure, they're located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from Cambridge to Norwich?
Certainly. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel?
the train should arrive by [13:45] and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please
I'd be happy to, but can you tell me which day you'd like to travel on?
The train should leave on thursday.
The one closest to your desired arrive by time will arrive at 12:55 and depart at 11:36. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Could I have the reference number as well?
I was able to book you 6 tickets for that train. Your reference number is PSQ9JOOI . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help.
Okay great, have a good day!


I am looking for a restaurant serving [scottish] food.
no restaurants serving Scottish food
ok, how about [Vietnamese] food?
[Thanh Binh] is a Vietnamese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the west side of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Can I have the address please?
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank You!
Thank you and good bye.


I need to find a place to eat in the centre of town.
we have over 60 restaurants listed. May I get the type of food you may be looking for?
I am looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre that serves [thai] food.
Bangkok City matches your critera! Their phone number is 01223354382. Do you need me to book a reservation?
Yes, thank you. Can I also get the postcode and address for [Bangkok City]?
Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre and the postcode is cb23jx. May I book it for you?
I'll just drop in, thanks. I also want to see a multiple sports complex in the same area. Are there any nearby?
There are no multiple sports complexes in the same area but there is one in the east. Would you like more information?
What is the address, entrance fee, and postcode?
The [cherry hinton village centre] is located at colville road, cherry hinton postcode cb19ej. I'm sorry but our system does not have information on what the fee to enter is.
May I get the phone number then to contact them?
The phone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the info I need thanks.
Well, you're welcome then! Have a great day!


I am looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by [11:45]
Okay, where are you departing from?
I want to leave from London Liverpool Street.
Okay, what day of the week are you looking for the train?
I will depart on Wednesday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FKDUE0OJ .
Wait, this is for 3 people. Are there enough available seats?
It looks as though they have only booked you for one ticket, I'm sorry.
Could you redo booking for 3 people please.
Okay, the booking has been revised to reflect three guests. My apologies for that.
Can I get the new reference number?
Of course! You're new reference number is ZF8QFW7E . Can I help you with anything else?
No- I think you have answered all my questions! Thank you!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Good bye.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
There is Addenbrookes Hospital, located on Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. Their phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you, that is all I need!
Have a good day


I need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse.
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find anything that matches your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a 4-star place?
I have several places that meet your criteria. Do you have an area you are interested in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I will want to book it from monday.
I would recommend [Acorn Guest House]. How many people will be in your party and for how many days?
It is just me this trip and I'll be there for 3 nights.
What day will you be arriving?
I'll be arriving on Monday.
Your room is booked under ref# 54KH70IQ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
As long as I don't need anything beside the reference number. Thanks
Alright, enjoy your stay and have a great night!


I'd like to find a moderately priced [chinese] restaurant.
[Golden Wok] is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in North.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and area code?
The Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, post code C.B 4, 3 H.L. The phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you very much for the address of the golden wok!
You're welcome. good bye!


I want to try a local restaurant called [Jinling noodle bar], can you help?
Absolutely! The address of the restaurant is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, and their telephone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to help you find a taxi there?
No thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at [17:30] on wednesday?
Alright, your table has been booked at the Jinling Noodle Bar for Wednesday at 17:30 for 2 people. Your reference number is VJ15Q075 . Is there anything else I can do?
I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free parking and free wifi.
Do you have an area of town you prefer?
I do not prefer a particular area of town but I would like the hotel to be a guesthouse.
There are 21 accommodations that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you prefer?
I do not care about the price range
The [Acorn Guest House] is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
That sounds great. Yes please!
In order to book your room I will need to know the dates you will be staying and the number of guests.
I would like the booking starting on Wednesday for 2 people please.
And how many days would you like to stay?
I need to book a room for two nights please.
I have made a booking for you for two nights. Your reference number is 1H5BM0PN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by [17:30].
Your taxi has been booked and it is a red honda and its contact number is 07876946762. .
Thank you for your help. Good Bye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. Do you have any recommendations?
I have 4 attractions located in the north. 2 are swimming pools. There is also a boating attraction and a park. Which would you prefer?
I want the boating one. What is the entrance fee for that?
The entrance fee for that is unknown according to our system. Is there anything else I can help you with?
maybe if you can get me the address. i also want a restaurant in the same place which serves [indian] food.
The address is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Postcode cb43ax. There are two indian restaurants in the North, one is moderately priced the other is cheap.
Can I reserve a table for two at the moderately priced Indian restaurant?
What day and time would you like those reservations?
I need them for 2 people at [12:45] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : MDKCBM4S .
Thanks for the reservation. I also need a taxi from [the passenger cruisers] to arrive at [the Indian restaurant] by the booked [12:45] time, please.
Okay. I have booked a taxi to pick you up at [Riverboat Georgina] and take you to [The Nirala] by 12:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.
Of course, sorry about that oversight. The car is a red Volvo, and their contact number is 07988242006. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's alright. Thanks so much. I've got nothing more today. Bye!
I'm glad I could help.


I'd really like to check out some interesting architecture while I'm in town. Can you recommend anything?
I recommend [holy trinity church] in the centre it's free to visit. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be fantastic! thank you!
The phone number is 01223355397. May I assist you with anything else today?
could you also tell me what area it's in?
Holy Trinity Church is in the centre area, on Market Street.
Thank you. I also need an expensive place to eat in the center, preferably one that serves [African] food
We only have one restaurant at the Center that meets your request. It is called [bedouin] at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Should i book that for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for Wednesday at [12:00] please. Thanks.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can you get me the reference number for that please?
I'm sorry for not including it, the reference number for the restaurant reservation is PVW7ZM8Y . Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. That's really all I needed for today. I appreciate your help!
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called [Nandos City Centre].
I know that restaurant well. It is a Portuguese place located on Andrews Street. Can I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't think I'm ready to do that yet. Can you just tell me where it is on Andrews Street?
The address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Okay great. I am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after [08:30].
There are over 1,000 trains that arrive in Cambridge after 8:30. What location are you leaving from and what date are you leaving?
I'm leaving on tuesday and from Norwich
Okay there are two trains. One leaves at 5:16 and the other at 6:16. Can I book either of these for you?
No, those won't work at all. As I said, I need to leave after 08:30.
How about TR4134, it leaves at 09:16
That's perfect. I need to book the train for 3 people. Once it is booked, can I have the reference number?
I have it ready, you will pay at the station. Your reference number is fp0gzttn . Can I be of any further help?
No, that is all. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you. Have a great day!
You as well! Thank you. Goodbye!


I need help getting some info on the [lynne strover gallery]
Certainly, it is a museum on a went side of town with free admission, they can be reached at 01223295264. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, the address would be great. Thanks so much.
The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
What about the post code?
The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for a hotel.
There are 2 hotels in the west area, did you have a price range?
The hotel I'm looking for is called the [Avalon].
Avalon is not on the west side of town.
Well what is on the west side then?
There is nothing on the West side,do you want another area ?


Hi, I'm trying to find Addenbrookes Hospital and they're supposed to have a [medical decisions unit] department, right?
You can find them with this number: 01223596066
Can you confirm Addenbrookes has a medical decisions unit?
Yes, it does. The phone number is 01223596066
Can I also get the postcode and address please?
Certainly. The postcode is CB20QQ and the address is Hills Road, Cambridge.
Thanks for all the info. I will contact the hospital now. Goodbye.
You are quite welcome. Do you require any further assistance?


I need a taxi to pick me up from [saigon city] please
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'd like to arrive by [15:45].
And where will you be going?
I'll be heading to [huntingdon marriott hotel].
Great! I was able to book a red Audi for you!
What is the contact number of that Audi?
The contact number is 07062991767. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you that is all I need today.
Have a good one!


Hello, I am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called [city centre north b and b]?
Sure thing. It is on the north side of town and is on the lower end of the price range. It also has internet access!
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223312843. Do you have any other questions?
I'm also looking for a train from norwich to get to the hotel on the same day as I book.
Sure thing. What day are you booking you hotel?
The hotel booking is for 4 people starting Monday. We will stay 2 nights. I need the train from Norwich to arrive in Cambridge by [15:15]. Please provide reference numbers.
The hotel booking was successful. Your reference number is 51WCMSMB . How many tickets would you like for the train?
Great I also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking and departs from norwich.
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets right now. I just need to know the departure time, travel time, and price for that train, please.
I understand. The TR3087 would depart at 13:16, and have you in Cambridge around 14:35. It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket, and takes 79 minutes travel time.
That's all I needed, thanks so much for the assistance!
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking, can you help me?
I'm sorry, I can't seem to find a place that fits that criteria. Can I find you something else?
I'm looking for a hotel and it has to be a guesthouse.
There are 24 guesthouses in the city. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what section it is in. Are there any guesthouses listed that have a 4 star rating?
a and b guest house is a nice place, with a 4 star rating


I'm looking for a place to go in town to have fun. Are there any nightclubs in the west?
There are no nightclubs in the west, would another area work for you?
How about a college in the west?
Sure, there are 5 colleges in the west part of town. How about Clare College?
What's the address of that college?
Clare College is located on Trinity Lane. Anything else?
No, that would be it. Thanks.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after [10:45]
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.
TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!
All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.
There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel, does that fit the criteria?
Yes cityroomz is a zero star hotel.
Please book [cityroomz] for the 7 of us for Saturday for 4 nights, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DIKDJE0U .
Thanks, I don't need anything else now! Bye!
Have a great stay!


I'm looking for any type of attraction in the centre.
There are 79 attractions including theaters, swimming pools, parks, museums and entertainments. Do you need a certain area?
Anything would be fine, but lets look up entertainment.
[Cherry hinton hall and grounds] is available, would that work for you?
Yes. What is the postcode and phone number? Also, I am needing a 4 star hotel in the same area. Can you check if one is available for me?
Their phone number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw. The [University arms hotel] is available and it includes both internet and parking.
Thank you so much. Would you be able to book it?
Yes I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel?
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday.
I'm so sorry, but there are no available rooms for that length of stay starting on Sunday. Would you like to book a different day or shorten your stay?
Can you try booking it for just 1 night instead?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is TIQ96S2R . Can I help you with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Please feel free to let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with.
Thanks. Have a good rest of the day.
Thank you, you too.


Can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has Wifi?
There are 17. What part of town would you like to stay in?
no preference. It needs to have 3 stars and offer free wifi.
[Hobsons house] is in the west part of town
That sounds great. I need to make a booking for sunday for 4 nights.
How many people are in your party?
Oh, yeah, five people, please.
Ok, you're all booked! Reference number is 7IM8XDQ0 . Can I be of further help?
Thanks. I'd also like to make a reservation at [J Restaurant].
How many people, what time and day please?
same group of people, at [12:30] on the same day.
I've booked j's. Your reference number is ZB61EZ13 . Do you need any more assistance?
Yes, please. Can I get a taxi between those 2 locations?
Sure thing is there a specific time you need to leave?
Well, I'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and I need to get to the restaurant no later than [12:30], the reservation time.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black bmw Contact number : 07539045657
Thanks so much for all of your help today. That is all I needed. Bye.
I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
I have some excellent guesthouse choices, may I check availability for a certain date?
I do not have a date at this time.
Is there any preference for wifi or parking access?
I need free parking.
great, that narrows it down to seven options!
Ok, can you pick one for me? I'll just need the address and postcode please.
Home from Home is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves [international] food and is cheap. Also I need it in the same area as my hotel.
[The Missing Sock] is near your hotel and has cheap International Food.
Great, can you book a table for 4 people on Thursday at [19:45]?
There is no availability at that time in the establishment. Would you like to try a different place?
No, is there anything available for [18:45]?
Unfortunately, our booking system is down at this time.
Can you try again for me?
I was able to book your table for 18:45. Your reference number is X15KR3V6 .
thanks so much you've been really patient and kind.
Glad I could help is there anything else you need today?
No, you have helped me fully. Thank you very much.
Call us again anytime. Good Bye.


I need to book a taxi to the [Bridge Guest House] please.
What time do you need to arrive by?
Arrival doesn't matter. I just need to leave after [19:15] from Ashley Hotel, and I want to go to [Bridge Guest House].
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from [ashley hotel].
got it! your car type is a grey honda and the contact number is 07306489066
Thanks! That's all I need.
No problem. Happy to help.


Hello, I'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. The name of it is [Dojo Noodle Bar].
Dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and serves cheap asian oriental food
Sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Monday at [11:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3NI94BB3 . Anything else?
Yes, I'll need a place to sleep off all that food. Do you have anything that's cheap but also has a 4-star rating?
I can help you with that. To start, were you looking for a place in the Centre near the restaurant or did you want a different area of town?
I would prefer a guesthouse. Is there one close to the restaurant?
There's the [Alexander bed and breakfast]. Would you like more info on that?
It depends. I'm looking for a hotel with free parking and internet. If those amenities are available I would like more information including the postcode and area, please.
The alexander bed and breakfast has both internet and parking. The address is 56 saint barnabas road, cb12de. Sound good?
The does sound good. Can you tell me the rating on this place, too?
Sure. They have a 4-star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I would like you to book me a room. Thanks.
Yes, how many days will you want to stay?
just two nights please
Ok, how many people will be staying? And what day would you like to check in?
I'll be checking in on Monday.
How many people will be staying?
I'm the only one staying in the guesthouse.
I'm sorry but it looks like the booking is unsuccessful. Do you have any alternate preferences?
That is actually fine, I won't be able to stay there after all. You have been a great help. Have a nice day. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I am looking for a college in the West in town.
I have 5 colleges in the West area. Queens' College, [Magdalene College], Clare Hall, Clare College, and Churchill College, is there any other information that you need?
Can I have the address and postcode for Magdelene College?
Yes of course. The address is magdalene street and the phone number is 01223332138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what's the postcode?
The postcode is cb30ag. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you so much.
Thank you! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. Please give me the contact information for one.
There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter but it should have a 4 star rating.
We have 11 hotels with 4 Stars. I've heard good things about Avalon. Would you like more information?
Yes please. Do they offer internet access and what kind of parking accommodations do they have? Also a number to reach them would be great!
Avalon does have internet available but does not have parking. Would you prefer a different hotel?
Is the [Avalon] a hotel type and moderately priced with a 4 star rating?
Yes it is, would you like to book that?
No thank you but may I please have the address?
The Avalon is located at 62 gilbert road. If you'd like me to book that, message us back. Thank you.
I'm going to think about it. I'd really prefer a hotel with parking.
Sorry, I'm not finding any 4 star moderate hotels with free parking. Perhaps you'd like a different option?
I can also check to see if we have guesthouses for that area.
there are 9 different guest houses available, any preferences?
I'd like it to be rated 4 stars.
Are you looking for an establishment in a certain area?
No, any area will do. Could I get the address for one of them? I'm also looking to go on a boat can you help with that?
[Acorn Guest House] is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I'll also be needing to find boating options and their information and I'll need to arrange a taxi to and from the locations.
There are four boating option in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
As long as I can get a taxi to the boat and back that leaves the boat by 8:45 any location is fine.
Sure I can get you a taxi for any of them.
Okay I need to leave the attraction by [08:45] and I would like a contact number and a description of the car picking me up please.
I'd be happy to help you with a taxi, where will you be departing from/arriving at? And for what time?
I'll need the taxi when we finish with the boats, at 8:45, and I need it to take me to my hotel.
Well, looks like we need to select a boating attraction first and then I will be happy to arrange your taxi service. Can I recommend [Camboats] in the east?
Yes. That would be fine. Do you need to book it?
No, but here is the address and phone number: the plough, green end, fen ditton. 01223902112.
Actually, can you please book a taxi from the boats to my hotel.
I was able to book a tax from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, departing at 8:45. It will be a White Skoda and the phone number for contact is 07726151603.
Thank you SO MUCH, I know I was confusing. Can you just tell me the entrance fee for the boats? That is all I still need to know.
Im sorry, the entrance fees arent listed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, could I get the postcode for Camboats?
No problem at all. The postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you any further?
Will you tell me the car type?
You have a white Skoda. That is the car type. It will take you from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, ref. #07726151603.
Thank you so much!
It has been my pleasure. Thank you for calling!


I am going off to college soon and want to visit a campus. Can you help me find one?
Sure we have 18, do you have an area preference?
In the centre please. Can I get their address, phone number, and entrance fee?
There are a few colleges in the centre. Do you know the name of the college or do you prefer free entrance fees?
No, please pick one. Provide me with the address, post code and entrance fee.
Okay, [Downing College] is on regent street. The post code is CB21dq. It's free.
Does it have free wifi?
Unfortunately, the colleges in town do not offer free wifi. They do offer free entrance though.
Can you help me find a guesthouse? Something nice. And somewhere upscale on the price, too. My parents are paying for the whole trip and they're loaded.
How about the express by holiday inn cambridge in the east side of town?
Do they have free wifi and a 4 star rating?
They have free WiFi but their rating is 2. I think University Arms hotel will suit you better in that case.
[University Arms Hotel] sounds just great. Please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.
I was able to book your rooms at University Arms Hotel for Friday. Your reference number is 8IITDH5T . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it; thank you for your help.
Have a great time.


Please help me identify places to go in the centre of town that are entertainment attractions.
There are no matching records for entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to change your criteria?
How about a boating place then?
There are two boating places, [Scudamores] punting co and The Cambridge Punter, which would you like?
Either one, i just need the address and postcode.
The address and post code is different for each which one would you like please?
Ok, how about Scudamores Punting Company then.
Alright, the address and postcode for Scudamores Punting Co. is Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.
I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Leaving on Monday from Cambridge.
What is your destination?
I've like to go to birmingham new street.
What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
i need to leave after [19:15]
TR2850 leaves at 20:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Please book for 8 tickets.
i have booked those for you. your reference number is 2hf8aktq .
Thank you so much for your help!
Is there anything else you need?
No thank you! That will be all. Bye!
Ok! Have a great day!


I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [indian] food and should be in the expensive price range.
There are 14 expensive indian restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference of location?
Yes.East-Side London.
[Pipasha Restaurant] fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book for 4 people at [17:00] on Sunday
Your table for 4 has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8OZ8ZF5G . Do you need anything else?
I am also interested in attractions in the centre. Specifically, I am interested in multiple sports facilities
I have none available in the centre. Would you like a different area or attraction?
How about an attraction that has to do with boats?
The [Cambridge Punter] looks like a good choice. Want more information?
Yes, can I get the phone number?
The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you require assistance with anything else.
Yes, I'd like a taxi to take me to [Pipasha Restaurant] and then to Cambridge Punter. I'd like to arrive at Pipasha Restaurant by [17:00].
I just need to know where you will be departing from at first to the restaurant.
I will be departing from my house.
What is the address of your house so I can book the taxi?
Actually I'll be at the [Cambridge Punter], pick me up there.
No problem. Your taxi is booked. The car is a red tesla and the contact number is 07610839736. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I will need. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Please call us back if we can help you any further.


Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
There are a lot of attractions in the centre is there a particular type you'd like to visit?
Any place would be great. If you could pick one and send me the phone number and postcode please.
[Little Saint Mary's Church] is in postcode cb21qy and their phone number is 01223366202. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town
We have a lot to choose from. Is there a certain type of food you are looking to try?
Yes, i would like to find a [south african] restaurant please.
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food or area?
Yes let's look for [Chinese] food instead.
[Tang Chinese] is a great place in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
nah, i just need to phone number
Sure their phone number is 01223357187.
And their postcode as well. Can you help me book a taxi between the Church and the restaurant?
Sure. What time would you like the taxi for?
I would like to leave St Mary's Church by [12:30].
I have booked a taxi leaving the church at 12:30. The car is a grey Audi and the contact number is 07823100765.
I can't wait to ride in that car!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all, thanks!
Have a good day.


Hi, I am currently planning to come to Cambridge, and I was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the centre. What would you suggest?
[The Gardenia] is an excellent and cheap place in the center of town, serving Mediterranean cuisine. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at [19:15] on monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IU63HAEN . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the same part of town. It must have free parking.
We have two guesthouses and two hotels that meet your needs. The guesthouses are cheap, and the hotels are expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want a place with a 0 star rating
I have one result. It is [el shaddai], which is a cheap guesthouse. Do you want to book it?
Yes, can you book the room for me?
Yes I can but I need to know when your stay is how many people and for the number of rooms.
Do you have their phone numbers?
El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Did you want to book a room?
No thank you that was all I needed today.
Have a great day. If you need anything else just contact us again.


I would like some [Lebanese] food in the west part of town. Are there any available?
I'm sorry we don't have any Lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different type of food?
How about [Thai] food?
[sala thong] serves thai food and is located in the west part of town. Would you like more information for them?
Yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.
Sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. The phone number is 01223 323178.
Thank you goodbye.
thank you and good bye


I'm looking for [da vinci pizzeria].
Sure thing! They are a great italian restaurant that is located in the north. Their prices are rather cheap. Would you like more information on them?
Could you just book a table for me? I would like it to be on Monday at [17:30] for 3 people please.
It's reserved for you and your reference number is LNK5JA4Y . Anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre I would like to see architecture.
There are 4 churches and 1 old schools known for their architecture. All are free except for great saint mary's church which charges 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.
It has been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir.
You're welcome. You have a great day as well.
be free to use our services anytime


Can you help me find a train leaving after [20:45] going to norwich?
What day of the week are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Monday.
There are 3 trains. They leave at 21:36, 22:36, and 23:36. Can I book one for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
How many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I just need the arrival time and price, please. That is departing from cambridge, right?
TR9493 arrives at 24:45. It will cost you 17.20 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Can you please book me 1 ticket for TR9493.
You are booked! Your reference number is GVQ282KF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay.
Ok. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
Oh, a hotel, for sure.
There are 9 hotels available do you have a preference on price range or which area the hotel is in?
I need it in the north and free wifi and cheap.
The lovell lodge is hotel 2 star in the north area of town in the moderate price range with free internet and parking.
Great, I need a reservation for 5 people.
I double checked and there are no hotels in the cheap range, in the north. The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge are moderately priced and in the north.
How about The [Ashley Hotel]? I need a reservation please.
What day will you be arriving, how many days are you staying and for how many people?
Can you make a reservation for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8O3M27N5 .anything else
that is it for now. thank you
thanks and welcome to Cambridge


I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.
Do you have a preference as to food type? I found matches for British, Indian, Chinese, and Gastropub.
I don't have a preference.
The [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that serves British food.
What is the address?
The address of the Grafton Hotel Restaurant is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank you and good bye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Bye.
enjoy your meal.
Goodbye.
good bye


I'm looking for a place to dine in Cambridge, if you could help me with some options.
I would love to help you. What type food are you wanting to eat and what area would you like to dine in?
I would love some [afghan] food in the centre of town.
There are no afghan food places located in the centre of town. How about something else?
How about [Indian] food, I hear there are some good indian places in Cambridge.
There are several Indian restaurants in the area. Is there a certain price range you were looking for?
Any price range is okay with me.
Curry Garden is a nice place , do you want their info?


I need a place to stay that has 4 stars.
We've got 33 four star hotels in the area. Is there any particular part of town you'd like to limit it to?
Yes, the centre of town please. Also, no internet is needed, but i would prefer free parking.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse (cheap) and University Arms Hotel(expensive) are both available in that area and are 4 stars with parking.
no worries, i can give you three options to choose from
I'm sorry, you must have misunderstood. Would you like me to book Alexander or University Arms for your stay?
Can i get the phone number and address for [University Arms] please?
Sure, the phone number is 01223351241 and the address is regent street. Would you like to book a room?
No I just need the price range, address and phone please.
It is in the expensive price range, and the address is regent street postcode cb21ad. You can call them at 0122335124. Could I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a restaurant with [modern eclectic] food in Centre.
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants like that. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about [lebanese] food?
[Ali Baba] is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. It's moderately priced. Will that work for you?
Yes that sounds great. Please book me a table for 5 at [20:00] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 66Y5KK37 .
Thank you, that is all I need. Have a good day.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [afghan] food
It does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
How about [asian oriental] food?
Kymmoy is in centre, and Saigon City is in north. Would you like more information on one of those?
Could you tell me the phone number of [Saigon City]?
The phone number for Kymmoy is 01223 311911. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, I would like the number for Saigon City.
01223 356555 is the number.
Thank you. Can you also tell me the address for Saigon City, please?
the address for saigon city is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the north part of town
thank you good bye
THANK YOU GOO BYE


I would like to find a [danish] restaurant this is moderately priced.
There are no Danish restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food?
Go for it.
Some options are Lebanese, Turkish, international, British, European, and Chinese. Do any of these interest you?
No. How about [gastropub] type food? May I please have the address, phone number, and area?
The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223 308871. The address is Corn Exchange Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 3QF
Thank you.
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
no, thank you
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I am looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking in Cambridge.
I found a handful of locations that might suit your interests. Would you care to check out the Gonville Hotel? It has everything you are looking for in accommodations.
Does the [Gonville Hotel] have guesthouse accommodations?
I believe so, yes.
Can you book this hotel?
Absolutely. On what day, for how many people and how long is your stay?
I would like to book for four people for three nights beginning on Tuesday.
Before I book this hotel I just want to inform you that I have confirmed that it is not a guesthouse but a hotel. Would you still like me to book?
Yes please book it for four people in 3 nights starting on Tuesday
Unfortunately it can not be booked for 3 days. Did you want to get information about a different hotel instead?
No how about two nights?
I want able to book your room at the Gonville Hotel for you for the two nights. Your reference number for this is KYXT8TUS .
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it is called [Charlie Chan]. Can you provide me its address?
Certainly! The address for the Charlie Chan is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. That's all I needed today.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Let us know if you need anything else and have a great day!


I would like to book a taxi departing from [Leverton House] and arriving by [07:30].
Booking completed! car is red ford and Contact number is 07640075849,
ok awesome i will be going to [jesus college]
Your new contact number is 07279059192 and the car is a yellow skoda.
That is all I need good day to you.
To you, as well. Thank you for using the service.


Hi, can you look up [Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop] for me?
I sure can! Darry's Cookhouse is an expensive [modern european] restaurant in the center of town. They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation by chance?
That's it. Can you make a reservation for me? There are 5 of us and we would like to reserve Sunday at [11:45] if possible.
Reservation made. The reference number is FIQY6RR9 .
Thank you for the helpful information!
No problem at all. What else can I do for you?
That is all, thanks. Have a nice day. Bye!
You as well! Goodbye!


Can you help me find a restaurant called [little seoul]?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at [16:00] on monday there?
I've made your reservation for 4 on Monday at 16:00. Your reference number is PCU46V3W . Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for [Italian] restaurants in Cambridge in the cheap price range.
We have a few in the north, west, and centre. Do you have a preferred location?
I'm looking for something in the north, please!
Da vinci pizzeria is the only cheap Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thanks, I just need the phone number, address, and postcode.
The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41jy and the phone number is 01223351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I also need a train on Monday, arriving at [17:45].
I'll be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Norwich.
Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving cambridge heading to norwich
Train TR9460 leaves Cambridge at 15:36 and would get you to Norwich by 16:55. Would you like me to book for you?
No thanks. Maths isn't my biggest strength so please tell me what the total travel time is.
The total travel time is 79 minutes. Can I do anything else for you today?
I think that is all the info on the train that I needed.
If there is anything else you might need please feel free to call back. Enjoy your day!


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called [the hotspot].
Wonderful! The address of the hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and their telephone number is 01223366552. I can help you get a taxi there if you like.
Thank you! Do you know what the price range is at the hotpot?
It's an expensive restaurant.
What part of the city is that in?
It is in the north area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east with 4 stars and free parking, is there a place like that available to stay at?
The Allenbell, Leverton House, and Autumn House are inexpensive 4 star guesthouses offering free parking. I have two others that are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I'll take the [Allenbell]. It's in the east right?
Yes, Allenbell is in the east, at 517A Coldham Lane. It is very affordable. Would you like to set up a booking?
I need to double check, does it include wifi?
Yes it includes wifi, would you like to me to book your reservation?
That's all I need for now. Thank You very much!
You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for places to go in Cambridge, a type of a boat.
There are 4 boats in the area. What part of the city would you like to visit?
I'll take what ever you have first, but I'll need the entrance fee please.
The system is not saying whether there is an entrance fee for the boats. I can provide phone numbers if you would like to call them.
Thank you, I also need a train going to stevenage and arrive by [11:00]
There are 21 trains heading to stevenage what town will you be departing from?
I will be departing from 3 towns over.
You can depart from Cambridge, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday please.
You can depart on Monday at 05:21, how does that sound?
Pets on the gray please make the booking for one person and give me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U108YPRI .
Awesome. That will be everything!
Great! Thank you for using our service today. Have a nice day.
You too, thanks.
We hope to see you again.


I was in a car accident dispute and need help resolving it
You can contact the Parkside police station at 01223358966.
Can you give me their address and postcode, please?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge and the post code is CB11JG.
Thank you so much!
You are more than welcome!
Could you give me the phone number for the station as well?
Sure, the telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that is it. Thanks
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge. Can you suggest some places I could visit in town?
Sure, there's lots to do here? Is there a certain area or type you're looking for?
What's your favorite college to visit? I'm not picky about the area.
There are 18 of them in the city. Do you mind an entrance fee or would you prefer one that's free?
Please just tel me which one you think best, then provide the area it is in and the phone number.
queens' college is pretty great. It's in the west. Their number is 01223335511.
That's fine. I also need a train from Cambridge to stevenage.
What day would you like to travel, and what time would you leave or arrive by?
I would like that the train should leave on saturday and after [16:15].
Alright, TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, book me for 1 please.
You're all set. Your reference number is R55DTSWS and there will be a 10.24 GBP fee due at the station.
What is the arrival time?
The arrival time for that train is 18:10, is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the train ID?
The train ID is TR4216. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thank you
Have a great day!


Hello, can you help me find a cheap guesthouse?
There are 9 to choose from. What area would you like?
I don't care. I'd like a hotel though, with 4 stars.
Okay, the [cambridge belfry] fits all of your needs.
That sounds wonderful. Can you please book a reservation for 7 people?
On which day would you like to start this reservation?
Sunday, for 4 nights please.
I was able to book the room the reference number is YS8H6AOE . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thank you so much. That is all for today.
You're welcome. have a great trip!


Can you help me find a [german] restaurant in the east please?
I did not find any german restaurant in the west. would you like to change location/food type?
Can you find me something cheap?
I've found two in that area that fit that criteria. An Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant. Which of those would you prefer?
I prefer the [Italian] but will go to the Vietnamese if the booking does not work.
The Italian restaurant is called La Margherita. What day would you like a reservation?
You know what, I've changed my mind. I'd prefer [international] to Italian. Are there any like that in the east part of town?
Yes, in the east part of town [The Missing Sock] serves international food and their prices are quite low. Shall I book you a table?
That sounds good. Could I get a reservation on thursday at [15:15] for 1 with a reference number? Also looking for a place to stay in the area with free parking
I am sorry but that time is not available to book. Would you like to try another time?
I guess a reservation at [15:30] would be alright. Do you have any?
I am sorry, that still does not work, any other time you could do?
Perhaps another restaurant in the east that serves International food and can be booked at that time?
I do apologize, but that is the only international restaurant in the area. Perhaps pick another cuisine type?
You stated earlier there was no [German] restaurant in the west, but I was looking for one in the east.
My apologies about the miscommunication. There is no German restaurant in the east area.
Okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap [international] restaurant on the east side?
There is one restaurant for international on the east side the missing sock, I attempted booking but it was unsuccessful. Can we try another time for booking?
Can you try again to book [The Missing Sock] for 1 person at 15:15?
That too was unsuccessful. Maybe you'd like to try for another day?
Is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 15:15 on Thursday for 1 person?
Unfortunately, that time is also unavailable.
I need a restaurant serving International Food in the East Thursday at 15:15 for one person. Can you do that for me?
The only restaurant that fits that criteria is [the missing sock]. Can I try a different reservation time for you?
That restaurant will be fine, lets book it.
Perfect, your booking was successful, the reference number is T5BJ4XD0 . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thanks! I need a hotel on the east side, please.
Of course, would a guesthouse be OK?
Yes, as long as it is in the same general area and price range as The Missing Sock restaurant.
carolina bed and breakfast is in the east part of town. How many people should i book for


I'm looking to go to a theatre in town. Can you help me find one?
Is there a location preference? Center, or south?
No preference. Where would you recommend?
I would recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre. It is in the city Centre.
Can I get the phone number,area and postcode please?
They are in the centre, 6 saint Edward's Passage. Postcode, cb23pj. Phone is 01223503333. Anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Monday headed to Bisheops Stortford.
The earliest train departing Cambridge for Bishops Stortford is at 15:29. Is this acceptable or would you like a later train?
I would like to leave after [11:00]. Do you have a departure at that time or close to it? Please provide the train ID.
I have an 11:29 with train TR928 does that work for you?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
What kind of attraction are you interested in?
Are there any outdoor festivals or activities? I'll need the postcode and phone number.
There are 79 activities in the town center. How may I help narrow your search?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, which one is the best?
Club Salsa looks good.
Ok, please give me [Club Salsa's] postcode and phone number. I also want to find a hotel in the same area.
Their phone number is 07782218745 and the post code is cb12jb. What sort of hotel are you looking for and in what area?
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
We have 5 hotels available that are located in the centre of town.
Which hotels are rated 4 stars and offer free parking? Can I have a phone number for those hotels?
sure theres two hotels, 01223525725 and 01223351241
What are their names?
They are Alexander Bed and Breakfast and University Arms Hotel. Do you have a preference?
No, not at this time. I just needed the information. Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you. Goodbye!


I need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. It should be in the cheap price range.
I have a Vietnamese and an Italian restaurant matching your requirements. Would you be interested in either?
I'd prefer the [Italian] one.
I have La Margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant. It's located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Did you need any help booking a table?
Can I get the postcode for it?
Absolutely! The postcode for [La Margherita] is cb30af. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Thank you very much.
Great! What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I do not want to just yet, thanks.
Okay, we'll book that for you whenever you're ready. Thank you and goodbye!


I'm looking for a train going to cambridge please.
the train id is TR5219 and it leaves london kings on friday
Does that depart from broxbourne station?
Sorry. I need to narrow down the 133 trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge. First, what day do you want to leave?
I want to leave on sunday
Is there a certain time of day you would like to travel?
I would prefer to leave [after 13:45] please
Alright, I have train TR4813 that leaves Sunday at 14:32 from Broxbourne. Will this work better for you?
Yes as long as it is going to cambridge that sounds fine. I'll need the price also please.
The price is 14.32 pounds per person.
Thank you, I will buy a ticket for 14.32 pounds for train TR4813 leaving Sunday at 14:32.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 4YAT8PVP .
Thank you so much, have a wonderful day.
thanks for inquiring with us. have a nice day
I will do so... and you too.
I'm glad I could help you. Goodbye.


Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?
Certainly, we have many fine guest houses and hotels in Cambridge. Is there anything specific you were looking for, to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
Thanks for that information. What area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter I would like an expensive hotel if you can find one.
The [express by holiday inn cambridge] is located in the east and meet your criteria. Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room for friday.
For how many people?
I need it for 2 people please.
And how many nights?
5 nights please. And I would need the reference number also.
Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is all set up for Friday. The reference is 7F6ZIHSZ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'm thinking a college in the centre.
[Christ's College] is located in the centre at saint andrew's street.
Can I please get their phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks! I'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at [2:45]?
Okay I've got a white Honda booked for you to pick you up at 2:45 and take you back to your hotel, their number is 07078899267
Thank you. That is all I need.
I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need a taxi departing from [the gardenia].
I'd be happy to help. What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I would like yo leave after [6:30].
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'm going to [the slug and lettuce].
Your taxi booking is for a red lexus with the contact number 07652996605.
That's all, thanks!
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all
Enjoy your meal and thank you for using our service.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [afghan] food in the south
I have not found any, unfortunately. Would you like to try another area of town or cuisine?
Are there any [Portuguese] restaurants in the south?
[Nandos] fits your request perfectly! It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you like additional information?
I would like a reservation for 6 people on Wednesday at [13:15].
The reference number for your reservation is NMHD1N0R .
Thank you! Can you also help me with a place to stay?
Yeah sore you can get one thank you


I would like to go to an expensive [Italian] restaurant for dinner.
which area of town are you interested in dining in?
The centre is my preference. Thank you.
I have four places fitting that criteria. Would you like me to book one?
Can you tell me the names of those four?
Sure, stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, cafe uno.
book for me Sure. a table for 8 people at [11:45] on wednesday and get me the reference number
Which one would you like me to book it for? Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, or Caffe Uno?
Please book [clowns cafe].
I've made those reservations your reference number is WIPPGG4I .
I also need an expensive hotel to stay at. Can you help me find one?
What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay near the restaurant if possible. Oh and they should have internet please.
I'd recommend the [Gonville Hotel]. It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
yes and could i have the postcode please
Their postcode is cb11ly. If you want to make a booking, then I need to know what day you'd arrive, how many nights you'd stay, and how many people.
Does it have internet?
Yes it does.
Great and can I get a taxi to commute between the two places.
I would be happy to find a taxi for you. I just need to know when you want to leave by and when you would like to arrive.
Just make sure I get to the locations by the booked time.
Lets finish your hotel booking first, okay? How many rooms will you need and for how many nights? Beginning which day?
I don't need a booking, thanks. I do need a taxi going from the hotel to the restaurant though.
I'll need to know when you need to be picked up or dropped off.
11:45 as discussed above.
The taxi has been booked the contact number is 7384967913. The type of car is blue lexus.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well.


I'd like to know the location of [Clare Hall].
Claire Hall is located on herschel road in the west side of town. Do you need more information?
Do you have clare hall's address?
Sure. Clare Hall is on Herschel Road.
Can I also get the phone number please?
Sure, their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that leaves Ely and arrives by [16:30].
Sure, where will you be going to, and on what day?
I will be going to cambridge and I can arrive whenever.
What day will you take the train?
I will be leaving Ely on Sunday.
The TR5703 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please, for 3 people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TDBKS2EJ . Can i help with anything else today?
That'll be all for today, thank you.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for places to go in the centre area of town.
We have 44 places to visit in the centre, any specific preferences in mind?
What would you recommend?
I'd recommend a nightclub if you don't mind paying or a museum if you're looking to do something free.
A museum sounds good. Do you have the poscode and phone number? I also need a place to stay that is moderately priced with free parking.
My favorite is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum and their phone number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su. Admission is free. When would you like a hotel?
I would just like to know what is available. Oh I also need free wifi.
Well, there are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels in town that fit your criteria, they all offer free WiFi. Do you have a price range in mind or a star rating?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.
I found 14 for you. Do you have a specific area you'd like?
I don't care about any particular area to be honest.
Do you have a preference of type of lodging, star rating, or internet?
I'll repeat this: The hotel should be in the moderate price range and it should include free wifi and free parking. I don't care about the area.
How about the [acorn guest house]?
As long as it has everything I've been asking for, I'm good.
Most definitely. Would you like to go ahead and book a reservation?
Yes, I would. Can I get the address, area, and phone number?
It's located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and you can reach them by phone at 01223353888.
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, the Acorn Guest House is a guesthouse. Is that acceptable or did you want a hotel specifically? I apologize for the confusion.


Please help me book a taxi
Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from [Kohinoor].
Where are you going?
I need to get to [saint barnabas press gallery] please, but I can't leave until after [11:00].
Okay I have a grey honda. You're contact number is 07736905918. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Bye!
enjoy your visit!


I'm looking for a 4 Star hotel and it doesn't have to include internet.
Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any four star hotels without internet. What about a three star instead?
What about a 4 star located in the east the only has free parking. Internet it doesn't really matter either way
Unfortunately, I am still unable to find any four star hotels with free parking. Would you like for me to check three star hotels?
No I really want a 4 star hotel in the east, how about one with only free wifi?
Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels located in the East at all. If you like I can either search a different area or search 3 star hotels.
Ok. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi?
Not in that area. May I check another area?
What is the most eastern located 4 star hotel?
[University arms hotel] is an expensive 4 star hotel located in the centre. Would that work?
Ok, lets go with that then. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights please?
Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available on those dates. Would you like me to find another 4 star hotel for you?
Yes please. Please recommend a hotel that is available Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights as far east as possible.
I do have guesthouses available in the east area that are 4 stars, would a guesthouse work or does it have to be a hotel?
As long as it's 4 stars with free parking, any type of hotel works.
All hotels are booked. Is there another day you can book?
There are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Thursday?
No, I've tried all the 4 star hotels in the east. May I check another area or 3 stars?
I really need to stay in the east. Can you check again?
The [allen bell] is a guesthouse in the east with free wifi and parking, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday. Also provide the reference number
I am sorry. The Allenbell does not have that available. Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
Wow this is really confusing. Let's start from the beginning. Can you see if you can find a place to stay in the east with 4 stars and free wifi?
I was not able to book for that date or for that stay. Would you like to try a different date or number of days?
I want a hotel for 3 people and 2 nights, with free parking. Is there nothing in the city that fits those requirements?
I have Found the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] in the east that has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
At this point I'll take what I can get. Book it.
The booking was unsuccessful, can you pick a different day, or a shorter stay?
Try for one day.
Sorry, looks like they're all booked up. Maybe try a different day?
Can you please try to find me another hotel in the east with at least four stars?
Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Nope, I'll take anything on the Eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or Wifi, booked for 3 people and 2 nights starting from Thursday.
Okay, you'll be at the allenbell and your reference number is 19OO1LBJ .
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
Ok, I've booked the Allenbelle guesthouse, 517A Coldham Lane, phone# 01223210353. Reference# RZ2BA37V . Everything is exactly how you'd requested. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the hotel. Can you help with that?
I have about 5 different options available for you. Which type of cuisine? I have indian, gastropub, chinese and british.
We're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around [17:00] for 3
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W1EPTI7S . Anything else I can help with?
That was all for now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a good day!


Can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the North part of town?
The phone number for Golden Wok is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
The [Nirala] is a moderately priced restaurant in the north of town, and it serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223 360966. And the postcode is C.B 4, 1 U.Y.
Thank you, Nirala sounds good. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Bye.


I'm looking for places to visit in the centre of town.
There are 79 attraction near the center of town. Are you looking for something in particular?
No. Can you recommend something in the centre?
Yes, I would recommend the [All Saints Church]. What information would you need for this attraction?
Could you provide me with the address and postcode?
cb58bs jesus lane
Thank you. I'm also interested in finding a hotel. I prefer one that includes free parking.
Okay, I found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Could you please tell me what part of town you're interested in?
The north please and cheap.
Do you have a preference in stars?
No preference. Whichever one you recommend.
In that case, I would suggest the [worth house].
Does it have wifi?
Wifi is included, are you interested in a booking?
No I just need the post code and the address please.
Of course. The postcode is cb41da. The address is 152 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.


I am going to the centre and want to go somewhere fun.
Are you interested in having dinner? Going to a bar? Going dancing?
I think I'd like to visit a museum perhaps. Can you suggest one?
I have the [broughton house gallery] in the centre the entrance fee is free.
That will be fine I need the address please.
The address is 98 king street.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.
Sure, would you like to stay in the same centre area?
Yes please and I'm looking for a 0 star rating.
I have a cheap guesthouse and a moderate hotel in the center, both 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the guesthouse, please. I'd like a reservation for 6 people, 2 nights. We'll be arriving on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2H9TK6B3 . anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you and enjoy your stay. Goodbye.


I'm looking for attractions in west Cambridge.
I have colleges and museums here. Do you have a preference?
No not really. Just something historical to see.
You may enjoy the [museum of classical archaeology] located in the west part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I please get their address, postcode and phone number?
No problem. The museum is located on sidgwich avenue. The postalcode is cb39da, and the phone number is 01223335153. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, I also need a train to leicester and traveling on friday.
Alright, let's see what I have for you. Can you tell me what time you would like to leave or arrive by? That will help us narrow one down.
The train should arrive by [21:45] in Leicester. You can tell me which departure from Cambridge is best for that time.
The TR1233 leaves at [19:21] and arrives by 21:06, would that work?
Yes what would the price be?
The price per ticket on TR1233 is 37.80 pounds. Do you want me to book a seat for you?
No, not at this time, thank you for your help.
You're welcome have a great day
You too, goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


I want a train leaving from london liverpool street.
I can help with that. What is the destination?
My destination is Cambridge, and I'll be traveling on Saturday.
Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would leave after [14:45].
I have a train that leaves at 15:39 and arrives and 17:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.
Your all set and your reference number is 2ITJJMJC . May I help you with anything else today?
I am looking for a boat.
Where would you like it to be?
Can you check in the north please. That would be ideal.
It looks like the [Riverboat Georgina] is in the north. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode?
The postcode for the riverboat georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Do you know much about hotels?
Yes! I know we have 33 in town. Do you need to book one of them?
Yes please,the cheapest one,thank you
There are 10 cheap hotel's in town. Would you like to be in the North, South, East, West, or Central location?
I would like to stay in the west please. Can you send me some info?
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west. Would you like their address?
Lets start over, my apologies. We were actually looking for a moderate priced hotel, with 0 stars and free parking, disregard everything said before this.
Unfortunately there are no hotels matching that criteria. Would you like for me to search for 2, 3 or even 4 star hotels?
How about a cheap 0 star hotel with free parking?
The [el shaddai] may be a good choice for you.
Ok that works please make reservations for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
Done! Your reference number is SY4TL1W6 . Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum in the east. Any recommendations?
Yes! Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Tech, Gallery at Twelve and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Any interist?
Yes, can I have more information about the [Cambridge Museum of Tech]? What is their address?
Absolutely, their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Is there anything else I can assist yo with today?
Can I also get a phone number and postcode for the museum?
their phone number is 01223368650 and their postcode is cb58ld
sorry, what is the address?
Address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane
That's all thank you for your help.
No problem. Will there be anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
No problem, glad to help. Have a great weekend.


I need to find a [British] restaurant in West Cambridge.
There are multiple options for you. To narrow them down what price range do you have in mind?
No, can you recommend a favorite?
I would recommend Graffiti. It is a bit expensive, so if you want something moderately price there is also Saint Johns Chop House.
Please book 2 tables for 8 people on friday also i need train tickets for 8 people.
What time would you like these reservations?
[Graffiti] sounds good. I actually need that reservation for 5 people at [20:00] on Wednesday. Can I have the reference number for that?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YYPPDY56 . anything else i could help you with?
I would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in Cambridge at [09:00] on the same day.
There are two trains that would work. One arrives at 07:07 and the other arrives at 01:07. Which one would you prefer?
Can you book the train that arrives at 07:07 that one would work great. I need the reference number as well.
i can definitely do that, how many tickets would you like?
it's for the same group of people
Alright, I've booked a train for your group, the reference number is AOIMGBHK, and there will be an 83 GBP fee at the station.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed right now!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?
Yes there are two listings, one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for?
I don't care, as long as it's cheap it's fine. Which do you recommend?
Can I recommend royal spice located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton? Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, I would like a table for 1 at [18:00] on Friday night.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book that restaurant. How about [da vinci pizzeria] located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
Yes sure I got you into Da Vinci Pizzeria and your reference number is IQA12P3U .
Thank you so much that is all I need.
Thank you, that was all I needed.


I'm looking for an [indian] restaurant that is priced moderately.
There are four restaurants that meet that criteria, one in the north, one in the west, and two in the east. Which area would you prefer?
One in the East, please.
We have Curry Prince and [Rajmahal]. Would you like to book a table at either one of those?
Yes I would like to book a table for 6 people at [16:15] on Thursday.
Booking was successful at Rajmahal. your reference number is Z1827CKB . Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, thank you.
Thank you .


Are there any colleges in the west?
Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west. 3 of them have no entrance fees and 2 will cost 2.50 pounds to enter.
I would like the postcodes and more information about the types of colleges are in the west.
Do you want the postcodes for all five college, the two that have an entrance fee or only the free ones?
I will take the postcodes for all 5. I'd also like a train that leaves on Sunday for ely as well if that's possible.
Churchill College cb30ds, Clare College cb21tl, Clare Hall cb39al, Magdalene College cb30ag, and Queen's College cb39et. And the train from Ely will be departing from where?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.
Certainly, we have 10 trains for ely from cambridge sunday. What time would you like to arrive or depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after [21:15] please.
There is one at 21:50 and one at 23:50, which would you like?
I would like the price and arrival time for the 21:50 train please.
The price for that train is 3.52 pounds and it will arive by 22:07.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, feel free to contact us again.


Can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? Money is not an issue.
There are 4 hotels that match those criteria. How about [Hobson's house]?
That should work fine. Book it for me please.
How many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 5 days. Can you book the Hobson house for me for 5 people please?
What day will you start staying?
I'll be arriving on Sunday. Please send me the reference number for this stay.
It doesn't look like there's any availability for your stay. Would you like to try a different day or length of stay?
Yes, let's try for 4 nights instead.
That works. Your reference number is ICQWVQL9 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to dine. I would like the same price range as the Hotel
there's over one hundred restaurants i've found, what type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for [modern European] cuisine.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a very nice, expensive restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Can you find a modern European restaurant in the West?
I am sorry, but there are no modern european restaurants in the west, could I book you in a restaurant in another area?
Is there anything in the south?
Restaurant Alimentum is a moderate priced restaurant located in the south. Would this be okay?
Are there any expensive modern European restaurants?
I have expensive restaurants in the center. Would those suit you?
No the west would suit me
I'm sorry, we seem to be having some confusion. Please restate your criteria for the restaurant, and I'll do my best to help you.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves modern European dishes.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Modern European restaurants in the west side of town.
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help. Have a good day.


Give me information about museums in the west side of town.
There are a few museums in the west side of town. I highly recommend checking out the Cafe Jello Gallery if you've got the time.
What is the full address and zipcode of [Cafe Jello Gallery]?
Cafe Jello Gallery is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that'll be all. Thanks so much!
Okay, great. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I'd like some places to go. Some sort of entertainment.
There are 5 places all in the east, south, and west. Which of those areas would you prefer?
I prefer the centre area. What do you have for places to go? Type of college maybe?
There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Many of them are free - I would suggest King's College or Trinity College.
On second thought, I'd rather go to a entertainment spot. Got any of those?
I apologize but in that area, there are no entertainment spots. That is mainly the church area. Perhaps I can look in a different section of the city for you.
Ok, I'd like to stay in the city centre. I guess a college will do. Can you give me the postcode for one that you would recommend?
The postcode of corpus christi is cb21rh.
I also need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Friday and arriving in Peterborough.
There are quite a few trips available. What time do you want to arrive in Peterborough?
I'm not picky on when I want to arrive I just want to leave after [12:45].
There are many options leaving after 12:45. The earliest departure after `12:45 is 13:06, arriving by 13:56. Would you like to book that option?
Yes, book it for seven people. I'll need a reference number.
The tickets are booked and the price is 115.5 GBP which you will pay at the station. Reference number is 9YGZEA87 . Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.
You are quite welcome! Have a good day!


I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday at [08:45]
There are 325 matches for your search. Would you like to narrow down your selection by specifying a departure site or destination?
I am looking to go to cambridge from bishops stortford.
How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets. Can you tell me when the 8:45 train will arrive in Bishops Stortford?
The train will arrive by 10:07.
Great! I'm also looking for a boat type of attraction in town. Is there anything like that?
What are would you like to look in ?
Any area of town is OK, I just need a phone number, please.
The phone number of camboats is 01223902112
Great, I think that's all I need. Thank you.
You are most welcome!


I would like to make a reservation at the [shanghai family restaurant] in cambridge
How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
I would like to get the phone number and area please
The phone number is 01223301761. How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
No reservation necessary, just let me know what area of town its in and I'll do the rest.
The shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?


I'd like a train heading for Cambridge from Peterborough, please.
Certainly! Did you have a travel day in mind?
I will be traveling on Saturday.
The first train leaves peterborough at 05:19 the last leaves at 07:19 would you like tickets?
Yes, for 8 people please.
I have 8 seats reserved for you. Your reference number is O2j7w28g .
Awesome. I'm also looking for the [gonville hotel].
I can help you with that. What kind of information did you need about the Gonville Hotel?
I would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on Saturday as well.
How many rooms would you like to book for that group?
Uh, I thought I told you 8.
I have your rooms booked. The reference number is 9wy58ojm . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you so much!
You are quite welcome. Have a lovely stay! Goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel with a moderate price range that includes free parking also.
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are 2 hotels in the north area in the moderate price range, both have 2 stars and free parking and internet.
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at [ashley]
Would you like me to make a booking for either one? Which one do you prefer?
any of your choice.
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is TJSXO54D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge, can you help me?
Okay! What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave after [14:00]. And it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so friday.
Okay, the TR6247 leaves at 14:09. Would you like me to book tickets?
No thank, just need total travel time and price.
Prices is 37.80 pounds per person, the total duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Any other questions today?
No, that is everything I need. Thanks for your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all, thank you for your help.
Have a pleasant stay at the Ashley and a wonderful trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [Mexican] food. Preferably, some place that is cheap to moderately priced. Are there any in that area?
I'm sorry, my system is not allowing me to look up Mexican Restaurants in the Center of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm not looking for a restaurant right now, I'm actually looking for a train. I need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on Saturday after [15:15].
I have found 9 available trains. The first leaves at 15:40 and they leave every hour after that. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes the 15:40 sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people please?
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, could you get me some information about museums in the area?
We actually have 23 restaurants in town! Is there a certain area you'll be in?
I'm not looking for a restaurant, I want a museum. You can choose it.
How about the [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology], in the centre? Admission is free.
Great. Could you also get me their postcode?
The postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all that I needed today.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a nice day.


Hello! I am looking for a play stay, I would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north
I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive hotel in the north area, would you like to try a different area or price range?
Are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the north?
Yes, I just double checked for you. There are some in the moderate price range if you're interested?
Yes please. An expensive hotel in the north with free parking and free internet. Can you book the room for me please?
I'm showing several guesthouses and two hotels in the north area and all have internet and parking. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel, please. For 4 people and 4 nights.
I have 2 options here. May I suggest [ashley hotel]? Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Book it please! Can you also provide a reference number? thanks!
Yes, but I need the day that you will be arriving first.
Please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
I was able to book you, your reference number is HOR1CR41 . Any other questions today?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.


Are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking?
Yes. Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
Are there any available for less than $200 a night?
There are several. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and is in the Centre. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a 2 star hotel?
No, it has 4 stars
Let's try a hotel type with free parking in the centre of town with a star of 2.
I'm sorry. I have no 2 star hotels in the center of town. However, I have some in other parts of town. Would you care to modify your search criteria?
how about for 2 nights?
The only 2 star hotels are in the north or the east. Do you mind staying in one of those areas?
Yes that would be fine with me
How about the [Ashley Hotel]? It is on the north side of town, has 2 stars, free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, the rooms are unavailable for that day and time. Can I try a shorter stay for you or possibly a different day?
How about for 2 nights?
Yes, I was able to successfully book you for two nights. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have the reference number and address please?
Of course! The reference number is QZYSOMAW and the address is 74 chesterton road. May I help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
We're glad to be of service, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help while you're in Cambridge!


I'm looking to stay at a moderate priced place with free parking.
Both the [Ashley Hotel] and the [Lovell Lodge] fit that bill. They are both pretty similar, do you have any preference?
Do either of them have a star rating of 4?
No, both of those hotels have 2 star ratings and are located in the north part of town. Do you want a 4 star hotel somewhere else?
I would like a 4 star hotel that is priced moderatly. I don't have preference in the part of town.
I have 9 available but there are no hotels, only guesthouses. Is that okay?
A guesthouse would be fine.
Okay, for how many people how long and when please?
I need to book for 3 people on 3 nights starting tuesday.
The booking for [Acorn Guesthouse] was successful. The reference number is A3J9JE6H .
Are there any colleges in town? I want to see some.
Education is a core of industry in cambridge, we have 18 college, any preference by area?
No area preference. I would appreciate a recommendation.
i recommend [corpus christi]. it is in the centre
Ok that sounds good. Could you tell me what the entrance fee is there?
no fee's it is free admission
Perfect, that takes care of me, thanks for your help.
Have a nice day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge, Looking for a place to dine
You have come to the right place! What kind of food do you like?
Nothern [European] food, please
I was unable to find any northern european restaurants
Ok. How about just european? Any luck there?
what is your price range to narrow down our choices?
I would like to find a expensive one please.
I have five restaurants that offer european foods, 3 at the center, 1 on west and that other one on the north. Which are do you prefer?
Whichever you recommend. Can I have the phone number, postcode, and address, please?
I recommend the Eraina. The address is on Free School Lane City Centre, cb23rh. The phone number is 01223368786
Okay. I;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by [08:00] in london kings cross.
I recommend TR3343. It leaves Cambridge at 07:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 7:51. Will that work for you? I can reserve a spot?
Yes please reserve a spot and give me the reference number after.
How many tickets will you need?
I will need two tickets.
I have booked you 2 tickets.
What is the booking reference number?
The reference number is NMEZYUQT . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help today
You're very welcome! Bye now!


Can you help me find a cheapt [italian] restaurant?
There are five options, are preference on area?
No, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. We'd like to eat at [13:15] on Saturday.
I have made a reservation for your party at [La Margherita] for Saturday at 13:15. Your reference number is 6HVNT7JN . Enjoy!
Thank you that is all I need today.
You're welcome, thanks for contacting us and have a wonderful day!


I need to take a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport I need to arrive by [14:45]
What day do you want to travel?
I need to go on Thursday, please.
TR0521 will depart at 13:40 and arrive at 14:08. The 28 minute trip will cost 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please and provide me with the reference number as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is TDPEQ21Q . Do you need anything else?
I need place to stay with free wifi.
What area are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I like 4 star guesthouses though.
I have quite a few that fit your description. What price range are you looking for?
I'd prefer something in the moderate price range.
I recommend the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] in the north. It meets your specifications. Would you like help in booking it?
That sounds good. Can I get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is YCL4D5P6 .
Thank you! That is all that I need!
If that is all, then thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Would you be able to recommend a museum?
[Broughton house gallery] is available, would you like to try that?
That sounds interesting, what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is moderately priced.
We have 2 hotels and 12 guesthouses across town that fit your price and have parking. Do you prefer a specific type of place or area of town?
The area doesn't matter I prefer a guesthouse. Any one you recommend will be fine.
There are still quite a few guesthouses to consider. I suggest the [archway house] which is 4 stars. It's in the north of the city.
then book for 1 people and 4 nights starting monday. give me reference number
Booking was successful. Your reference number is G2FVVFV7 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all! Thank you so much!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


I need a train going to cambridge.
Absolutely! What day and time would you like to leave?
On Thursday any time after [21:00].
Where will you be departing from?
I will departing from birmingham new street.
I would recommend TR7324 which leaves Birmingham New Street at 21:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 24:23.
Yes can you book that for 1 person?
Your booking for one ticket is complete. Your reference number is VEG5Q87Q and 75.09GBP will be due at the station.
I am also looking for a attraction called [old schools].
Yes, Old Schools is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, what is their entrance fee and attraction type? Thanks!
It is free to enter and type is architecture. May I help you with anything else?
No, you have been very helpful today, thank you. I am all set. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service!


I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.
Do you have a food preference?
I am looking for something that serves [british] food in the centre of town.
i got quite a number. can you state your price preference?
I would like to dine somewhere that is expensive.
[Fitzbillies Restaurant] is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table?
Could i get their phone number please?
yes, their phone number is 01223352500
Thanks! I'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. What's around there?
There are a lot of choices, depending on your interests. The [Soul Tree Nightclub], for example, or the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. What sort of thing were you looking for?
any should be OK. please get me the entrance fee and address.I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
The address of the Soul Tree Nightclub is 1-6 Corn Exchange Street, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Shall I organize the taxi to that address?
Yes but I need to leave the Night club by [1:45] and go to Fitzbillies restaurant. I'll need the contact number and car type as well.
Ok, I've got you a red lexus, contact number 07216817086 Can I help with anythign else today?
Thank you, thatll be all for now.
You're welcome. If you need anything else, let us know.


I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[The Missing Sock] serves International cuisine at a cheap price. They are in the east part of town at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The missing sock's phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is C B 25, 9 A Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You
Thank you for using our system. Is that all you need today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.


Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [American] food and is in the center of town.
The [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is located on Regent Street in City Centre.
That sounds good. Can you provide me with their contact info?
Their phone number is 01223312598. Do you need more information?
What is the price range?
It is expensive, but very good.
I also need a hotel called [lovell] Lodege
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I found quite a few. What kind of food would you like?
I'd like an expensive [gastropub].
I have the [backstreet bistro] in the centre of town, does that sound good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book a table for 5 people @ [13:30] on Saturday?
You are booked! They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is IX1RPSY3 . Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to know if there are any shows or concerts in town.
There are great concerts at [The Man on the Moon] concert hall. Their phone number is 01223474144, if you'd like to check coming attractions. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the postcode on that and the entrance fee?
Their address is 2 norfolk stree. I am not sure of their entrance fee, they do not have it listed.
Could you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.
You're welcome! Just let us know if you need anything else.


I am looking a train arriving by [17:45] that leaves on Friday.
sure, what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge and going to norwich.
TR7747 leaves cambridge on friday and arrives in norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for three people, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8MRK0X44 .
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Can you also help me find a [British] restaurant in the centre of town?
i have 7 british restaurants in the centre of town. which price range would you prefer?
expensive price range will be good
How about [midsummer house restaurant]?
That sounds good. What is their postcode and what is their phone number?
Postcode is cb41ha and phone number is 01223369299. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Thank you, that will be all.
I hope you enjoy your dinner.


I'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the [Riverboat Georgina]
Unfortunately, I do not know if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, that's ok. I can find out later. But can you tell me what attraction type they are?
Riverboat georgina is a boat.
Can you tell me what area they are in and what their postcode is please?
They are in the north and their postcode is cb43ax
I bet I'll be hungry after visiting the Georgina so can you please find me a [chinese] restaurant in the centre?
sure! i have 10 options for you in that area.
Thank you, the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
I have 4 listings that meet your criteria. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like more information on one of these?
Yes, give me the address and phone number to the [ugly duckling] plox
The [ugly duckling] is at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre, cb21tw. I'm afraid I don't have a phone.
Can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to [riverboat]? I want to leave the restaurant by [22:45].
I can book that taxi. I need the departure site, the arrival location and travel time.
I'd like to leave the restaurant by 22:45, please. I don't care about the arrival time.
Could you tell me where you would like to go after the ugly duckling?
I'm going to riverboat georgina.
Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a yellow Ford. The contact number is 07130797205. Can I be of further assistance, today?
No thank you. That is all.
Okay! If there's anything else you need, please just call us back. Goodbye.


I need a moderately priced restaurant in the south of Cambridge
I have two restaurants in the south. They serve italian or modern european. Would you like information on either of those?
No, I was hoping to eat some [South African] food.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry, not sure I follow. Can you recommend a south african food restaurant? Thanks.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African food but I can look for other types of cuisines if you want.
[Modern European] will be fine. Can you reserve a table at one please?
Yes, I will book you a table now.
Thank you. I need it for 4 people at [12:15] on Saturday
I was able to book a table for two at [restaurant alimentum] located in the south your reference number is 70K7T35N . Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Hello I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Any suggestions?
Yes the [Grafton Hotel] has a very nice restaurant.
Is the food there [gastropub]?
They are British, would you like me to look up a gastropub?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on Tuesday at [19:30]?
Royal Standard is the only expensive gastropub in the east. I booked a party for 6 at 19:30 with reference YHCVV3FQ .
I am also looking for a Hotel by the name of [Allenbell].
Of course, would you like me to book it?
Yes i need it for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.
Your booking was successful, and your reference number is OMITG48O . Is there anything else I can assist you with tonight?
No, that is all. Thank you very much.
Have a good trip! Good bye.


Can you locate the nearest police station please?
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Can you read me the address for that location, and phone number as well?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. And their number is 01223358966.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome goodbye


Hi. I am hoping you can help me find a cheap [Indian] restaurant.
Sure I have 4 cheap Indian restaurants. kohinoor, royal spice, the gandhi and mahal of cambridge. Would you like to book one of these?
The mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions. Let's book a table for two at the [royal spice].
Of course. When would you like to dine?
Actually, I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address and phone number for the Royal Spice?
The Royal Spice is at Victoria Avenue Chesterton, their phone number is 01733553355. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you for your help
Your, welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks again. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I am looking for a train leaving peterborough arriving by [8:30]
There are 35 trains do you have a destination and day?
Yes, I'm headed to Cambridge on Wednesday.
TR8935 leaves at 7:19 and will arrive at 8:09. Would you like me to book it?
Can you also tell me the travel time?
Duration for this particular trip is 50 minutes.
OK, that is all the information I need. I can't book it quite yet. Thanks for all of your help. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside.
There are 8 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a preference on price range?
No but I need it to have free parking.
How about the Kirkwood House? It is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side of town with free wifi and free parking.
That sounds good. I need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on Friday.
I'm sorry, it seems there wasn't a room available, after all. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes what are the other options?
I found you a room at the [Acorn Guest House] on Chesterton Road. The reference number is Z0BKPDDZ . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting friday?
The booking was successful for 7 people for 3 nights at acorn guest house . Your reference# is NUYR7OQG . Is there anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.
Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.


I'd like to find [panasian] food for cheap please.
There are no restaurants matching your requests. Would you like another restaurant?
How about [Asian Oriental] food? I would like a phone number and address for any Asian restaurant you find.
Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental. Their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
And that's a cheap restaurant?
Yes, dojo noodle bar is a restaurant in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else?
No, enjoy your meal!
Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
What do you want to know ?
I should have told you that already, I apologize. I need to take a train from cambridge to london kings cross, on thursday leaving after [15:00].
There are trains meeting those requirements leaving at 15:00, 17:00, 19:00, 21:00, 23:00. They all take 51 minutes and cost 23.60 pounds.
I think I want the one leaving at [17:00]. What's the train ID for that one?
The train ID is TR1791 would you like me to book a seat? Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is there any architecture attraction in the city Centre?
There are 5 great places to visit in the centre. My favorite is All Saints Church, would you like the address?
Can you just give me the postcode for that one please?
The postcode is cb58bs. Will that be all?
That will indeed be all for me today. Thank you! Bye
You are very welcome. Have a nice day.


I need a taxi from [Kings Lynn station] at [5:15], going to [HK Fusion], please.
You are booked with a grey volvo, phone number is 07406139758. Anything else I can do for you?
No that's it! Thank you!
You're very welcome! Have a great time in town!


Hello, can you help me find a pricey [Singaporean] restaurant in Cambridge?
There are none available, do you have another type of food.
I sort of really had my heart set on Singaporean food.
I'm so sorry! Checked my sources and don't see a Singaporean restaurant in any part of town. May I help you in some other way?
Yes Can you find me a hotel that is cheap?
In what area would you like the hotel to be?
Sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that. Still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive [indian] ones in the centre?
There are several. May I suggest [Curry Garden] is located in the Centre and has an expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you book a table for 8 people on Saturday at [15:45]?
A table is booked for Saturday for 15:45 at 8 and for 8 people. Reference number is B00KVHN
I'm also looking for a place called [cambridge and country folk museum].
The Cambridge and Country folk museum is located in the west. It has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. Can I tell you anything else about it?
No that will be all thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum.
What time of day would you like this booking for?
I need to get to the restaurant in time for the reservation.
Excellent. You are all set with a red Skoda. The contact number is 07563648759. Anything else I can help with?
no thanks that is all
enjoy your stay with us!


I want to find a hospital in town. The hospital should have the [hepatobillary and gastrointestinal surgery regional referral centre] department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. They have the department you're looking for, would you like the phone number?
I need the address, postcode, and phone number.
The phone number is 01223217300 and post code is CB20QQ.
Great, thanks for your help.
Do you need any further assistance?
That was all. Thanks
You are welcome. Please call back if you need anything else.


I would like recommendations for [italian] restaurants.
[Stazione restaurant and coffee bar] is an Italian restaurant, would you like to book that?
Is the price range for Stazione restaurant moderate?
No, Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the south part of town. I would also like a phone number and address, please.
Sure U have the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and their telephone is 01223323737 and their postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge.
There are 1,414 trains departing from Cambridge. Can I narrow that down by destination, day, and/or a time?
I'm looking for a train to Stansted Airport that departs on Wednesday. It needs to arrive by [17:30].
I have many that will arrive by that time, but the closest to that actual time is TR2912, departing cambridge at 16:40 and arriving at stansted at 17:08.
That sounds great. That is all the information I needed. Thank you for your help.
I am ready to book, but need to know how many tickets you need for the train?
I don't want to book right now I just wanted to know the availability. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you. Please contact us again in the future if you would like any additional information or bookings.


I would like to eat at an expensive [european] food restaurant
There are five european restaurants, which area would you like to dine in?
The area doesn't matter. Can you make a recommendation, please?
I would recommend [Eraina], it is at Free School Lane City Centre.
Great, Can you book me a table for 2 at [18:00] on Monday?
Unfortunately Eraina is not available at that time. Would you like to try the [City Stop Restaurant]?
Sure, that would work.
Please book another day or time slot. the place could be full
How about [17:00]?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is KANPYWAC,
Thanks, that is all I need today.
The address for the restaurant is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270. You will fond the restaurant in the North area of town.


I'm interested in any info about places to go in the west side of Cambridge
Do you have any preferences in terms of the attraction types?
No preference. If you could recommend one. Could you provide me the address and phone number of the one you choose?
Would you be interested in visiting a college?
That sounds great! I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of moderate price.
I would recommend Churchill College in the west, they have no entrance fee. Do you require free parking or internet for your hotel?
No, just a moderate hotel in the same area as the college. Free wifi is nice though.
Yes I have a guesthouse in the west that is moderately priced and has free wifi.
If there are no hotels I'll stay at the guesthouse. Can you give me their address and phone number?
[Hobsons House] is located at 96 Barton Road in postcode cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from tuesday please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4X74FH7 . is there something else i can help you with?
No, you have been helpful. Thanks so much. Bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a guesthouse in Cambridge.
Shouldn't be an issue. Any further preferences?
Yes, I would like a 4 star guesthouse that is moderately priced with wifi included.
I have about 11 different gueshouses that fit what you are looking for. Can you tell me the preferred area you wish to stay in to help narrow it down?
I don't care about the area so much, I just need free wifi and to know whether they have free parking.
Sure, how about acorn guest house they are moderate prices and have free parking and wifi?
How many star does it have?
Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse, moderately priced in the north, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. But I do need information on a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday leaving after [12:00] noon.
I have a train leaving at 12:09 and then every hour after up to 23:09. Do you have a preference?
Can you give me the price for the train leaving at 12:09?
Yes, it's 30.24 pounds.
Ok, and what was the address of the Acorn Guest House?
The acorn guest house is at 154 chesterton road. Anything else I can get you today?
I also need a train leaving sunday after 12:00
Ok, I have booked a train for you leaving Leicester destined for Cambridge on Sunday at 12:09 arriving by 13:54. Your reference number is R9Q27A3Z . Have a pleasant day.


I am looking for a train on Friday to Cambridge
I would be happy to help you find a train. Can you confirm where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from peterborough and it needs to arrive by [20:45].
TR9805 will arrive at 20:38, would that work for you?
Yes please book me tickets for 5 people
The booking was successful the price is 82.5 pounds your reference number is 7HQD6471 . Do you need anything else?
I could use some help finding a museum to visit.
There are many lovely museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer a certain type of museum, or a particular neighbourhood?
I'm open to just about anything. What's your favorite?
I quite enjoy [Byard Art] Museum located at 14 King's Parade. It is free also. Can I give you any more information?
Which area is it in? And can you also give me the post code?
Byard Art is south and the postcode is cb21sj. Would you like information on another attraction?
No, that one sounds perfect, thank you.
May I help you with anything else, such as a restaurant?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you. Good bye.
It's been my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day.


I need to get out of the city on Friday, can you find me a train?
There are many options available to you on Friday. Where would you be leaving from?
I would like to depart from cambridge.
Would train TR5767 work? It leavees at 05:00.
No, we are going to norwich and need to leave after [14:15].
TR2420 leaves at 15:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need 1 ticket.
I have made that reservation for you on train TR2420 and your reference number is 2A3LMYL1 .
I also need to find a restaurant in the west with a moderate price range.
I have three options with a moderate price range in the west. Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian?
Do you have any options in the west with [Greek] food?
I'm sorry, we don't have any Greek restaurants anywhere in town. Is there anything else that would work?
how about one that serves [british] food?
[Saint Johns Chop House] serves British food and is located in the west. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at [10:00].
What day will you be dining there?
I will be dining there on Friday.
I have you booked on Friday at 10:00. The reference number is 5ALATF6D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I will need, thank you. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. I hope you enjoy your train ride and dinner.


I want to go to a particular attraction called [great saint mary's church].
Sure! great saint mary's church is in the centre. What information do you need?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for that church is CB23PQ. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you. I also need a train that should leave on thursday and should go to cambridge.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from ely.
great, do you know your departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by [15:15]
I have train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.
I want to confirm that I will arrive by 15:15? You stated, leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?
I think the TR4992 train will work better. It leave ely at 13:35 and arrives at cambridge at 13:52 on thursday. Would that one work?
Yes, I'm not booking my seat just yet. All I needed was the train ID, and you have given me that. Thank you.
You are welcome, any other questions today?
That's all I need, thank you!
I hope you enjoy your time here!


Hi, I'm looking for a nightclub located in the east.
There aren't any, unfortunately. Shall I look for something elsewhere?
No that's ok. Is there anything in the east in the category of multiple sports?
The [cherry hinton village centre] is a multiple sports attraction in the east.
Can I get their telephone number?
Sure! The telephone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need their address.
Of course! The address is colville road, cherry hinton cb19ej. May I help with anything else?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. I prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. It will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.
I recommend [Arcon guesthouse]. It matches your description and even has free parking . Can I book you into it?
Yes please, and can you send me the reference number once the booking is complete?
I have booked you a room and the Reference number is : 42KEXQ3V .
Thanks. I need help with one more thing, a taxi to travel from the hotel.
I can book you a taxi from the Acorn to the Cherry Hinton centre, but I do need to know what time you'd like to go!
between the hotel and the [arcon guest house].
I am sorry but I can't book it without the time. When did you want to go?
Oh sure, I would like to leave the hotel by [9:45].
Okay. I booked you a black skoda and the contact number is 07991291688.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.


I need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.
There are many high quality places to stay here, we have 19 4 stars places to choose from, any other preferences?
I would like it to be in the east.
[Autumn house] is available, would you like to book that?
I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on thursday. Can you please book that for me?
All set. Your reference number is TQA52SN1 .
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge starting at [10:30]
What is your destination?
I need to leave on sunday and my destination is london kings cross.
I'm sorry the earliest train I have on Sunday leaves at 11:59.
Could you check one more time? I'm departing cambridge and going to London kings cross. I should arrive by [10:30] on Sunday.
I have a train leaving at 7:59 and arriving at 9:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book for 7 people.
The booking was successful and 79.67 GBP will be payable at the station. Your reference number is GPU9OWRW . What else can I do for you?
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please enjoy your trip to Cambridge, and let us know if there is any other way we can help. Goodbye.


Could you help me find the [Cambridge Belfry]?
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne and the phone number is cb236bw.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?
Of course. When would you like to stay?
I would like to check in on Saturday for 2 nights. There will be 4 of us.
Your reservation was successfully made. The reference number is PJ9D98BY . Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.


I need a train from london liverpool street station on wednesday.
What is your destination, please?
I am heading to Cambridge for an important visit. Can you get me there by [11:00]?
There is one train leaving at 7:39 arriving at 9:07 would that work for you?
That should be perfect. How many tickets can I get?
You can buy up to eight tickets.
Just one is fine.
Ok. The price is 16.60 pounds for 1 ticket. Do you want me to book it?
Could you tell me the travel time please first?
Yes, it's 88 minutes. May I help with anything else?
That's all the info I needed today, thank you for your help!
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for places to go when I get to town. Are there any good museums?
There are many museums. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Yes I would prefer to be in the west.
Ok, I have 7 listings. Might I suggest the [Museum of Classical Archaeology]?
That sounds great. Can i get the address and entrance fee?
They are located on sidgewick avenue and admission is free. Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay. Perhaps 4 stars, and I need wifi.
There are a few places that match that description. Do you know what area you'd like to stay in?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Can you book it for 2 nights starting Saturday for 1 person?
May I suggest the [Acorn Guest House]?
That sounds like a great place.
sure thing all set! reference number is IS8BB29K anything else for you today?
No. Thank you though, this has been very helpful.
Great! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me?
We have 2 hotels in the north. Both are in the moderate price range.
Great! Do either one have a 2 star rating?
Yes, they both do. Do you want to book one?
Yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday. Can I please have the reference number? Thank you for your help.
I will book that for you now.
Your booking was successful. Can I help you with anything else like restaurants or attractions in the area?
The booking was successful. Reference number is MO0RU0NN . What else can I help you with?
I need a train to Cambridge.
What day will you be traveling on and what is your departure city?
I need to depart from london liverpool street, after [15:15]. Can you tell me how long the travel time is too?
on which day do you want to travel?
It needs to be on Tuesday.
The train ride time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks, group is still deciding on a carpool or a train, but thank you for all of the help.
Can I look up anything else for you?
I do need a train from london liverpool street on tuesday please.
There are 5 leaving after 15:15. The first one is leaving at 15:39 and takes 88 minutes. You'd arrive by 17:07 and the cost is 16.60 pounds.
I'd like to book the previously mentioned train that leaves 15:39.
Are you sure you want to book now, if so, how many people?
Please book for 6 people.
All booked. Your reference number is TPJE3LTQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
Your welcome, have a good day.


Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?
i have a variety. if you can narrow down your choice by price range and maybe rating.
A 3 star rating would be perfect.
[Hobsons House] is at address 96 barton road postcode cb39lh and their phone number is 01223304906.
Great, can you help me find some place to go in the Centre, maybe a college?
There are 13 to choose from, are you looking for one with free admission?
That doesn't actually matter. You can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode
How about [Christ's college]?
Yeah that is fine, can I get their phone number and zip code?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two. I want to leave the hotel by [20:45].
Booked car type : white bmw. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's it for me today. Thanks so much! Bye!
Your welcome. Contact us again anytime. Good Bye!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital, can you please give me their phone number?
The phone number for the Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223245151. Is there anything else?
what is the postcode and address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Do you need any further information?
No, that should be all. I better get going.
Glad to be of help. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge departing from norwich?
Certainly! What day are you traveling?
My meeting is on Wednesday.
Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by [19:30].
Train TR2379 departs at 17:16 and arrives at 18:35. Will this work for you or would you like an earlier time?
That's all I needed to know about the train. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced place to day with four stars.
which side would you like to be?
the area doesn't matter but make sure its a hotel and not a guesthouse including free wifi.
I'm unable to find anything that meets all of your criteria. Can we adjust your price range to find the appropriate accommodations?
how about one that is in the cheap price range
How about The [Cambridge Belfry]? It is cheap, has four stars, and has internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
That sounds great. Please book it for 8 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z01W0H74 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant called [Saint Johns Chop House], can you help me find it?
Saint johns chop house is located on 21 - 24 Northampton Street. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Would you be able to book Monday at [18:15] for a party of 3?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5CWN8I1X .
I'm also looking for places to go while I'm there, preferable something in the west.
There are 13 entries that match your criteria. What entrance fee are you looking to meet?
Any is fine, I'm not picky
Do you have a preference on whether it is a college, museum, or entertainment?
How about a museum? And could you provide me with a postcode and phone number please?
Kettle's Yard is great. Their phone number is 01223748100. The postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
You're welcome, enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town.
Moderately priced options in the north are abundant. Do you have any particular preferences or needs I should enter into the system to narrow it down?
The hotel should be a guesthouse, in the 4 star range
We have plenty of options. Any other preferences?
No. Do you have any suggestions?
I would book from [acorn guest house], with 4 stars. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you book that for Wednesday. I have 2 people and want to stay 3 nights.
Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we try for 2 nights instead. I'll need the reference number too.
The booking was successful. Reference number is : YH1D51ZS . May I help with anything else?
Yes, are there any trains leaving town after [13:45] on Friday?
Where will you be leaving from and going to?
I am leaving from cambridge to bishops stortford.
I have several trains that will work for you. You can arrive as early as 16:07 or as late as 24:07.
Can I have the train ID and price for the first train after 13:45?
TR2730 is the train ID. May I go ahead and book that for you?
NO thanks, no need to book for now. That is all of the info that I need.
Ok great. Anything else you need?
Can i have the price as well.
That trip would be 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Thank you goodbye.
You are welcome, have a great trip.


I am looking for a entertainment in the south area.
[Nusha] is an entertainment attraction in the South. Would you like more information?
Yes, what's their postcode? And while you're at it, maybe their phone number, too.
The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wondering if you can help me find a restaurant called [tandoori palace].
Yes. It's an Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a table?
Can you give me the postal code for tandoori palace?
The post code for tandoori palace is cb43le. Can I book a table, if so for how many on what date?
No need to book a table at this time. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves [danish] food.
I'm sorry but there is no matching records found that fits your requests .
what about [international] food?
There are three restaurants that serve international food. Would you like a specific price range?
I do not have a preference.
[bloomsbury restaurant] is in the centre and serving international food and it is a moderate price is there anything I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number and postcode, please?
bloomsbury restaurant's phone number is 0871 942 9180, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 D.T
Thank you bye bye
Have a nice day!


I need a train from kings lynn to go to cambridge
What day will you be traveling on?
saturday and I want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to cambridge
The TR9346 leaves at 14:11. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, please book for one person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CJ3UDSFH .
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve [spanish] food
There is one place available. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please book for 1 at [19:00] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LBSSZORN . What else can I help you with today?
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you have a great day.


Hi, I'm looking for a [steakhouse], please.
I'm sorry, there are 0 steakhouses in Cambridge. Perhaps another type of food?
What about [asian oriental] food?
There are 5. [Dojo noodle bar] looks to be a good match.
Yes, for four people, on Monday, at [15:00].
I am sorry I was not able to book that. Is there another restaurant or time you would be interested in?
How about [14:00] instead?
I was able to book that reservation for Monday at 14:00 for four people, reference number 7VB3NKTI . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I am also looking for a hotel. Can you find the [Acorn Guest House]?
Yes, that is located North. would you like to book a room?
No, I would just like a phone number. What area is that in?
The Acorn House is in the north and the phone number is 01223353888.
Great! I'll also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I will be going from The [Acorn House] to the Dojo Noodle Bar.
I was able to get you that taxi. Be looking for a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07143451074. Anything else I can do?
That's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. I want [asian oriental] in the expensive price range
I have two choices for you. One on the north side of town and one in the [city] center. Any preferences?
Let's try the one on the north side of town. I'd like to make reservations, if possible.
I can try to make that reservation for you. What day are you looking to eat on, how many are in your party, and what time would you like?
I would like the reservation for 5 people at [18:45] on Friday.
I have made those reservations your reference number is WK0CPIFS
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for a train?
I sure can. Which stations will you be using?
I need to get to Cambridge from Peterborough by [13:15] on the the same day as my reservation.
The TR7877 arrives by 13:09. Would you like to book that one?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.
The Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JU3L0EZL . Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for today. Thank you so much for your help!
I'm happy I could help you. Enjoy your trip. Good bye.


I need a taxi from [The Man on the Moon] to [Bangkok City], please.
Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after [5:00].
I've booked a car for you, a yellow bmw, the contact number is 07412002966.
Thank you, goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Can you find a restaurant called [Panahar]?
i found it, what info would you like?
I would like a reservation for 1 person on sunday at [15:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : D78P3BKQ .
i also want a place to go in the centre.
I think you should go to the [Great Saint Mary's Church], would you like any info on them?
I would like the entrance fee and phone number.
The entrance fee is 2 pounds. The phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes what is the attraction type?
architecture, anything else for you today?
that's it! thaaaanks!
Alright, have a great time. Good bye.


Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?
What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [16:15] on tuesday.
I have a train that laeves at 17:21. Will that do?
there is none that leaves earlier? how much will that one cost me?
There is no earlier train. The price is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thank you. Could you help me find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at?
I have 2 guesthouses in the center. They're both cheap, but the 4-star Alexander B&B is by far the better choice. Would you like to book a room?
I need one in the expensive price range that includes free parking.
I'm sorry we don't have an expensive guesthouse in the centre area. Would you like to try some different criteria?
Ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a hotel that matches my other requests.
I recommend [University Arms hotel]. I meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like it for Thursday for 7 people, 5 nights.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : VH6MRHBA . What else can I help you with today?
Thanks, that's all. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service today!


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving [european] food.
de luca cucina and bar is in the centre part of town and in the moderate price range.
Is there anything else? give me the address and postcode please.
There is also the [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] also has expensive european food in the centre area at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre postal code CB30DQ
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 355166.
ok thank you good bye
Thank you. Good bye
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Bye.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you have a preference of cuisine?
No, i dont care about the cuisine.
[meghna] is a restaurant in the west part of town and moderately priced. would you like their phone number and address?
I need the address.
meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else?
no. thank you
Goodbye


I am looking for a park to go to.
Is there a particular area of town you'd like to spend time in?
I would prefer the south side of Cambridge.
I have two parks in the south. The Sheep's Green and Lammas land park fen causeway and the other is Wandlebury Country park. Would you like info on either one?
Yes. Please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for The [Sheep's Green], please.
the phone number is 01223302580 and admission is free
Thank you. I'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. I'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 2 stars.
We have an expensive 2 star hotel in the east called [express by holiday inn cambridge]. It's located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking?
Yes they have free parking as well as free wifi.
please do the booking for me..two persons
When will you arrive and how many days will you be staying?
Sorry, don't want to book right now. But I do need a taxi to get between the attraction and the hotel.
I can do that. I just need to know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by [11:30].
How many people will be traveling?
Just me, thank you.
No problem! A red Ford will pick you up from the park, contact number 07109413810. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need for to today.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I am looking for [fitzbillies] in Cambridge.
There is a fitzbillies restaurant at this address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Awesome. What price range is that in?
it offers British food and it is expensive
What area is that in?
The restaurant is located in the centre, would you like me to book you a table?
Don't book it but can you send me their full contact info? Thanks.
Here is the phone number 01223352500.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north area with wifi.
Sure. Were you looking for a specific price range?
Yes cheap please.
There are two [guesthouses],in the north, in the cheap price range. Both have wifi and parking. One is 4 stars. The other is 0 stars.
Book 4 star one. For 5 people, 3 nights, Tuesday.
Okay. Your booking at the Worth House was successful. The reference number is 6Z40CANO . Can I help with anything else today?
Nope thats everything thanks
Thank you enjoy the stay in cambridge.


Yes, please help me book a train to stansted airport.
Of course, from where will you be departing?
cambridge, any time after [15:45] on monday
The first train in the time frame you mentioned is the TR1088 from cambridge to stansted airport on monday at 16:40. Shall I book that for you?
Can you tell me the arrival time of that train?
The arrival time is 17:08.
That works for me. Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with? Do you need a reservation for that train?
No that would be all thank you very much.
Thank you. Have an enjoyable trip.


Hi, I need to take a train on Sunday that leaves after [08:45].
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and need to go to Leicester.
I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and I.
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B7ID18CR .
I'm also looking for information on the [huntingdon marriott hotel].
It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are 01480446000 and pe296fl.
That's perfect, thanks!
Can I go ahead and book this for you?
no, i just need their address.
It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington


Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.
Would you prefer a proper hotel or a guesthouse? There are 7 places to stay with your chosen criteria.
I have no preference, but the place does need to include free parking.
The [Allenbell] guesthouse fits your preferences. It's located at 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving Friday night and departing Wednesday morning.
I have six places with that criteria, is there a star rating you prefer?
No, but I need a place that has free wifi and I would also like a reference number for the booking, please.
I'm sorry, but the hotel has no vacancy for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
I guess you can try for four nights.
Ok, I was able to book your stay for four days. Your reference number is QNV935PQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town specifically a college.
What part of town would you like it


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food!
What area are you looking for?
I don't care.
The [Bloomsbury restaurant], serves international food.
What is their address and phone number?
Bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180. May I help you with anything else?
Is Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range?
Yes, Bloomsbury restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Can I get the postcode?
Bloomsbury restaurant has the C.B 2, 3 D.T postcode.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Bloomsbury restaurant is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the phone number is 0871 942 9180. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.
You're welcome. Bye.


I'm looking for an attraction to go in the centre. Can you help?
Yes, we have many attractions in the centre of town. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference on type of attraction.
There are 44 attractions in the centre. Would you like to go to visit a church?
That sounds like a good idea. Could you please give me the phone number and postcode of one you would suggest? Also the attraction's entrance fee.
How about [Holy Trinity Church]? Their postcode is cb23nz and the telephone number is 01223355397.
Is there and entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee for the Holy Trinity Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a Train leaving some time after [9:15] from Bishops Stortford.
What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday.
great, and what is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge.
There are 8 trains that meet your criteria. They run every two hours starting at 09:29. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I want to leave sometime after 9:15 from bishops stortford thursday to cambridge, whats the arrival time to the closest train and the ID please
The earliest train available is TR0798. The arrival time would be 10:07.
Brilliant. Thanks for your help today.
Is that everything you needed today?
Yes that is all. You were great. Thanks again.
Please use our service again. Goodbye.


I need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking.
I have 19 places to stay with 4 stars and parking, which area would you prefer?
I would like to be in the north area.
There are no hotels that fit your criteria. However, there are 7 guesthouses available. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Are there any guesthouses with free wifi?
Yes, all 7 guesthouses have internet available. What price range are you looking for?
Oh, cool. It really doesn't matter. Which would you recommend?
How about Acorn Guest House?
How much per night?
It is moderately priced. I don't have an exact price.
OK, I don't need a room right now, but can I have the post code and phone number for [Acorn]?
Sure. Postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Bye!
Thank you, have a great day.


I'm looking for a 4-star place that's moderately priced.
I can help you finding a room that suits your needs. I have about 11 different options. Can you tell me what area of town you prefer?
The east would be best.
There are three options, two of which have both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book at one of them?
I do need free wifi.
How about the [carolina bed and breakfast]? They have free wifi. I can book for you.
No. I may decide later. Could I get the address though.
The address is 138 perne road and the postcode is cb13nx. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that will be all, thanks.
Great. Have a great day.


Hi! Do you have any [Indian] food on the east side?
I have four Indian places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not, any place will do. I'd like to find a table for three at [12:45] on Monday.
Unfortunately there are no tables available matching that, do you have another time?
Ok, how about [11:45], also I would like to know the name of the restaurant.
Ok I have a table for three booked at 11:45 at [Curry Prince]. It is in the east side of town. Your reference number is L8GT5J3I .
Okay that is wonderful. That is all I need.
Great, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Moroccan] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving moroccan food. Would you like something else?
Can i have the [asian oriental] type of food then ?
[dojo noodle bar] serves asian oriental food
Do you have an address?
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
May I have the postcode please?
Dojo Noodle Bar's postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am interested in local restaurants.
We have over 110 restaurants to choose from. Can you tell me what your pricerange and/or style of food might be to narrow it down?
I am looking for a train.
they are so many. if you can tell us were you are going and day we can help
I need to go to kings lynn on thursday.
When do you need to be in Kings Lynn on Thursday? I have 19 trains with a variety of departure times that may work for you.
I need a [5:00] pm departure time thank you
There is no 5:00 train from cambridge to kings lynn on thursday, but there is TR7239 that leaves at 5:11. Would that work?
Yes, can I have the train ID and travel time, please?
TR7239 departs from Cambridge at 5:11 on Thursday and arrives at Kings Lynn by 5:58. The duration of travel is 47 minutes. Do you need assistance booking it?
No need to book it, but I would like to find a [gastropub] restaurant in the east please.
the [royal standard] is located in that area. would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 7 at [11:15] on thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 1DX9H02O . Do you need any further assistance today?
That is all I need today.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


Yes, I need a train departing from kings lynn.
What time will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after [14:30] and arrive at cambridge.
TR5331 leaves Kings Lynn at 15:11 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:58. Will this train work for you?
No. The train should leave on Sunday as I said.
I have the TR2965 leaving kings lynn sunday at 15:11. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I need 7 seats.
I have booked your seats,here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5C3SFLV2 .
I also need a cheap place to eat in the center of town.
There are several listings. Do you have a food preference?
No. Could you pick something you like for me?
I would recommend [the river bar steakhouse and grill], a modern european joint at Quayside Off Bridge Street. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you get me a table for 7? My group will probably head there at [17:00] on the same day.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ATX95AG .
That is perfect. That is all I need today.
Okay, have a wonderful visit in cambridge!


I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge.
There are over 1000 trains coming to Cambridge. Is there a particular day, time, or point of departure that you're interested in?
I want to leave from london liverpool street on tuesday.
What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I would like to arrive by [9:30].
Sure, the train the arrives closest to that time is TR2715, arrives at 09:07. Shall I book it, if so how many riders are there?
Just one. What is the price to book the train?
The price of the train is 16.60 pounds.
Alright, Thanks. I'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is [Hamilton Lodge].
I have found the place you are looking for. Its address is 156 chesterton road, would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Does the Hamilton Lodge include free parking?
Yes, they have free parking as well as internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, thank you.
Of course, what will the number of guest and the duration of your stay be?
Actually, I don't need the room booked. I think we're all set here. Have a good day.
You as well, goodbye.


I want to eat fine [british] food.
There are restaurants that serve british food. What is your price range?
I like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre.
There are 3 expensive restaurants in the centre of town that server British food. I would recommend the [Midsummer House Restaurant].
Sounds great. Please book a table for 3 at [20:00] on Friday and give me the reference number.
I was able to reserve a table. Your reference number is 2SLK6U5L . Is there anything else you'd like me to do?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi I'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially museums on the west side
Would you know the name of the musem?
yes and could like to get the post code
How about the [cafe jello gallery], postcode cb30af?
That sounds nice. Also, can you give me information about The [Lensfield Hotel]?
sure, what would you like to know?
I actually need a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights on wednesday
I made a reservation for you at the lensfield hotel. Your reference is RVYQN9I6 . Please let me know if you need anything else.
That is everything I need.
I'm glad we could be of service today! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I've heard about a hotel called [Kirkwood House], but the only thing I know about it is the name. Can you tell me more?
Certainly. Kirkwood House is a guesthouse on the north side of town. They're a moderately priced establishment with 4 stars, offering both free wifi and free parking.
Thank you. I would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from Monday at the Kirkwood House Hotel.
I am unable to book that for you, we can try another day or a shorter stay if you like
How about for just one night instead?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is KXEQUQA0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a nightclub in the centre of town.
Would you be interested in [Soul Tree Nightclub] located at 1-6 corn exchange street?
Sure, can I get the postcode, entrance fee and phone number please?
They are located in cb23qf and can be reached at 01223477900. The cover charge is 4 pounds.
I also need a taxi to get between the two places. I want to leave by [16:15].
I would be happy to help with that! Will you be traveling from the hotel to the [nightclub], or vice versa?
Yes. Can I get a contact number and car type?
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Volkswagen. Should you need to reach them, please call 07543420592. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Hello, I am looking for a four star hotel on the north side
I have eight results. Do you need free parking?
Not really, and I'm not really concerned with wifi either. Which one do you recommend?
How about Acorn Guest House? It's located at 154 Chesterton Road.
What is the hotel's rating?
It is rated 4 stars,
Actually, could you double check whether the [Acorn] has free wifi?
Yes, it does. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please do. I'll be arriving Thursday. They'll be 6 of us, and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
Yes, it does.
OK, can you please pay attention to my questions? I need a room, please.
Sorry about that! You are booked at the Acorn for 4 nights, starting Thursday ref #ZUC5SZAP . Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that will be all. Thanks!
Let us know if you need anything else.Cheers.


Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month. Are there any good ones?
We have a lot of good restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference in the type of food you want?
Yes, I'd like to find a [Japanese] place in the centre.
There is [wagamama] in 36 Saint Andrews Street, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book it for 4 people at [11:15] on Monday.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ULSWHGVK, anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?
There are quite a lot of different places in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind such as architecture, college, museum etc?
As long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. I want its postcode and entrance fee as well
I recommend [great saint mary's church]. Its postcode is cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you very much. Actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?
Sure, just let me know your departure location, destination and when you are going to travel.
I need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.
absolutely. Look for a white tesla. Its number is 07550780265 in case you need to reach them.
It has been a pleasure talking to you. You have helped me get all I need. Thank you and goodbye.
It's a pleasant to help you. Please call back if you need further assistance in the future.


Can you help me find some cheap [Italian] food?
I have Ask at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks for your help. Can I get their phone number and other info as well?
Sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf.
That's, that's all I need. Good bye.
Excellent. Have a great day!


Hi, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
We have 33 options available, any specific details on the type of place that your looking for?
Yes, the [Gonville Hotel]. Can I get the price range, area, and address please?
Sure I can get that for you. The address is Gonville Place, cb11ly in the centre area. The price range is expensive.
Thank you. Could you also give me information about an attraction called [The Man on the Moon]?
I sure can! The Man on the Moon is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street in Centre. Do you need more information?
I need the postcode.
Of course. The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of it thank you
Thank you and have a good trip.
That is all I needed today.
It was my pleasure to be of help. Goodbye.


Can you find a train departing from Cambridge going to Kings Lynn? Thanks.
Absolutely! It looks like this is a 47 minute ride. What day and time are you looking to depart?
I want to leave after [21:00] on sunday.
I found a train for sunday after 21:00 leaving cambridge going to kings lynn. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 1 and send me a reference number.
The reference number is TVFAM55I .


I looking for a restaurant in centre.
dojo noodle bar is a nice restaurant in the centre of town, it serves asian oriental food.
Is that restaurant moderately priced?
What criteria are you searching for concerning dining?
I'm looking for a moderately priced [European] restaurant located near the centre?
great, i have 4 options for you to choose from!
Please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.
The hotel du vin and bistro is my favorite. Address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street cb21qa, phone 01223227330
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after [20:15] on Saturday. I need to go to Kings Lynn from Cambridge please. Do you have anything?
Yes, the TR6633 leaves at 21:11 and arrives by 21:58. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.
Your train is booked, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : 63QMG2XO . May i help you with something else?


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Thanks, can I get the phone number?
Their telephone number is 01223245151. I can look up specific departments at the hospital.
No, I think their general number should be enough. Thank you. Goodbye.
Great, I'm glad I could help. If there's anything else you need don't hesitate to ask.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
I have eighteen entries that match that. Please specify whether or not parking and free WiFi are of importance to you
It doesn't need to include internet. Does that narrow down the options?
I'd like to suggest [alpha-milton guest house]. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Cool. Can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?
You're all set. The book was successful and the reference number is 20MS14XW .
I'm also looking for a cinema in the west.
Sorry, I cannot find any cinema in the west.
Do you see any museum instead? Can I have the address?
Yep there are plenty of it. I would recommend the [cambridge and county folk museum], which is located at 2-3 castle street.
That sounds great. Can I also have a taxi leaving at [11:45] from the museum to the hotel?
Please look for the white tesla. Its contact number is 07418410137. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all i need. Thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a nice trip.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes
Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ.
Can I please have the phone number for the hospital?
The general number for Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223245151. Can I do anything else for you?
no.Thank you for your help
No problem. That's what I'm here for.


Please recommend some worthwhile places to visit in the centre.
there are some great museums, colleges and churches for you to visit.
Great, I would like to get some phone numbers for those places in the centre.
I have Hughes Hall, 01223334898, with free entrance. The broughton house gallery at 01223314960, also free. I don't seem to have any churches. Can I help you further?
Yes I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving after [18:15].
Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I'll be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday.
There are five trains leaving on Weds. Do you want me to pick one to book?
Sure, and make me a booking for 7 people.
I will go ahead and book that for you.
Ok, that would be great. Can I get the reference number please?
TR9236 leaves cambridge on wednesday on 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. I have booked 7 tickets. Your Reference number is : 2BGY3ZRW .
Thank you. That's all I need for today. You've been a great help.
Have a wonderful visit. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
How about the [Mumford Theatre] located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road, postcode cb11pt? I love that one.
That sounds perfect. How much is the entrance fee?
I do not know the entrance fee. You can call 08451962320 for more information.
Can you also find [finches bed and breakfast]?
Yes I can. You will find it on the west side of town, at 144 thornton road. Can I book you or assist with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Are you sure you do not want me to book you a room?


Looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves [basque] food.
I did not find any restaurants with that criteria. Do you want to change the area?
Will you look for [indian] food in the east?
How about [Curry prince]? It is indian food.
Perfect! I would like a table for 2 at [16:00] on Tuesday
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Would [15:00] on the same day work?
The booking was successful for Tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2. Your reference number is H2VOXSP6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks!
You are welcome!


Can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?
There are several trains departing from Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you traveling and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to Peterborough and want to leave after [12:00].
There are multiple trains leaving that day after 12. First one departs at 12:06.
Book the first one for 8 people please.
I have booked it and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SLAC2W0W .
Thank you that is all I need
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh I almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?
I'm sorry, I am not able to find a 5 star hotel with free internet. Would you consider a 4 star hotel? There are 3 of those.
Yes, I would consider a star rating of 4. Can you pick one for me please?
huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
Ok and does that have free wifi?
Yes, the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] has free WiFi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
Okay, I booked it and your reference number is CEVX0OU3 . Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.
You are so welcome! You take care now, bye!


I need a train to cambridge. Get me one that arrives by [13:00]
There are over 500 results. Where are you leaving from? And what day?
I will be going to Ely on Thursday.
too many options to choose from, can you please help narrow them down?
i am leaving peterborough
Are you going to cambridge or ely? You've said both.
I am going to Cambridge and should arrive by 13:00. Can you book for 3 people leaving Wednesday from Peterborough? Also need information on [Clare College].
I still have 14 trains. Arriving at :09 and :38 every hour starting at 06:09 and the last is at 12:38. Which one do you want?
I'd like one that arrives by 13:00 on wednesday.
They all do. Which train would you like?
Well pick pick the one that leaves the latest but arrives by 13:00 and book for 3 people.
all set! Reference # is EH4ICTHP . Anything else today?
Yes, I need information on clare college.
clare college is a college located in the west
Can I also have the address and entrance fee?
Clare College is on Trinity Lane. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all for today.
great, have a good day!


I'm looking for a restaurant serving [sri lanken] food in the south.
Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that offer sri lankan food. Is there a different type of cuisine you want to try?
How about a [chinese] restaurant?
I have 3 chinese restaurants in the south. [The lucky star] is a favorite of mine.
That sounds good, can I get the address, phone number and price range please?
The phone is 01223244277and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to book a table now?
Could I get a price range for the restaurant first? Could I also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend?
I'm sorry, it's in the cheap price range. Nearby you have Cineworld Cinema, Nusha, Tenpin, Byard Art, The Place, The Junction, and two parks. Did you want to book that table?
I'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant. Can I get the attraction type and entrance fee?
[cineworld cinema] is a cinema, and there is no information available on the entrance fee. The phone number is, 00872208000 if you'd like to call them to find out.
Ok I need to get a taxi
What is your departure and arrival sites?
I'm going from the cinema to the restaurant. I want to leave the cinema by [16:30].
For how many people?
It will only be me.
Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is 07650851838. Can I help with anything else today?
That's going to be it, thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


Greetings, are there are any trains leaving bishops stortford.
there are many. Where would you like to travel to?
I would like to leave on thursday to cambridge.
I have 10 trains leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to leave after [16:30].
Train 0277 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes make a booking for 8 people and give reference number. Can you suggest places to go like museums in Cambridge?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3AWBI59X .
Great. Thanks. I'm also looking for a museum to check out. Can you help me with that?
Cambridge has 23 museums. What area of town would you like to go to one in?
Can you find one in the south please?
Certainly, the [Byard Art] is a museum in the south part of town. Their address is 14 king's parade. Would that work for you?
Can you tell em the postcode as well please?
It's cb21sj. Anything else you need assistance with?
That is all for today, you were very helpful.
Thank you so much! You have a wonderful day! Bye!


I am looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. Could you help me with this?
Certainly, there are 21 moderate restaurants to choose from in the centre. Are you in the mood for any particular type of food?
Yes, I would love to have some [New Zealand] cuisine if possible.
There are no restaurants that serve New Zealand food in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you want to try a different cuisine?
How about [british] food?
I recommend Cotto. Would you like a table there?
No thank you. Could I get the phone number and address please?
Of course. The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum to go to.
Did you want that museum to be in the center of town, as well?
That sounds good, thank you.
Ok, How about the [broughton house gallery]?
That could work. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and postcode as well?
Of course. There is no fee to enter. The address is 98 king Street, postcode cb11ln. Do you need any more info?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Goodbye!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.


Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after [08:45]? Thanks!
I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.
TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets. Please provide a reference number.
I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel [A and B guest house].
What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?
The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi! And the phone number is: 01223315702. The postcode is: cb12dp.


Hello, I'm looking for attractions in the west, can you help me out?
There are 13 attractions in the west area of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you would prefer?
I don't have a preference. Can you make a suggestion and provide the address?
Whale of a Time is a great entertainment venue. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Can I provide any additional information for them?
I'm also need a restaurant that serves [indian] food.
I have 22 that serve indian food. Is there an area or price range you prefer?
I'd like it to be an expensive place in the west, please.
I have 5 options here. I would like to suggest [tandoori palace]. Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Yes, there will be 8 of us on Thursday at [13:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJX7H5WZ . Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, that's all I needed!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!


I'm looking for places in the centre of town to go to.
We have 44 listings for the centre of town. Do prefer a particular attraction type?
I'm not really sure, can you tell me about some of them? And can you let me know their postcodes too please?
There is the Cambridge Punter which is boats and the poast code is cb41as and there is the vue cinema, postcode cb11ps. Do either work for you?
I am not sure at the moment but I will keep them both in mind. I also need to book a train leaving on Monday.
I would be happy to help with your request, but I will need more information first. What is your destination and day of travel?
I'm going from cambridge to bishops stortford Monday and need to arrive by [14:00].
We have several trains matching that criteria, do you have a departure time?
I don't mind departure time so much. But I would like to arrive as close to 14:00 as possible. So whatever departure time that is.
How many people will be travelling with you?
It'll only be me. Can I get the price, train ID, and departure time as well?
Train TR6110 leaves at 13:00 and arrives at 13:51. It is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be fine.
Okay, I have booked one ticket on TR6110, leaving at 13:00. The Reference number is I0AKM39A . Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed for today. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your trip!


i'm looking for the [cambridge arts theatre]
Good choice! Here is their address and postcode. 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj. Anything else I can help with?
What is their phone number and what side of town are they on?
They are located in the centre of town and their number is 01223503333. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called [royal spice]. Can you find it?
Royal Spice is an indian restaurant in the north. It is pretty cheap. It's located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Do you want a reservation?
book a table for 3 people at [15:30] on monday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YFFSHC02 . Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Great I have a reference number for you. It is YFFSHC02 .
Thank you! That's all I needed for today!
You're welcome, have a great day!
Goodbye. Take care.
Thank you. You too.


i want some [mexican] food.
The only listing for Mexican food is Chiquito Restaurant Bar. How else may I assist you?
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves [asian oriental] food? What is the phone number?
We have four Asian oriental restaurants in centre. What price range do you prefer?
I don't care.
[Dojo Noodle Bar] serves asian oriental food and is located in the centre of town. The price range is cheap.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471. Would you like any other information?
No, thank you, that's all I need. Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in when I visit next month.
Alright I've found quite a few. How about the acorn guest house?
Does it have 3 stars? I'd like my lodgings to be 3-star rated, please. I'm quite particular. I also will require free parking and Internet.
I would recommend [Bridge Guest House]. It is in the south and has 3 stars with free wifi and parking.
Could I book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Tuesday?
I'm sorry, but I was not able to book it. Would you like to try another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
Could we try 2 nights.
That was a success! Your reference number is G8JEZPDW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No,that is all thanks.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Oh sorry I still want to look for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn which leaves at [21:15] Thursday.
I have two, arrivals of 22:58 and 23:68. Shall I book them?
I don't need tickets right now, but can you tell me the train ID for the 22:58 train, please?
The train is TR3495. Will that be all today?
No, that is all, thank you again.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to stay that's moderately priced and has a three-star rating.
I have 4 results that match your request, what area are you looking to stay in?
I would prefer something in the north part of town.
I have the alpha-milton guesthouse and the [hamilton lodge]. Both moderately priced. Will you need internet?
It doesn't matter with internet. I need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on wednesday, is that possible at all?
No I am sorry no rooms available then, is there anything else I can assist you with? How about a hotel instead?
Could you try the booking for only four nights and see if it works?
Both are available for only 4 nights. The Hamilton Lodge has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
The Hamilton Lodge was unable to accommodate your request for 5 nights. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Could you try four nights?
Your are booked for 4 nights. Your reference number is YT12CF24 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place for us to dine, in the same area of town, please.
The Nirala and the Golden Wok are moderately priced dining options in the north.
Ok, thank you. Will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at [17:45] at the [Nirala] on Wednesday?
You are booked at the [Nirala] for Wednesday and you table for 6 is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is HEFMWBTN .
I will also need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant. Can you book that for me?
I've booked your taxi! A White Volkswagen will pick you up at the hotel to bring you to the restaurant by 17:45. The contact number is 07713150675.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.
Okay great, have a good day!


Can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves [turkish] food?
There are two restaurants: antolia and efes restaurant. Need a reservation?
Sure. I'd like a table for 2 at [antolia] on thursday at [13:45].
Here is your booking information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0TAI4M3W .
I am also looking for a moderate priced guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking
Thanks a lot welcome again


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called [michaelhouse cafe].
Michaelhouse Cafe is an expensive restaurant in the center of town. It serves european food and is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
I would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at [15:00] on monday.
Sure thing you're all set. Your reference number is 8P12NA4L . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel. I think it is called the [Cambridge belfry].
The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel in the west area. Do you want to book any rooms?
First can you give me the postcode, star rating, and a more specific price range?
The postcode is cb236bw and star rating is 4. I can only tell you that it is in the cheap price range.
Well thank you very much. I think that's all I need for now!
Absolutely. Enjoy your trip!


I need to find a cheap restaurant on the North side
There are 2 inexpensive restaurant in that part of town. An Indian restaurant called [Royal Spice] and an Italian place called Da Vinci Pizzeria.
Does either have availability for a table for 5 people on wednesday at [18:45]?
Yes, there is an available reservation at Royal Spice during that time frame. Do you want a reference number for your reservation?
No thank you that will be all
Okay, thank you.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [Polish] food.
There are no cheap restaurants that serve Polish food.
how about a [portuguese] one?
So you would like recommendations for a cheap restaurant that serves Portuguese food?
Yes, please.
There are two restaurants that serve Portuguese food and in the cheap price range. Would you like the center or south area?


I need a place to eat that serves [sea food].
I have only one option that is in the expensive price range and in the center of town. It is called [Loch Fyne]. Would that interest you?
That works. Then I'd to book for seven people at [11:00] on friday
Sounds Great! I will contact them about booking a reservation for seven people at 11:00 on Friday
Ok, could I get the reference number for that reservation please?
I'm very sorry there seems to be an error in our system. There are no results for a seafood restaurant. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like?
Could you try the same requirement for Wednesday?
I was able to book you for a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:00. The reference number is XBG9YHTB . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I also need a train to London Kings Cross, on Thursday.
The TR8272 to London Kings Cross on Thursday leaves at 05:00 and arrives and 05:51. The price is 23.60 pounds. Is that a good train for you?
As long as it is departing from Cambridge and arriving before [14:00], I am good with that train. I am needing to book for 7 people please.
I have you booked for 7 on TR8272. Your total fee is 165.2, payable at the station and your reference number is TMUT96XE . Can I further assist you?
no that's all thanks!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?
When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.
Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by [17:45]. Do you have something on that day?
TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.
I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference on location.
Want me to book [gonville hotel]?
That would be great, thanks. We'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from Sunday.
Done! Your reference number is GRWG727T . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.
You are welcome. The Cambridge TownInfo centre is always here for you. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay. Something moderately priced, with free wifi.
I like acorn guest house. Need a reservation?
Does the [Acorn Guest House] also offer free parking?
It does have free parking. Would you like to reserve a room?
yes would you reserve andd book it for me with a confirmation number ?
Yes certainly. For how many nights will you be staying and how many people will be staying and when do you wish to arrive?
I need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PSNFSRQI . anything else i can help you with?
Yes please. I need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves [swiss] food.
We don't have any such restaurants in the north. Do you want to search for something different?
Can we try for one that serves [Indian] food instead?
The [Nirala] is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north. Can I book you any tables?
Yes, book a table for 3 at [11:30] on the same day if you can.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1GD9Z858 .
Thanks for your help today.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre. Can you suggest something for me?
I'm sorry, I'm afraid that I can't. If you're open to exploring other parts of town there's [Funky Fun House] in the east, and several others as well.
What is the entry fee?
i'm not sure what the entrance fee is but i could give you their phone number
That would be great. Can you also give me the postcode?
Okay, the phone number is 01223304705 and the post code is cb58hy. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you give me information on [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]?
It is an expensive hotel located in the east side of town with a 2-star rating. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll be arriving on Saturday with my lady friend and staying 2 nights.
Booking was successful your reference number is 1BUWNWOF . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Nope. That is all I needed. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Great, we have a number of restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular type of food?
No, thank you! I am looking for a train that departs on Monday, though. Can you please help me with that?
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day do you need to travel?
I want to leave from Cambridge traveling to Norwich, arriving by [18:30].
TR8504 will leave at 16:36 and arrive by 17:55. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yes I am looking for a particular restaurant called [Shanghai Family Restaurant].
Okay shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
What's the food type?
The shanghai family restaurant serves chinese food. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
No, that is all the information i need. Thank you.
ok, have a great day!


i need a place to go which is the type of a college.
Is there a certain area you're interested in? If that doesn't matter, I recommend [Clare College] in the west.
Sure, can you give me the address for that? You said it is in the west, right?
That's right Clare College in the west part of town. The address is just trinity lane. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse in the northern area of town?
Is there a price range you prefer?
I would like it to be expensive please
There are no hotels that match that criteria. Are you interested in a different price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?
I have several that match that criteria, do you care about parking or wifi?
I'd prefer it to have wifi, parking it doesn't really matter.
How does the [Acorn Guesthouse] sound. It is moderately priced and has free wifi.
Sounds great, Can you book it on Sunday for 2 nights for 2 people?
I was able to book the room, the reference number is MQGFE5F1 . Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I would also like to book a taxi from the college to the guesthouse. Can you help with that?
I sure can! I'll just need to know a time that you either want to arrive at the hotel by or leave the college by.
I want to leave the college by [21:15] please.
I have booked you with a yellow honda taxi. The number to contact is 07912722753. .
Great!! Thank you for all your help.
Your welcome! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.


Yes, I need to take a train from Kings Lynn on monday, can you help me?
We have 19 trains going that route monday the first departure is at 05:11AM and going hourly from there, what time did you have in mind?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [16:00]. What are my options?
There are two that arrive closest to your requested time; TR2257 arrives by 14:58 and TR1863 arrives by 15:58. Would either of those work best for you?
Can I have the price, travel time, and departure time for the TR1863, please?
The price for this train is 9.80 pounds.The departure time is at 15:11 and the trip is a total of 47 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for [Peking Restaurant].
Peking restaurant is expensive chinese food in the south area. The address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at [20:30] on the same day?
Your table has been booked for 4 people on Monday. Reference number is Z7TQCT8F . Is there anything i can help you with today?
That will be all. Thank you.
I hope you have a good stay in town. Please feel free to call back with any questions. Goodbye.


I am looking for a pricey place to stay. Please help me if you can.
I have several options what area do you want to stay in?
I want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star hotel that also has free wifi. Do you have any suggestions?
The [lensfield hotel] fits your needs, would you like info or a booking?
Can you please book it for me?
Sure, but I'll need some additional information. How many days shall I book for? When would you like to check in?
I want to book it for 4 nights on a Thursday for 7 people. Can I have the reference number?
Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 2AGDQCL1 . is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine near the hotel.
Sure thing what kind of food are you wanting?
I'd like an [indian] restaurant in the expensive range in the south please.
[Taj tandoori] fits all your criteria. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. It'll be for the same seven people at [12:45] on the same day.
Your booking for the restaurant was successful. Your reference number is LOM2SXEF . It is on the same day. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Okay, I've reserved your taxi, a red toyota that will pick you up at the hotel. Please call 07100946060 to confirm pick up time.
thanks. i didnt realize the time. i need to go. but thanks for everything. bye.
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. Where would you recommend?
Several good choices come to mind, what part of town are you looking to stay in?
any part but should have free parking and moderately priced. should also be a star of 4
I have 9 entries, all of them are guesthouses. Is that acceptable?
Do you have any thing that is not a guesthouse in other areas?
No I am sorry all that are available are guesthouses
Yes. Monday, two nights three people.
I'm sorry but there are no hotels available with those specifications. Would you like to look in a different area?
Do you have any of the guesthouses in the centre?
No, sorry I don't. Would you like to try a different area?
It doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! I'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 4 stars, and in the moderate price.
The Acorn Guest House matches the criteria you are looking for. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please. There's 3 of us and we want to check in on Monday and stay for just 2 nights
Would you like me to book it for you ?


Well, I have been in an accident and need some help.
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
Do you have the location of the police department?
The Parkside Police station phone number is 01223358966. The police station is located in Cambridge, post code CB11JG. Would you like some help to get to the police station?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
welcome. at your service next time
Okay goodbye. I'm done now.
Take care and call us back if you need anything else.


Yes, I'm trying to plan a trip to Cambridge. Can you please tell me about things to do in town?
There are many things to do in town. Is there a particular area or type of attraction you are looking for?
Yes, I'd like to find something to do in the centre of town.
The Scott Polar Museum in on lensfield road and has free admission. Does that interest you?
sound great. also looking for a place to stay near there.
There are several hotel and guesthouse options at different price levels in the centre area. Is there any type in particular you're interested in?
I'm specifically looking for a hotel please.
[Cityroomz] offers moderately priced lodgings in the centre of town. Would you like a room?
That's fine. I need it for 2 nights starting from Saturday.
I would be happy to make that booking for you. For how many people?
Just me - I'm traveling solo.
I completely understand. I just booked the room for you. Your reference number is HGK7QE34 . Is there anything else I can help you with?


I would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. Can you help me?
There are many options in this price range.
Are any of the options guesthouses with 4 stars?
There are 9 in the area. I recommend the [Warkworth house].
Can you book that one for 4 nights starting on Wednesday?
I can do that, but first, can you confirm how many guests will be staying?
Yes there will be one guest. I will need the hotel reference number. I also need a train that arrives by 20:30 and leaves on sunday
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is 5JGRH1VH .
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday. I need to arrive at or just before [20:30].
What time do you need to depart?
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 20:30
What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by [17:00].
I have train TR5473 leaving at 17:06 and arriving at 17:56.
Great, that will work for me. I need 1 ticket please and the reference number.
The booking was successful the reference number is H6XOK6U4 . The fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
thank you for using our service. goodbye.


I want to find a cheap [Italian] restaurant. Can you help me out?
sure i have 5 options for you
Okay, pick one for me please. It should be in the west.
Okay, that leaves one option, and that's the [La Margherita]. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for 1 on Sunday at [19:30] please?
Your table is booked, reference #YTAMNAAO . Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. Not at this time.
You are welcome. If I can be of any other assistance, don't hesitate to ask.
Hold on. I also need a hotel. Can you help? Something in the same price range and area as the restaurant.
I found The Cambridge Belfry, would you like me to book it for you?
How many stars is it and can you give me the phone number?
the cambridge belfry has 4 stars and you can call them at 01954714600
Perfect, thanks so much for your help today, that's everything I needed.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for information on the [leverton house] hotel
Leverton house is a guesthouse located in the east area. It's a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range. They offer internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223292094
Thank you for your help. That's all I need.
So glad I could help. Have a lovely day!


Hi, I need a hotel with wifi, please.
[Huntingdon marriott hotel] has a high rating and wifi
What is the price range for this hotel?
There are two moderate and three expensive price ranges.Which range do you prefer ?


Hi. Could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves [Catalan] food?
Unfortunately, I don't show anything available meeting those requirements. Can I try a different price range or type of cuisine for you?
How about something in the centre of town
I was able to find bedouin in the centre of town in the expensive price range.
The [Bedouin] serves Catalan cuisine?
The Bedouin serves African food.
Oh okay. I must have been mistaken. Let's try something that has [italian], is expensive and in the centre of town.
How does [don pasquale pizzeria] sound to you?
Sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at [14:00] on Wednesday, and I'll need a reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CORC123E .
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Be sure to call us again if you need anything.


I'd like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town. Can you help me find one?
I would be happy to help you. There are several restaurants located in the west part of town. Would you prefer a expensive, moderate or cheap restaurant?
Moderately priced.
There is a very tasty Indian restaurant in the moderate range. It is called [Meghna]. Would you like their information?
yes please give me the phone number and address of it .
Meghna is located on the west side of town at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410. Is there any other information you needed?
No, thank you goodbye
Your welcome, goodbye.
Bye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye,


I'm going to be in town and am looking to book my departing train out of Cambridge. Can you let me know the times of trains on Sunday?
What is your destination?
Stansted Airport I need to be there by [13:15].
I have train TR5985 arriving at 13:08 is that okay?
That would be great - can you give me the price and departure time?
The departure time is 12:40. Do you just need 1 ticket booked?
No I still need the price.
The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like to me book a seat?
No, I'll do that tomorrow. Could you help me with some places I could visit in the town centre?
We have many attractions in the town centre. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
I just want somewhere to spend some quality time with family. Do you have a recommendation?
Yeah, I would suggest the old schools.
Which one would you suggest?
i said [old school]. its entrance is free.
Can I have the postcode?
You got it. The postcode for old schools is cb21tt
Thank you that is all I needed.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre regarding trains and attractions. Goodbye.


I need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town
We have British, Indian or Italian to choose from in that category. Do you have a preference?
No, I do not have a preference.
I'd recommend the [Prezzo]. It's an [Italian] restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, we would like a reservation for Wednesday.
Can you tell me how many guests and what time you would like the reservation for?
For 3 people, at [11:30] please.
I've reserved a table for three at 11:30 on Wednesday. Your reference number is HJKOKG94 . Is there anything else I can help you find in the area?
I'm looking for information on [worth house].
Worth House is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town. They're located at 152 Chesterton Road, cb41da.
I want to book Worth House for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UOVCEW8B .
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the hotel.
What time do you need to be picked up and from where?
I'd like it to go from the Worth House to the Prezzo. It can pick me up any time, as long as it arrives by the booked time.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white lexus Contact number : 07055220533
I think that is all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you. You do the same!


Hi there. I would like to find a train to Cambridge for Thursday.
Sure. I found many listings. Where would you be departing from? What time do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I will be departing from birmingham new street. I don't really care about what time it leaves but I have to get there by [21:30].
Train TR6105 will arrive in Cambridge by 12:23. It costs 75.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No thank you. I think that was all the information I needed.
Will you need anything else at the moment then?
I would also like to find out about any mutliple sports attractions you might have in the centre of town.
I'm afraid we don't have anything like that. If you're willing to go to the east side there is the [Cherry Hinton Village Centre]. Or maybe something else?
What is the price for that?
I do not have the entrance fee listed, but if you are interested in going there, you could call them at 01223576412 to determine their pricing.
Do you have a college attraction in the centre of town?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. [christ's college] is in the centre of town and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, can you tell me their postcode?
There postal code is cb23bu. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that should be all, thank you.
I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what type of information?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre.
There are a lot of options, what types of places did you have in mind?
I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town
There are several but I would recommend [Castle Galleries].
What is the entrance fee?
They offer free entrance. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to get a train on thursday departing cambridge.
Where will you go?
Oops, before we move on to the train, I forgot to ask - what is the address and postcode for Castle Galleries?
They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, postcode cb23bj.
Thank you. I also need a train for thursday.
I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to leave on Thursday and depart from Cambridge. Arriving by [9:45] in Leicester.
Booking was successful, train ID TR5903 the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UQ3WNX7B .
find me the departure time please
it will leave at 05:21.
Okay. Thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help.
I am glad I can help enjoy !
Have a great day.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


Hi, I need help finding Addenbrookes Hospital. Can you give me some information please?
Of course, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge postcode CB20QQ
What is the phone number?
Their main phone number is 01223245151. If you need a direct phone number for a specific department I can provide that for you.
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge. Can you recommend a place on the east side?
How about the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
does it have free wifi and parking?
Yes. The Express by Holiday Inn has both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Could you please provide me the phone number of the hotel?
Yes. The phone number is 01223866800. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train on Saturday.
There are many trains available. Where is your departure and destination?
From cambridge to norwich.
We have 19 options available to you. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you prefer?
I need to leave after [8:15], please. I also need the travel time for that
TR1062 leaves at 8:36 and the ride would last 79 minutes. Should I book that one for you?
No, I think I can do that myself. Thank you for all your help today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You too, thanks!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs?


Am looking for a train,it should depart from cambridge and should go to ely
the train id is TR1709 and it leaves on friday
I need to travel on wednesday and get there by [17:15].
TrainID TR6745 leaves Cambridge at 15:50 and arrives at Ely at 16:07. It's the last Wednesday train.
Can you give me the price?
That train costs 4.40 pounds.
Alright. I'll take it! That train will be perfect.
Ok, how many seats would you like to book?
Oh, I don't need to book now. I just need the information for reference. Thank you. Goodbye.
You are very welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town. Can you suggest some things?
Sure, I can help you with that. Is there a specific kind of attraction or part of town you were interested in going to?
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town please.
There are several colleges in the centre of town, I recommend [corpus christi] it does cost 2 pounds to visit but it is beautiful.
What is the address for that?
Corpus Christi College is located at King's Parade, postcode is cb21rh. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant someone recommended. It's called [la raza]? Do you have any information on that?
It is located in the centre of town,serves spanish food and is on the cheap price range.
Do you have the postcode for that?
The postcode for la raza is cb2311. May I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need for now thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting us today. Have a nice day.


Can you help me find a [british] restaurant in the centre?
There are 7 moderate and expensive restaurants in the centre; do you have a price range you prefer?
Anything is fine. I need a reservation for 2 at [11:15] on Monday.
The reservation at [The Copper Kettle] on Monday at 11:15 for 2 people was successful. Your Reference number is : PLRLM5II .
Thank you so much for your help.
Glad to be of assistance. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you please give me some information about [downing college]?
that is located at the centre
Yes, can you tell me how much is the entrance fee?
Downing College has a free entrance fee.
Sweet, I will head there now. Thank you that is all I need, you have rocked my world.
Any time more than happy to help.
No, that's all I needed. thanks again.
No problem! Enjoy yourself.


I would like to visit something like a museum, no specific part of town.
There are 23 museums in town, would you perhaps be interested in the Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds great. Can I please have the phone number?
Yes, their number is 01223314960. Do you need directions, a taxi, or something else?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse, prefer with a 4 star rating.
There are 18 four star guesthouses listed, what area of town are you interested in?
If you could just pick one, it does not have to have free parking. Maybe close to the Broughton House Gallery.
How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is 4 stars and in the same part of town as the gallery.
That sounds great! Could I get the area and phone number of the Bed and Breakfast?
Ok, it is in the east part of town the post code is cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope that'll be it. Thanks.
Have a Great Day!


I need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.
I've found 5 hotels. How about El Shaddai?
Sorry, I should mention that I'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. Would the [El Shaddai] still be appropriate?
Yes it is. Would you like more information or help booking a stay?
Yes. Please book a stay for 7 people. We need to stay 3 nights, starting on Thursday.
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try and book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Can I try to book for 1 night then?
I was able to book that for one night. Your reference number is TIYZB85M . Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant [Saffron Brasserie] from the hotel?
Would you like for me to book you a taxi that will pick you up from the hotel and take you to the restaurant
No thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at [15:15] on Thursday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is UE2PF54A .
On second thought, I do want to book a taxi to [Saffron Brasserie] in time for my table. Can you provide the contact number and car type?
Sure. The taxi will be a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07810050252. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you!
Have a wonderful day!


Hello there. I am trying to locate a train for Monday.
Sure. Where will you be going?
I am going to Cambridge.
All right, and where would you like to depart from?
I'll will be leaving from London Liverpool Street.
I've got 10 trains that are on that route. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I need on that will leave London after [21:00].
I have two trains that will leave after 21:00. One leaves at 21:39 and one leaves at 23:39. Which would you prefer?
What time does the one that leaves at 21:39 arrive in Cambridge? Also, what is the train ID?
The train ID is TR5906 and it arrives by 23:07 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book that one for you?
No I don't need to book it right now. Thanks for the information.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thanks though. Goodbye.
Let me know if you do need any more help. Good bye.


Can you help me out with a taxi booking?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to leave after [18:15].
Okay, no problem at all. What are your pickup and dropoff locations?
I need to be dropped off at [bridge guest house].
And where will you be picked up from?
I need to be picked up from [The Cambridge Corn Exchange].
Your taxi has been booked. Look for a blue Toyota. The contact number is 07852954476. Anything else?
No that's all thank you Goodbye
You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.


I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge after [20:45].
Many trains leave Cambridge around 20:45, what is the destination?
I need to get to london liverpool street.
I have several options for you, and the price and exact departure time varies by day of the week. Do you have a day preference?
I would like to leave on Thursday
Train TR3695 leaves [21:59] and arrives on [23:27]. Would you like to book it?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


I want a restaurant in the north part of town.
The City Stop restaurant is in the north part of town. The Golden Wok is also located in the north part of town.
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced.
[Golden Wok] is located in the north part of town, and is moderately priced.
What is their address and phone number?
The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after [14:00].
There are hundreds of those! What day are you traveling and what's your destination station?
I need to leave from Kings Cross on a Saturday please.
Sure, Are you leaving, or going to london kings cross?
I am going to London.
Okay, I'd recommended TR6203 leaving at 15:00 and arriving at 15:51, total duration 51 minutes. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you very much that's all I needed!
You're very welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye!


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking.
I show 21 responses. May I have the location you are interested in? Also a price range would help refine our search
I would like to stay in the Centre in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?
Im sorry. The area and price range do not matter. I need a 3 star guesthouse with free wifi please.
I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?


Hey there, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Saturday
sure, what are your travel times?
I will be leaving after [20:45].
There are 35 trains that match your request. To better help you, I'll need to know where you'll be departing from and what time you want to arrive by.
Oh sillly me! I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford. Doesn't matter what time I arrive, just can't leave until 20:45
Okay I have a train that departs at 21:29. Shall I book it for you?
book for 5 people and get me reference number
Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is ML7ZBHM1 . Your total fee is 40.4 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Great I'm also looking for an attraction called [kings hedges learner pool].
Yes the pool is located i the north and their phone number is 01223353248 and their address is Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Is there an entrance fee?
I do not have that information, unfortunately. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, I think you've covered everything. Thank you so much for all your information.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye


Hi, I'd like to book a taxi. Could you help me find a reasonable price?
I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and on what day?
I'm sorry, I would actually like a restaurant in the centre that serves [Afghan] food.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants in the centre that serve Afghan food. Would you like to look for one in other areas?
How about a [Chinese] restaurant?
There's ten chinese restaurants in the centre. Do you have a particular price range you'd like to stay in?
A cheap price range.
There are three restaurants that meet your requirements: Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Does any of those sound interesting?
May I have the address for the [Charlie Chan] restaurant?
Yes, it's Regent Street City Centre, would you like to book it?
Yes, can you please book a table for four at [4pm].
I'd be happy to reserve your table for you. What day will the reservation be for?
Can you book me for Tuesday please?
Charlie chan is booked for tuesday at 4pm
Great, I am also looking for a train from Stevenage into Cambridge.
TR8306 leaves at 05:54
Do you have a train that leaves after [09:00] by chance?
TR2860 leaves at 09:54. Would you like to book your seats?
Not at this moment. Can you tell me the travel and arrival time?
The arrival time is 10:43 and the duration would be 49 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!
You are most welcome, have a nice day.


Im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please.
I am happy to help you with that. We have many options that offer free parking and wifi. Are you looking for a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the guesthouse style.
There are 16 matching options. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like a recommendation from the current search?
I definitely want the four star in a guesthouse style, not a hotel. Would you check again, please.
We offer 16 such places. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning Saturday
Booked at [alexander bed and breakfast]. Reference number: 80R46AWL .
Thank you so much for your help
No problem. Do you need anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Great! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.
Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after [08:00].
I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.
I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : E770Z8W7 .
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side
Yes, [Hobson's House] matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 4
It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.
How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.
I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.


I need a cheap four star room.
There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel meeting your needs. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need it to include free parking.
All 8 have free parking. If you're looking for a guesthouse, might I suggest alexander bed and breakfast?
Do all 8 places have the internet?
Yes, they sure do. Do you prefer a hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you suggest one for me? I need the hotel type, phone number, and whether it has internet or not.
Sure, the Allenbell is a guesthouse with free internet. The phone number is 01223210353. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need a train on saturday that departs from cambridge.
What is your destination?
I'm heading to Leicester. I need to get there by [21:00].
We have 15 trains going to leicester from cambridge arriving by 21:00. Was there a certain time you wanted to leave at?
If I could get the train that arrives closest to 21:00 please.
I recommend train TR6034. The cost is 30.24 pounds and it will get you there by 20:06. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great if you could book train TR6034 for me. Thank you.
Booking for TR6034 was successful for one person. Your total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is A1E9MYGC .
That is all I need, thank you.
Thank you and have a great day.


Hi, I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?
Yes I have several Chinese and Asian restaurants. Do any of these interest you?
Yes. I would like to book a reservation for 3 at [16:45] on Saturday.
OK, I was able to get you a table at [Dojo Noodle Bar]. The reference number is T5AAEPL9 and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is that good?
Yes thank you.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you.
Glad that I could help. Enjoy your visit. Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else. Goodbye.


What hospitals are located in town?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode please?
Sure! The phone number is 01223245151, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, and the post code is CB20QQ.
Thanks that's all I need for now!
You're welcome. I hope everything is okay!


Hi, I am interested in finding a place to dine on the west side of town.
I have found results for 14 restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine or price range?
I'd like it to be expensive [british] food. Any suggestions?
The Graffitti and the [Travellers Rest] both match your criteria. Would you like to book at table at one of these?
Yes, a table for 8 people on saturday at [18:15]. Please provide a reference number, thank you!
You'll find a table waiting for your party at the Travellers' Rest. Your reference number is 00SSYQH4 .
Thanks! I'm also looking to visit a museum in town.
I have many. What part of town and type of museum do you prefer?
I do not care about what type of museum or where it is at. What is your recommendation?
Broughton House Gallery. Phone number is 01223314960. Located at 98 king street postal code cb11In. Entrance fee is free.
Thank you so much for choosing for me - really took the stress out of this trip! I think that's all I need.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?
I have 9 restaurants in the west that are upscale. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There is british, european, indian and thai to choose from.
How about some [Thai] food?
[Sala Thong] is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. Can reserve for 6 people at [15:00] on Wednesday?
So sorry, that was unsuccessful. Would another day or time work?
Could we try for [14:00] instead?
Congratulations! That was successful Your reference number is OP06YQUU .
Alright, awesome! Could you also try to find a specific college I'm looking for? It's called [Saint John's College].
[Saint John's College] is a College located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338600. Do you need any other information?
Can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by [14:00]? Please include the contact number and car type.
I'm happy to say I've successfully completed your booking! The vehicle will be a blue Tesla. Their contact number is 07945015073. How else may I assist you?
I want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. Can you confirm?
Yes that it correct.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm hoping to book a train.
Where and when are you departing from?
I'm going to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday. Thank you.
great, what is your preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by [20:15].
The first train leaves at 5:50.
Do you have something that leaves later but still makes the arrival time?
There's a train that arrives at 20:07. If you don't want to cut it that close, there's an earlier train that arrives at 18:07.
Give me the arrival time and train ID of the earlier train. Also find me a cheap restaurant that serves [north american] food if available or [Indian] food.
The arrival time of the TR5389 is 18:07. There are four restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, any you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for the same day, at [15:30], and it will just be me.
I booked you a table at kohinoor! Here is your reference number ZTGXVBXU . Anything else I can do for you?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Have a good day as well. Bye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Do you want to stay in a certain area?
No,I am actually looking for information about trains going from Cambridge to Norwich on Sunday.
There are 19 trains available on that day. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Arrive by [11:30].
I'd recommend TR4969. It arrives by 10:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book 3 tickets.
I have booked 3 tickets on TR4969. Your reference number is MPL4USAC and the total fee is 42.24, payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great I'm also looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range with free parking.
What area of town could you like the hotel to be located?
I would lkle to stay In the north please.
There are none with that criteria in the North. Shall I change or try another area?
Could you try a cheap one then?
I have 2 guesthouses, when are you planning your stay, I am sorry
I need a cheap guesthouse in the north. I'm looking for information not reservations.
Ok great. There are two places available. I highly suggest the Worth House. What information do you need?
Could you tel me the star of the hotel?
It is a 4 star hotel.
great, thank you for your help. goodbye
Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives by [17:45].
Where will you be going?
Going to london liverpool street from cambridge. I need to arrive by 17:45.
What do and time and do want to leave?
I would like to arrive by 17:45
TR5154 LEAVES AT 05: 59 SHOULD I BOOK IT FOR YOU?
How long is the trip on the TR5154?
Each train on that route makes the run in 88 minutes.
Excellent. I need to a nightclub in the centre as well.
Sure, there's club salsa in the centre, their phone number is 07782218745 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Great. Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.
Great! Should you need anything else, please let us know.


I'd like some information on places to go in town. I'd like to go to a museum with free admission. Can you make a suggestion? Please provide phone number.
I have 23 museums to choose from and most have a free entrance. Can you narrow down where you want to go?
I don't really have a preference. Are there any art museums?
Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum located in the centre area of town. Their number is 01223324222. Do you need anymore information?
Yes. I need a place to stay with free wifi
Yes well what price range are you looking for and what area of town do you wish to stay in?
it should be in the expensive price range. free parking and should have a star of 4
In that case, you absolutely want to stay at the [University Arms Hotel]. It is in the Centre area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No just give me the address please.
Yes the address is Regent Street.
Thank you. That is all i needed.
Great. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for some [romanian] food around here.
I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants available.
Ok, let's try to find an [asian oriental] restaurant.
I have five. Is there an area you prefer?
I need a cheap price range.
I would rcommed the j restaurant, would you like me to book you?
Yes I need a reservation for 6 people at [17:30] on a Saturday.
Great, I will book that for you now.
I need a confirmation number too thank you
The reservation number is RFD4W3BO . Anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train I'd like the train to arrive by [14:15] and to be here on Saturday.
Okay and where are you departing from?
I need to depart Leicaster and arrive in cambridge 14:15 on saturday. I'll just need the travel, no booking.
There is a train that departs at 9:09 from Leicester on Saturday at arrives at 10:54 the same day in Cambridge. Is this good?
Yes. Can I get the travel time?
The travel time is 105 minutes.
Thanks! I guess that's all I need. Have a good one. Bye.
You're welcome, just let us know if you need anything else!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
There is five restaurants to your request.
I would like [Italian] food.
[Frankie and Bennys] serves Italian food in the south part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is their phone number and where are they located at?
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [British] food in the expensive price range.
Okay how about the Travellers Rest on the west side?
No. I need something in the centre.
[Fitzbillies Restaurant] is very good. Do you need a table?
Yes, please book for 6 people at [11:00] on Tuesday. Can I get a reference number?
Yes I will get a confirm number for you


Can you help me find a train leaving by [10:30] going to stansted airport?
What day do you perfre to leave ?
I prefer to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.
I only have a 10:40 on Saturday. Is that going to work for you?
It will arrive by 10:40 or will leave then? I need to arrive by [10:30].
Yes I am sorry this is the only option I have.
Okay we will be late. I need tickets for 8 people.
This train would have you arriving at 11:08 and is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
If it is the only thing you have than I suppose I have no other choice, so yes. Can I get the reference number as well?
i'm sorry, someone entered the incorrect info. i can actually get you there by 10:08 on the TR2755 train.
Yes could you please book this train for me and send me the reference number.
You are booked, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CPRIO59Y, can I help with anything else?
Yes, help find a place to go in the south part? Say, boating?
Unfortunately there aren't any boating places in the south part of town? Would you like to try another area?
Any area would be fine.
There are two boat options in the centre, and one each in the north and east. What would your preference be?
Tell me about other entertaiment in the south
I have two listings for entertainment, nusha and tenpin.
I have heard nice things about [Tenpin]. Can I please have their address?
Sure! They are at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY. Can I help you with anything else?
maybe the address to the park
I'm sorry. To which park are you referring?
Sorry, I had a lot of background noise and didn't hear the address for Tenpin. Thank you for your understanding.
Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY.
Thanks very much for your help today.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, I hope you have a wonderful visit!


I need a taxi, please. I need to arrive no later than [10:00], and I'm leaving from [cambridge lodge restaurant].
May I ask your destination?
I'm going to [cambridge book and print gallery].
You are booked for a black skoda with the contact number 07448493514.
Thank you so very much. I am now finished.
okay. Have fun!


Is there a hospital in Cambridge that has a [plastic and vascular surgery] department?
Addenbrookes Hospital has the department you you are looking for. Would you like me to book an appointment for you?
Could you send their phone number please?
Yes, their number is 01223274280.
Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Can I help you find a taxi?
No thank you, this will do for now. Thank you for helping me!
Thank you for using this system!


Hi. I'm looking for something to do. Are there any entertainment attractions in the South part of town?
There is a cinema, museum, park, theatre and nightclub. Would you like information for any of these?
Could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?
[Byard Art] is a museum that has free admission. The address is 14 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
Thank you. I am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. It does not need internet. Can you help with that?
There are a total of 5 different places to stay that are expensive. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No, and it also does not need free parking.
[Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] and University Arms Hotel are both 4-star rated hotels. Would you prefer the West or the Center area of town?
I will stay in the west area of town.
Ok, I will contact the Mariott and get you all set up.
Okay, I will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from Sunday.
Your booking has been completed! Here is your reference number VJUBQ1YN . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to take me between the Marriot and the museum.
I will need a departure time or an arrival time between the two locations.
Oh, sorry! I would like to leave the museum by [11:15].
You are all set for 11:15, the car will be a white audi and they can be reached at 07467849660
Thank you for all your help. I am all set now.
Ok, it was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I need to book a train for [18:45] that leaves Cambridge.
What is your final destination?
Norwich is my final destination.
Do you have a day in mind?
I will be traveling on Friday.
I have a train that leaves on Friday at 19:36 and arrives in norwich at 20:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I wasn't very clear before. I apologize. I need to arrive in Cambridge by [18:45].
TR4990 departs Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35. Will that work for you?
Yes, I think it will. How long is the trip and how much will it cost me?
How many tickets will you need?
just the one
Okay, you're booked with reference number 3LOQWXPK . Trip duration is 79 minutes, and the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. Should be in the west and preferably in the expensive range.
I can look that up for you. Do you desire a particular type of restaurant?
[Steakhouse] please.
Unfortunately there are no steakhouses any where in the city at any price point. Do you have another type of food to search for?
Yes, could you see if there is one that serves [british] food instead?
I would recommend Travellers Rest. It is on the west side and it is expensive.
Could I please have the address and postal code?
The zip code is cb30df, while the address is Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was it thank you very much.
You're welcome, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thanks, you to. Good bye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.


Where is Addenbrookes Hospital located?
Which department did you need?
Just the general information.
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need the telephone number for a department or other service?
I'd like the phone number and postcode, please.
THe main number of the hospital is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ. May i help with something else?
No thanks, you were very helpful, have a nice day.
Your welcome, have a great day. Goodbye.


can i get a hospital nearby which has a [haematology] day unit department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge and has a haematology department. Do you need the phone number?
I need a phone number, postcode, and address
The address is Hills Road in Cambridge, CB20QQ. The phone number for haematology is 01223274679. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you
Here's the main hospital number as a backup: 01223245151. Do you have everything you need?
Yes, that's it. Good bye.
Thank you, Goodbye


My friends told me to look into a restaurant called [The Gandhi], could you please give me some information on it?
the gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223353942
Thank you. And about how much is dinner there?
The Ghandi is considered an inexpensive restaurant. Would to see about booking a table?
Not at the moment, but I need some info on [cherry hinton water play].
Cherry hinton water play is a park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postcode cb18dw. Would you also like the phone number?
No, that is all the information I need at this time. Thank you.
Have a nice day!


I'm looking for the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel].
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on Kingfisher Way near the Hinchinbrook Business Park. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes for one guest, for nights starting with Tuesday.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how many nights you want to stay. Did you mean to say four nights?
No sorry I meant 2 nights.
Ok I've booked that for you with reference number SDMC5SZK . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum near the centre.
There are several, may I suggest [Castle Galleries]. And there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can you give me the phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223307402. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. I want to leave the hotel by [19:00]. Book it please and give me the contact number and car type
A grey skoda will pick you up at the hotel by 19:00 to take you to the Castle Galleries. Your contact number is 07375156908. Will there be anything else today? : 07375156908
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I'm looking for something to do tonight. Maybe the theatre?
There are 5 theatres, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south. There are no fees listed, would you like information on any of these?
Can you give me any one in the centre, and give me phone number and postcode?
you can try [adc theatre], phone number is 01223300085 and postcode cb58as
That is great can you also find me a hotel with a 0 star in the same area as the theatre
I have two choices for you. Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking but need wifi while in the hotel.
Let me look for a hotel with wifi.
OK thank you, I would like the room for Thursday.
I have two options with internet do you have a price reference?
I don't have a preference, please just pick one.
We can try [El Shaddai]. How many nights will you be staying, and with how many people?
Three, nights and three people, from Thursday on.
I was able to book you a room for 3 for 3 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is MHTJJN91 .
Fantastic, I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations, please.
Do you know what time you want to leave by?
I need to leave the hotel by [23:30]. Can you please give me the contact number and car type for the taxi?
Sure, I have found you a white Tesla. Their contact number is 07150153206. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you
It has been my pleasure! Goodbye!


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town.
Is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town?
Yes, there is an expensive French restaurant called [restaurant two two] .
What is the phone number of that one please?
the phone number of it is 01223 351880.
What is the phone number?
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. How else may I assist you?
That is all. Thank you.
My pleasure. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high [Chinese] food and is more expensive than it's competitors.
I have some here can I get what area you would like to eat in?
I don't have a preference on the area. Can you make a suggestion?
How about the [Ugly Duckling] that is located in the city center?
That sounds fine, can you book a table for 3 at [11:45] on Wednesday please?
You are booked for Weds at the ugly duckling refs number is U1BCCKQX
Can I get the phone also please?
They is no phone information given, can I help with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town.
There are lots of attractions in the east! Do you have a preference for type?
I will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.
Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. For the taxi, I will need more information on either departure or arrival time
What is [cambridge artworks] address?
the address is 5 greens road.
And can you give me the postcode?
Certainly, the postcode is cb13ef. Are you still wanting to reserve a taxi?
Yes I still need a taxi please.
OK, and what time would you like that taxi?
well to commute between places.
A red honda will be picking you up in time for your reservation, the contact number is 07278810684, anything else today?
That takes care of my needs. Thank you, bye!
Glad I could help. Enjoy your trip!


I am hurt and need to find the nearest hospital. Can you help me?
I am so sorry! Addenbrookes Hospital on Hill Road in Cambridge is nearby. Do you need information for a particular department in the hospital?
I need the address including the postcode and the phone number, please! Quickly!
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. The postcode is CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all, bye.
Thank you and have a great day!


Hi, I'd like to find a cheap [italian] restaurant, please.
There are five cheap italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you prefer?
I prefer the north area of town.
Great, there is a cheap Italian place in the north part of town called [Da Vinci Pizzeria]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please make one for 7 people at [17:45] on Thursday.
I have your table reserved at the requested day and time. It will be held 15 minutes for you. The reference number is: UB24W3TP .
Sounds good. Could you also help me find a cinema in the same area?
I'm sorry. There are no cinemas in that part of town. Would you like to try a different type of attraction?
Darn! I really wanted to go to the cinema. Is there a park located in that area?
Yes, there is [Milton Country Park] in the north. It is free to enter.
Can I get their address please?
Absolutely. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Is there anything more I can help you with?
what is the entrance fee?
Their fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like a taxi. I'd like to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, please.
I have booked your ride, it's a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07623087287.
Thank you, you've been very helpful! That's all I'll need today!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I am looking a restaurant in the Centre Cambridge area that serve [gastropub] food.
I have 3 in the centre of town,what price range please?
Moderate price range.
The [Nil] moderately priced restaurant is in the centre and serves gastropub food. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can you make if for a party of 6 on Tuesday at [15:30]?
Yes, I can make the reservation would you like their address?
I can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. Nil is such a creative name for a restaurant!
Yes, it most certainly is. The booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. The booking number is CXFENRLZ . Anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a place to stay, moderately price, centre area, doesn't matter whether or not it has wifi.
I have one result for you. It is [cityroomz], a 0 star hotel. Do you want to book this?
Oh yessiree, tuesday 6 people and 5 nights please
I am unable to make a booking for that right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does actually.
Can you book for 2 nights>
Your room is reserved under ref# XP513560 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant and hotel.
When would you like to arrive by.
I want to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.
I have booked you a car. It's a blue Skoda, and the contact number is 07324436761.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Great, I'm glad I could help! Bye!


I want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with [Spanish] food.
[la tasca] would fit the bill. its phone number is 01223 464630 .
Can you tell me what area of town it is located?
La tasca is located in the Centre part of town.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.


I need to find a train departing from Cambridge that arrives at [18:00]
What are the other requests?
I need to go to leicester from cambridge, and i need to leave on sunday.
There are many trains available. TR5173 leaves at 08:21 and arrives at 10:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great can I get TR5173 booked for 3 people please?
OK I booked that for you. The total fee is 90.72 GBP and your Reference number is : AVE1068H .
Thanks so much. I appreciate the help. Have a nice day.
Okay thank you for calling.


hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.
What area of town should it be in?
it should be in the east area and serve [south indian] food.
what about price specifications?
I would like something cheap please?
I don't actually have anything in town that serves Indian food in the east that's cheap. Can I try something else for you?
How about a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food?
I do not have any cheap Chinese food places in the east. Would you like me to search another area?
I really wanted [South Indian] food in the easy. Are there any choices regardless of price?
[Curry Prince] is moderately priced, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book a table for 3 people at [17:45] on sunday.
Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is J7WQHV7J . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you also find lodging for me? I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.
Do you have a preference of area or price range?
No any one will do. What ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.
I recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is cheap and in the west. 4 stars and free parking and wifi. Can I book you a room?
Could you please give me their address?
Their address is Regent Street, CB21AD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get a taxi from [University Arms Hotel] to [Curry Prince] by [17:45]?
Of course! A black ford will pick you up at University Arms Hotel and take you to Curry Prince at 17:45. The contact number is 07880637030
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


Hello, I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need some help finding places to go in town when I get there.
Sure, we have much to offer. Did you have anything specific in town?
I'm looking for a theatre.
There are 4 in the city centre and one in the south - do you prefer one area over the other?
Can you give me the address to the one in the south please?
It is called [The Junction]. It is located on Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, do you have information on the [cambridge belfry]?
The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range with internet and parking.
What is the address of the Cambridge Belfry, please?
The address is back lane, cambourne in cb236bw.
Can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? I would like to leave the theatre by [10:45].
Your taxi has been booked. The car will be a black Lexus and the contact number is 07768154661.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to come to [Da Vinci Pizzeria] by [01:45].
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I am going to [Cambridge Road Church of Christ].
Your booking is complete. The taxi is a yellow Honda. Contact number 07024160438.
Thank you for your help that is all I need today
You're welcome, have a great day!


Can you help me find a place to stay? I want somewhere in the east.
sure, i have 7 options for you
We need it to have free wifi.
There are 7 locations offering free wifi in the east. Do you have a price range?
Cheap, please. I want to save some money. But I also want it to be a 4 star.
You're in luck! I have 3 cheap, 4-star guesthouses in the east. I recommend the [Allenbell]. Would you like to book a room?
I just need their postcode and address.
their post code is cb13js and they are located in 517a coldham lane
I would also like some cheap [Italian] food.
I recommend [Ask], in the city centre.
Thanks and Make sure you get the reference number
Whoa, easy there tiger! I need a date, time and an amount of people before I can book.
I'm sorry, I got ahead of myself. I need a table for 6 on Monday night, at [14:30]
I'm sorry, I can't book that right now.
OK. Could you find another restaurant that serves Italian food that is in the cheap range?
Booking was successful at ask. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RK449E7Z .
Thanks, you've been a huge help! I don't need anything more today! Bye!
You are so welcome! I hope you have a lovely time!


I am looking for a place to stay. It should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.
i have four results that match your request, do you need internet?
Internet is not necessary. But can you see if there is one in the west part of town and I would prefer a guesthouse.
I have the [Hobsons House]. It is a moderately priced guesthouse located in the west. Free wifi and internet. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Please include the reference number for the booking.
I have that all booked for your stay. Your reference number for the room is ZUG88XKL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town while we are visiting the area. Do you have anything of concert halls around the area? We love those.
We have one. The Man on The Moon. But it is located in the centre area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, please, what is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223474144.
Ok, perfect. Thanks!
Also the address to the man on the moon is 2 Norfolk Street. You have to call to inquire about the entrance fee. Have a Great day.


Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.
There are 44 different attractions in city centre. Is there any particular type that you would want to visit?
Any type is fine.
Holy Trinity Church is a free architecture attraction. Their number is 01223355397 and they're located at Market Street.
Great! I'm also looking for a train that'll leave Thursday from Cambridge.
I have one that leaves at 05:00 on Thursday. Is that time alright for you?
Well, I need to get to Peterborough, and I need to arrive by [12:15]. What are my options?
TR5159 will depart cambridge at 11:06 on Thursday, arriving in peterborough at 11:56. Will that work?
Yes and please make the reservation for 8 and then send me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0C232D2C . Is there anything else I can help with?
That is everything I needed. Thanks for your help!
We are happy to help, thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day.


What trains leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge?
There are several trains that depart from London Liverpool Street on Friday. Is there a particular time you wish to leave by?
Yes, sometime after [09:15].
There are several trains departing on Friday every :39 of the hour from 9:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I'll go with the [9:39].
Wonderful, your train has been booked!
I think I forgot to add that I will need the booking for 3 people please. Will you modify the booking for me?
Great! Thank you for your help.
Please modify the booking for three people please.
Sure. Just a moment.
I need a reference number for the train. Then I need to find a moderate [Italian] restaurant in the east for 3 people at [16:30] on Saturday, and a reference number.
Ok, I have three tickets booked on the 9:39. The reference number is QOL9GX6F . Does [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton] sound good? It's the only Italian restaurant in east.
Yes I think that would be good. Is that available at 4:30 PM?
What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
I am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.
Ok, I have booked dinner for three on Saturday at 16:30 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Your reference number is MLMBLJEG . Enjoy your meal!
Thank you that is all the info I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice trip!


I am looking for a [Spanish] restaurant in the west side of town
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants matching your request.
How about a restaurant that serves [British] food?
We have three excellent options here. Do you prefer a moderate pricerange or expensive?
A moderate price range, please.
I found [saint johns chop house]. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need an address with postcode and phone number.
The address is 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode: cb30ad and the phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye


I am looking for a specific hotel
Can you give me the name of the hotel you're looking for?
yes.its name is [bridge guest house].
I found it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday.
I apologize, but the hotel can't accommodate you.
How about for Sunday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IHW6XAGZ .
Great, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You can end this conversation now
Ok I will.


I would like to go to a college in the north.
Can you tell me the name of the college? And the city it is located?
Actually, I was hoping you could help me. I am looking for colleges to visit in the north part of town.
Cambridge has many different colleges, but none are in the north. Would you be interested in a different area, perhaps?
Oh okay. How about a swimming pool instead?
There are two swimming pools in north. Jesus green Outdoor Pool is between victoria road and the river.
Either is fine. I need the postcode for the pool. Then I need to find a hotel.
The postcode for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is cb43px. What else can I help you with?
How much is admission to the pool?
I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
I need somewhere to stay in the north. With free parking and 4 stars.
There are many guesthouses to choose from in the north with these specifications, how about acorn house? When is the reservation for?
as long as it has 4 stars and free parking and in the same area as the swimming pool. I need price range, postcode and phone number
[Acorn guest house] is in the north. It is moderately priced with 4 stars and includes internet and parking. The phone number is 01223353888 and postcode is cb41da
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now. Thank you.
You are welcome, have a good day


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [chinese] food in the moderate price range.
I have found 4 restaurants that serve Chinese food. Which area would you be looking to dine in?
The centre.
I found the jinling noodle bar. would you like me to book?
Yes, please book a table for 7 people at [16:00] on tuesday.
I am sorry they don't have an open table at that time. I can book a table at [lan hong house].
Is that in the same area and price range. I really want to make sure.
Yes It is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is G43TC012 .
Thanks so much
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is everything I needed today.
Thank you for using our service today.


I need a train to Broxbourne, leaving after [09:15]
There are 98 trains, do you have a departure location and day?
I would like to depart from cambridge on friday
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7E3M8V02 . Is there anything else I can help with?
What time will I arrive?
The booked for 1 person TR0826 leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 11:01.
How long is the train ride?
It will be 60 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
All right, then. Have a nice trip, and a nice day. Goodbye.


Help me find something fun to do in the centre.
We have the [vue cinema] that's in that area. Would you like more information about that?
Sure! Can I get the address?
The address is the grafton centre, east road, postcode cb11ps. Would you like the phone number?
yes i will appreciate.
The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [seafood]. I'd like it to be in the expensive price range.
I have the loch fyne. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Is the loch fyne in the same area as the Vue Cinema?
[Loch Fyne] is located in the centre as well, yes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book that for 4 people at [20:00] on wednesday.
the booking was a success. your reference number is FR7FACKD . anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That looks like everything. Have a good day. Bye.
Have a nice day.


I need to find a hospital please with a [infusion service] department.
The telephone number is 01223586967
Can I get the address please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all. Good bye.
Goodbye and thank you for using our service


I need to find the nearest police station.
The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside,Cambridge CB11JG.
give me the phone number too
You can reach the police at the number 01223358966
Thanks for the information. I have to go. Goodbye.
Bye. have a good day


I am looking for a [Chinese] restaurant in the cheap price range.
There are 3 restaurants in centre and one in south. Which area are you most interested in?
Let's try the one in the south. Are there openings on Tuesday?
I would need to know what time and for how many people in order to check on Tuesday's availability.
It will be at [15:30] on Tuesday and there will be 4 people.
I was unable to book. Do you want to book another timeslot?
How about [14:30] instead?
Booking was successful to dine at [the Lucky Star]. Table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : M0OW1EI5 . Anything Else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on wednesday after [08:30] that departs from cambridge and goes to kings lynn.
The earliest train after 8:30 would be the TR2831, departing at 09:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 09:58. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
Yes, I need four tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9NZ8A7WM . May I help you further?
No that is all.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


Hi I would like to find a place to stay that has a guesthouse and free parking.
Which day would you like the reservation to start?
Can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? I need a 4-star guesthouse with parking.
[Acorn Guest House] has all the criteria you need. Would you like me to book that?
Book it for 4 people staying for 2 nights and give me the reference number.
I would be happy to do that. I just need to know what day you would like your reservation to start.
monday, please
Your booking was successful for 4 people at the Acorn Guest House, staying 2 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is : DB9SPLT7 . Is there anything else I can do today?
Also on Monday I am looking for a train destined for Cambridge. I need to depart at [21:00] from the Stevenage.
It looks like there are only trains on Friday and Saturday from Stevenage. Would another day do?
Before we continue, I need the reference number for my hotel booking.
Reference number is : DB9SPLT7 .
So is there any train on Monday?
There are two. One leaving at 21:54 and the other leaving at 23:54.
Are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on Monday leaving at 21:00? That is what I'd prefer.
The closest train would be TR1699 departing Stevenage at 21:54 arriving Cambridge 22:43. The ticket would be 12.80 GBP. Shall I book this for you?
I suppose, please give me a price and train ID.
The train id is TR1699 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
One ticket, please.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all for today. Thank You!
1 ticket for train ID TR1699 from stevenage to cambridge at 21:54 has been booked. Your reference number is W6J8TUAC . Have a nice day.


Is there anywhere that serves [British] fish and chips around here?
There are a lot of restaurants that serve British food. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I'd like something downtown and moderately priced
We do not have any restaurant downtown, would you like me search in a different area?
Any area is fine, really. It should be moderately priced however.
I found four British restaurants in centre and one in east. Which area would be more convenient?
East, please.
I found [cotto], a moderate british restaurant in the east. Do you like the address and phone number?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number, please.
The address is 183 East Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223302010.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!


I'm looking to have some [European] food tonight for dinner. Something very traditional in the centre of town should be good. Can I get a list of options?
There are 8 restaurants. Eraina, Michaelhouse cafe, hotel du vin and bistro, galleria, de luca cucina and bar, riverside brasserie, darrys cookhouse and wine shop, the river bar steakhouse and grill
Please provide postcode and address for [Eraina].
The postcode is cb23rh and address is Free School Lane City Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Goodbye!
I'm glad I could help. Have a nice day. Good bye.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.
Do you have any other constraints, such as location or price range?
The location and price range don't matter to me. I want a guesthouse with 4 stars.
We still have a lot of great options to choose from. Can I recommend the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in the centre of town?
Sure, that sounds fine, as long as you're sure it has free parking.
It does offer free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting Thursday and get me the reference number please
Alexander bed and Breakfast - 56 saint barnabas road cb12de phone - 01223525725
And the reference number ?
I'm sorry about that. Your reference number is 4PSP6FIB .
Thank you. I'd also like to find a cinema in the west side of town. Do you know of any in that area?
I'm sorry but there aren't any cinemas in the west. Would you like to try another location.
Let's try for a museum in the west instead
The west is home to 7 museums. Entrance fees are either free or 3.50 pounds. I personally recommend [kettle's yard].
That works, can you please provide the address for me?
[Kettles Yard] is located on Castle Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.
Okay, I need to know when you would like to leave the hotel and when you'd like to arrive at the museum please.
I'd like to leave the hotel by [10:30].
Your vehicle is a black volvo and they cbr at 07186950865 any other questions?
No that's all I need. Have a good night.
Thank you for using our service.


I am leaving Tuesday and need to take a train from Cambridge to Ely
Certainly. It looks like the trip is 17 minutes long. When would you like to leave?
I need the train to arrive by [11:15].
The TR3246 arrives at 10:07, would you like to book that train?
When does that train depart?
The train departs at 09:50.
Great. I'm not ready to book today though. I am also looking for a place to stay.
where are you staying and for how long and how many rooms please
I don't know where I am staying. I'm looking for a guesthouse and I thought you could help.
There is a variety of guesthouses to choose from. How much would you like to spend? We have cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I would like the expensive price range.
I don't have anything in the expensive range that fits that criteria.
If you can't find a guesthouse, could you look for a hotel?
There are 5 available hotels. What area were you looking to stay?
i would prefer the south. are there any in that area?
There is one expensive hotel in the south -- The [Lensfield Hotel]. It is a 3-star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from Thursday. Make sure you get the reference number
The Lensfield Hotel will be expecting the 3 of you to arrive on Thursday and to stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VOGVC4RY .
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am trying to find the [Parkside Pools].
Parkside pools is located in the centre of town gonville place. Phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you give me the full address of Parkside pools as well as the zip code?
The address of parkside pools is cb11ly and the zip code is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all for now. Thanks a bunch!
Great! Have a great day.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Are you wanting a specific department?
Yes, please. I need the phone number for the [children's surgical and medicine] department.
The phone number you need is 01223217450.
Thanks. What is the postcode?
Their postcode is CB20QQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Nothing more. Thank you.
You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can do anything else for you.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
We have many options available. What type of food would you like to eat?
I actually need a train leaving kings lynn on wednesday.
That should be no problem do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to leave on wednesday after [09:30]. I need seats for 6 people and the reference number please.
I can do that for you! Where would you like to go?
We need to go to Cambridge.
TR3225 leaves Kings Lynn 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. Do you want me to book this train for you?
yes and please include a reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : USQHZNBW . May I assist you with anything else ?
I also need a place to dine. Can you help me?
Sure. There are plenty of places to eat. Do you have a preference for area, price, or location?
Yes, we love [Korean] food and want to try the expensive price range, please.
How about [little seoul]? It has gotten great reviews!
Sure, please book that for 6 people at [17:30] on wednesday.
It is not available for the time requested. Should I check different time?
Could you try Monday then?
I'm sorry those are not available.
could you try Monday @ [19:30] please?
thanks a lot i enjoyed your service
Pardon? Were you able to reserve our table, please?
It's not available. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
No, could you try that restaurant for later that evening?
I am sorry, I can't book anything for that restaurant at all that night. Is there a different restaurant I can try for you?
I don't think so.
We are having technical problems. Please call the restaurant directly at 01223308681. Anything else?
Thank you for your help. Good bye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


Hi I'm excited to try an [international] restaurant in the centre, are they are I can go to?
We have two moderately priced options, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, any preferences?
[the varsity restaurant] sounds good. Could you book a table for 7 people at [14:45] on saturday?
I have you booked, the reference number is 206RQ761, can I help with anything else?
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
What day would you like to travel? Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I will be traveling on Sunday.
There are many trains available on Sunday. Any particular time?
I need that leaves after [15:15].
TR0189 leaves at 15:59. Is that alright for you?
that is very ok
How many tickets would you like?
7 tickets please and I'll also need to get a reference number from you, just in case
7 tickets on TR0189 is 92.96 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GAH6RYK1 . Can I assist you with anything else?
No. I think you've met all of my needs today. Thank you.
I am glad to help. Enjoy !


Hi! I need a place to stay in the centre of town.
I have 3 hotels and 2 guest houses in that area. What is your price range going to be?
Expensive price range would be just fine.
[University Arms Hotel] is in the centre and the price range is expensive. Would you like to book a room or get more information?
Before I book can I confirm that it includes free wifi and free parking?
Yes, it does include free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that now?
Yes, please book for me now.
what day would you like to leave, how many days


I'm looking for info about riveboat [georgina]
It is in the North area, the address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Phone number is 01223902091
That's all I needed thanks.
Thank you and have a great day!
Actually, can you help me find a restaurant? An expensive one in the West.
Certainly. I recommend Tandoori Palace. They serve expensive Indian food in the west. Were you looking for reservations?
No that doesn't sound good, I need one that serves [north african] food.
There are none that serve north african food
Can you search for one that has [british] food then?
There are two british places, graffiti and travellers rest, do you have a preference?
I will take [Graffiti]. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 8 people at [14:30] please?
That time is unavailable. Please choose another time?


I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves [Cantonese] food.
There are no restaurants that serve Cantonese food in the moderate price range.
How about [chinese] type of food?
the Golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?
Their phone number please.
Their phone number is 01223 350688.
What is the area?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Goodbye.


Hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called [jesus green outdoor pool], please?
It's a swimming pool in the North. Phone # is 01223302579 and it's between victoria road and the river. Anything else I can help you with?
That is the full address that you mentioned?
Sure. The address showing is between victoria road and the river. Again, their phone number is 0122330257. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.
There are many to choose from! Did you have a type of food or price range in mind? I like Shanghai Family Restaurant, myself. It's a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant.
I'd like an expensive [world] food restaurant.
I am not showing an expensive world restaurant in the centre. Would you like to try other areas?
How about one that serves [gastropub] food instead?
I have two places in the Centre fitting that criteria.
Is it expensive?
Yes, both of the gastropubs in the center of town are expensive. I recommend the [BackStreet Bistro].
That sounds good. Can you book it for 4 at [12:15] on Friday, please?
I was able to book it reference number is T2VZ7MJU
Great! I also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.
You are welcome! Please call us back if you need anything further.


I need a taxi to take me to the hotel from [the airport] now, can you give me the number to call?
What specific time do you want to leave?
Never mind. I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It must be in the north and 4 stars.
The [Acorn Guest House] is in the north and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Could I have their postcode and phone number?
The phone number for Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. The postal code is cb41da. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Yes I am looking for information on the [Sesame Restaurant and Bar].
The [sesame restaurant and bar] serves Chinese food, located in the centre area at Hills Road City Centre, postal code cb21nw17. You can contact them at this phone number, 01223358899.
I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the Restaurant at [15:45]. Can I get the phone number and type of car?
A red volkswagen will take you from the acorn guest house to the sesame restaurant and bar. The contact number is 07193707133
Ok, great. Thank you very much for your help.
Do you need any further assistance today?
No, that is all. Thank you.
Outstanding. Have a good rest of your day!


Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west with wifi, would that be okay?
I would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead.
In what area will you need the room?
There area does not matter, but I prefer a four star guesthouse.
[Autumn House] is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the East. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday/
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 7IWUZFNC . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also need a train. I'm planning to travel from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.
Do you have a time you want to leave or get there by?
I would like to arrive by [11:00].
There are 3 trains that will arrive by 11:00. Would you prefer to leave at 05:21, 07:21 or 09:21?
9:21 works perfectly, can I have a reference number for that as well?
Your Reference number is : CZEKL8AL . It will cost 12.8 GBP.
That is all I need good bye.
Fell free to call if you need anything in the cause of the day.


I would want to find a train going to Cambridge.
Ok. And where are you leaving from?
The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from ely
Okay, there are 10 trains available. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
it should arrive by [11:15]. get me the price
TR2006 is leaving at 11:35 and costs 4.40 pounds.
Thanks, I'm also looking for some places to go in the centre.
There are 44 different attractions in the centre. Can you narrow down your choices?
I think whatever you think is the best place, just choose that. I am not picky.
Perhaps you would enjoy seeing [All Saints Church] on Jesus Lane?
that sounds lovely, what is their phone number, address and any entrance fee's?
The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and they are located on Jesus Lane. They do not charge an entrance fee. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that will be it. Thank you so much for your help!
Thank you for using our service!


I need information about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.
Okay! I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel?
I will be traveling on sunday.
I have 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday. The earliest leaves at 05:29 and the latest leaves at 23:29. Would you like to book a seat?
I need one that leaves after [17:15]
The first one out after that time is TR6742, departing at 17:29. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Yes, I need two seats please. Can you give me the reference number after they are booked?
Two seats are booked for TR6742. Your reference number is ESM407G4 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find a hotel too.
What are your preferences regarding area, price range and star rating? Or do you have other needs?
it should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 2.
So, I have three hotels in town that have 2 stars and parking. Do you have a preference on cost? I have two moderate and one expensive.
I'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.
I need to know what price range please.
I don't have a preference just 2 stars please.
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both moderately priced and in the north, while Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is expensive and in the east. Would you like to book?
The [Ashley Hotel] sounds good. I need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting Tuesday.
So you'd like me to book the guesthouse Tues thru Sat is that correct?
No I'd like you to book the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.
How many people will be staying?
There will be five of us.
Booking was successful. Is there anything else that you would like?
Yes, can you find me a restaurant for Friday night of that week?
What kind of food would you like?
I'm interested in [Asian] food.
on the same area?
Oh, never mind the restaurant. I'll book it myself. Did I say 5 people at the hotel? I'm sorry, I meant 2.
Ok, no problem I can change that
Can you provide the reference number?
The reference number is 1BWYJXU9
Thank you that will be all I need.
You are welcome enjoy.


I am coming to cambridge and would like some type of entertainment while visiting.
Personally, I enjoy the Funky Fun House, it is located in the east area at 8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Will you be needing any further information?
That sounds great, but come to think of it I should try something close to our hotel in the centre. Anything there?
I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre.
Could I have the address and phone number of the [Funky Fun House] and is this a nightclub?
Funky's address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705. It isn't a nightclub.
Can you find me some information on [alexander bed and breakfast]?
Alexander is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with four stars and free internet and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yes that is perfect can you book that?
Definitely. What day are you coming in?
I am coming in on Friday. I want to stay for 3 nights with 8 people.
I've booked a room for 8 people beginning on Friday and lasting three nights. Your reference number is EZF4SMWV . Can I help you find anything else in Cambridge?
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye
Goodbye. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge and needs a train that will depart from Cambridge on Monday. Can you help me book for one?
Okay! What is your destination?
i'm trying to get to peterborough
There are multiple trains that depart for peterborough. What time would you like to depart at?
I need to arrive in Peterborough by [15:30].
Well, the TR7786 will get you there at 15:24. Will that work for you?
Can you tell me the travel time and price?
Sure! travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50.
Great I also need a place to stay with free wifi in the cheap price range
I have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?


I need to book a train from Cambridge and Norwich on Wednesday and I need to be there at [15:30].
When would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave as long as I get there by 15:30.
There are 9 trains matching your query. Shall I book one?
Can I get the departure and travel time of the train arriving closest to 15:30?
The travel time is 79 minutes.
And the departure time please? For the train that arrives closest to 15:30?
The departure time is 13:38 and it arrives at 14:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you and that is all i needed.
Thank you, have a nice day, goodbye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help you with all kinds of information. What are you looking for?
I'd like to find a train for Friday leaving after [16:30], from Peterborough.
TR0992 will leave at 16:48 and arrive by 17:38. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Have a nice trip!


Hi, I need a train from stansted airport that arrives by [14:30]. Can you help?
I sure can help with that! Can you please tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes I will traveling to Cambridge and want to arrive by 14:30.
TR3659 arrives at 05:52
Could you please tell me the price and travel time of that train?
Sure, price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I need a hotel that is 4 star and of moderate price.
I have about 11 different options. All are guesthouses. Do you have a preference on area so that we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel to the north that is a guesthouse, please.
I show 7 guesthouses that match your criteria. Might I suggest [acorn guesthouse]. They have free parking and internet. Phone number is 0122353888.
Can you reserve us some rooms? We're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 3 nights, starting Sunday. Can you check that the train is also on Sunday?
I've successfully booked your rooms, and your reference number is D4TV4G4T .
Thank you, That was all I needed
Have a nice stay in Cambridge!


Hi, I would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves [creative] food please.
Sadly there are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their food as "creative." We do have many restaurants in town, though, so I'd be happy to look for something else.
How about a restaurant that services [Chinese] food?
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific price range you would like?
I don't care about the price range. Can you just pick a good one for me?
If money is no concern, I would definitely recommend [HK Fusion]. It's in the centre of town and expensive. It's located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. How does that sound?
Yes, sounds good. Please reserve a table for six at [12:15] on Saturday.
That was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or time slot?
Is [11:15] on Saturday available?
That booking was successful. A reservation was made for 6 people at HK Fusion on Saturday at 11:15. Reference is ARWFXLDL . Can I help with anything else?
Nothing else. I look forward to the meal. Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome. Thanks for using our service.


i need a place to stay
Okay, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.
I'm sorry I don't have anything that matches that criteria.
Okay. Do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?
Yes, I have 9 options for you!
Can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday?
Sure, your all set for the [acorn house], your confirmation number is C9BFUP76 . Anything else today?
I would like something fun to do in the middle of town.
[Club Salsa] is a fun nightclub in city centre. The address is 1 station road. Is this the type if attraction you were interested in?
I'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.
I'm sorry. There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area I can look at for you?
How about a college instead?
There are 13 colleges to visit in the city centre. If I may recommend something, [Gonville and Caius College] is quite lovely this time of year, and their entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you get me a taxi to the college.
Sure, are you wanting to depart from Club Salsa? When do you want to arrive by?
I want to leave from the college by [21:45].
a yellow lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07394743524, anything else today?
No, that'll be it for me. Bye
Okay, goodbye and have a great day


I need a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
We have 5 places in the center, ranging from cheap to expensive. What's your price range?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse and I would like the place to have a 1 star rating.Is anything like that available?
No, but I do have a 0 star! Want to live on the wild side and give it a try?
I don't think so. How about one with a 4-star rating then?
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is just what you need, then. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I'd just like to know about the parking, price range, and phone number, please?
Alexander B&B is a cheap guesthouse. They are 4 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Their postcode is cb12de. Phone number is 01223525725.
Awesome, thanks. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday after [13:15].
I can help you find a train but first I need to know your departure and arrival station.
I am departing from Standsted Airport and would like to go to Cambridge.
We have 11 trains leaving every hour from 13:24 to 23:24. How early or late do you want to leave?
let's go with 13:24. Please give me the arrival time and train id.
The train ID is TR6980, it will arrive by 13:52, can I assist with anything else?
That is all for tonight. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for information on [Broughton house gallery].
Certainly! It's a museum in the centre at 98 king street cb11ln with free entrance. Their phone number is 01223314960. May I help find anything else?
Is the cb11ln the postcode?
Yes, that's the postcode. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge.
Okay, what day would you like to travel and where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Leicester and I want to be in Cambridge by [11:30], please.
Of course. What day will you be traveling?
Sunday,can you book it for me and I need a reference number,please
Sure. Just to confirm, how many seats will you need?
5, please. Include the reference number.
You will arrive at 10:54 the reference number is 69luuzq7
Thanks so much, that's all I need today.
I hope you have a great day, goodbye!


I'm looking for a train out of cambridge.
Where would you like to go?
I am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by [14:45].
What day would you be traveling. I'd be happy to look that up and book it for you.
I would like that to be for Wednesday and I will need tickets for 3 people please.
Okay, the TR6167 leaves at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes please, for 3 people. I also need to know if the restaurant [La Minosa] is still open.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Reference number is : GKN1SECP . Unfortunately, I don't have the hours of operation for La Mimosa. But their phone number is 01223362525.
Can you book the La Mimosa for the same group of 3 people at [11:30] on Wednesday?
Yes that booking was successful and the reference number is F7EI7E4Y .
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye
If there is anything else, please contact us. Good bye.


While in Cambridge I need to find a restaurant called the [rice boat].
Rice Boat is located at 37 Newnham Road in Newnham. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please, I need a table for 6 on Sunday at [17:45].
Wonderful. You're table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is JM6MM56Y .
I'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the south.
I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Can you try in the north then?
I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? I need a hotel for the same group of people for 5 nights starting the same day.
Looks like there was an error in our system earlier. There are two moderately priced hotels in the north - The Ashley and The Lovell Lodge.
Could you try to book us there for 4 nights instead?
Yes, which of the two would you prefer? Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge?
The [Lovell Lodge] sounds nice. Please try for 5 nights but we can settle with 4 if we need to.
How many people is the hotel for and which day would you like to begin your trip on?
Oh sure, It's for 5 nights starting sunday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry there is nothing available on those days. Would you like to shorten your stay or try the other hotel?
Can you try the other hotel then?
I was not able to book that one either. Can we try a different day perhaps?
Can you try booking for 4 nights instead?
I was able to book the Lovell Lodge for 4 nights starting Sunday for six people. The reference number is XTY5KJI9 .
Thank you very much! That was everything i needed. Take care and have a great day.
I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I need a train on Wednesday that leaves [after 16:00.]
Where will you be leaving from and traveling to?
I would like to go to Ely, from Cambridge.
I found TR8610 leaving at [17:35] would that work for you?
Yes. One ticket. I need the travel time and train ID.
Okay, I have you booked on TR1549 from Cambridge to Ely leaving Wednesday at 17:50, arriving 17 minutes later at 18:07. The reference number is RHE56NAC . Anything else today?
I believe I am good for the moment thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a safe trip! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.
I found 21 restaurants available, do you have a type of food you would prefer?
I would like [lebanese] food.
How does [Ali Baba]? I recommend it. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes, I want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday.
Great, I have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3. Your reference number is 5LY9WSF1 . May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and have a wonderful day!


Hi. Can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from [singapore] ? I'd like it to be on the East side of town if possible.
There are no restaurants serving Singaporean food on the east part of town.
Can you help me find some [Chinese] food then?
[Yu Garden] is located on the east part of town. Would you like the telephone and address?
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A, and the number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you find me a train from Kings Lynn please?
We have several different time slots for Sundays train to Kings Lynn. What time is good for you?
I need to leave after [15:00].
The first train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn departing after 15:00 is the TR2965, leaving at 15:11. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
Yes. Please book that for 3 people.
I booked the train. Your reference is HFQYOUMG . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel on the north side of town with a 1 star rating
What is your preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price, but it must include free parking.
I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels fitting your criteria. Would you like to search for something different?
If there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 4
I'm sorry I do not have any 4 star hotels in the north part of town with free parking. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Huh. That's odd. I was told there was a good one.
On the north side there are 2 moderate priced hotels both have free parking and internet. They are both 2 stars. Would you be interested in one of these?
I really would prefer a 4 star hotel. Can you please look again on the north side?
I looked again, and there's nothing meeting your criteria. We have several 4 star guesthouses in the north with parking, would that work?
Sure, I'll need it for the same group of people for 3 nights.
Would you like me to recommend a 4-star guest house is the north?
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I would recommend the [acorn house].
Ok, can you book for same group of people 3 nights starting on same day?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VTJW67PC . Acorn guest house starting Sunday for 3 people and 3 nights. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You have helped me with everything I need today. Thank you! That will be all.
Have a great time.


I am looking for a good hotel in north Cambridge.
The [acorn guest house] is a nice guesthouse. Would that work?
Does it have a 4 star rating? I would like a place with four stars?
Yes it does. Would you like to book?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from Thursday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is : A9VM6FAU . Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
I would also like more info about [Pizza Hut in the city center].
There is a Pizza Hut on Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I want a reservation for thursday at [19:30] and 5 people. Give me the reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PURZ5YVG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I will need a taxi to go between the two places.
Please specify for the taxi which location you'll depart from and which is the destination. Also I need a time to leave at or arrive by
Depart the hotel and arrive at restaurant by booked time. I need car type and contact info
I have made that booking for you. It will be a white ford and the contact number is 07171542462.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else? If not, goodbye have a nice day


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
What would you like to see while there?
I would like to go to an entertainment venue in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, I have many in other area but nothing in the centre. Can I look up something else for you?
How about a college then. I will need the address and phone number.
There are 13 churches in the centre. How about christi's college? The address is saint andrew's street.
Ok that will work. Can I get their phone number please?
Okay the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need information on a train.
I'd be happy to help, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street on Thursday and get to Cambridge by [11:30].
There are four trains that match your request. What time would you like to leave?
I do not care about departure time. I would like you to get me one ticket.
You have been booked for the TR3839. It leaves Thursday at 05:39 and cost 16.60 lbs. Can I do anything else for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


I need a train leaving Cambridge after [21:15].
Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.
The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful. Can you tell me if [A and B Guesthouse] is still around?
Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?
Sure thing! It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star. Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode? I need to check on a few things.
The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.


Hi! I'm looking to visit a museum. Are there any in the west part of town?
There are two different museum which are cambridge and county folk museum and museum of classical archaeology. Which one would you like information for?
Can I get information on the [County Folk Museum]? Specifically the phone number and postcode.
Phone number is 01223355159 and postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you! Can you also find me a train going to Cambridge?
I can definitely help you with that! Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn sometime after [19:30].
Sure, there are 28 trains available, do you have a specific day in mind to leave?
Yes. I'd like to travel on Friday.
The first train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Friday after 19:30 is the TR1082. It leaves Kings Lynn at 20:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, what time does it arrive in Cambridge?
It will arrive at 20:58
awesome! thank you so much!
Would you like me to book you a ticket on that train?
Nah that won't be necessary.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day!


I'm looking for a decently priced guesthouse I can stay at for the day.
I have quite a few guesthouses to choose from, do you have an area of preference and a star rating you'd like to look at?
How about a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse?
The [avalon] is in the north area and moderately priced. I has 4 stars and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. There will be 7 people.
I reserved a room at the Avalon for 7 people arriving Wednesday for 3 nights. Your reference number is LXMFRZLR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for an attraction called [riverboat georgina].
The Riverboat Georgina is a boat located in the north. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?
I apologize but the entrance fee for riverboat georgina is unlisted. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I thought someone provided the entrance fee for me before but I just can't remember. Are you sure it's not listed?
I just double-checked, and it's not listed here. I'm terribly sorry.
well, okay then, I guess there's nothing else. Have a good day.
Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes you have. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant with [Chinese] food.
There are several cheap Chinese restaurants. Would you prefer any certain area of town?
South part of town.
[The Lucky Star] is the only cheap Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any contact information?
Yes, what is their phone number and address?
The Lucky Star restaurant is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277.
Excellent. Thanks a lot. I think that's everything I need.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


Hello, I am looking for a place called the [broughton house gallery]. Can you help me?
Yes, I am familiar with it. It's located in the centre of the city on 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
Yes, can you tell me what type of attraction it is and whether or not there is an entrance fee?
Certainly. The Broughton House Gallery is a museum, and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for the information. I also need a train that goes to Cambridge leaving Sunday.
What time would you like to leave by


I am in need of a local hospital please. And it must have a [oral and maxillofacial surgery and ent] department!
Alright the phone number is 01223348527. Would you like me to book it for you?
It doesn't matter, could you give me the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks for all of your help!
My pleasure, have a nice day!


I would like to find a certain restaurant called the [Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant]. Can you find it for me?
It is located at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
Great. Can you make me a reservation for 5 people at [14:30] on Wednesday.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : XL60G8AI .
Thanks so much. I'm also looking for a place to stay.
We have 33 places to stay in the area. Would you like to narrow down your needs, like price range or area?
Well I would like it to be moderately priced, 4 stars and include free wifi and include free parking.
I don't have anything that fits all your specific requests in that area. Would you like to try a different area or would you be willing to change specifics?
Surely there's got to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the Cambridge area that offers free parking and internet. Can you please check again?
There are none in the centre area however there are some in the north, south, or east. Which area would you like?
it doesn't matter just book a room for 3 nights I'll need the reference number then too please
I've booked your hotel for a 3 night stay for 5 people. Your reference number is IO1X1H8Q . Can I help you with something else?
No thanks that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need to find the nearest police station.
The police station is located at Parkside Cambridge CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966.
Wonderful, thank you very much!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you and hope your day gets better.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Malaysian] food and is in the cheap price range.
No matches found for cheap Malaysian food. Would you like something else?
How about [vietnamese] food, please?
[Thanh binh] is a nice restaurant that serves Vietnamese food and is in the cheap price range.
That sounds great! May I have their phone number please?
thanh binh's phone number is 01223 362456
Okay, thank you for your help!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, please call again.


I want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking.
I have 10 places matching your request. What part of town would you prefer?
North part of town,please.
I have the [city centre north b and b] and the worth house. They are both a guesthouse with internet and parking. Would you like to book one?
Lets go with the [Worth House] please. Can I get it for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people please
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
That would be fine, but please stay in the same price range
Reference number is : HC73QPEX . I have you at the City Centre, north, B and B. Anything else?
No that will be all thanks for your help.
You're welcome.


I need a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. Can you help me?
I'd be happy to. Do you have a specific date and time for your departure?
I want to leave on Saturday and should arrive by [18:00], I have a doctors appointment to see to.
The TR4466 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 15:27, would that be acceptable?
Yes what is the price, departure time, and travel time?
It is 13.28 pounds, will arrive 15:27, and the travel time will be 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a place to stay in the south and would prefer a guesthouse.
ok I have a few options. Is there a price range you would like to stay at?
No specific price range, but I do need free parking.
[Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast is a great one in that area and cheap. It includes free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book for two nights and two people starting Saturday.
Unfortunately there is no space for your request. Would you like to check another hotel or change the length of stay?
How about for just two nights 4 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Are you trying to shorten your stay? And, may I confirm the stay is for 2 people?
I would like to try for 2 nights since there is no space and I want it for 4 people please.
Im sorry i was unable to book that. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Let's try a different guesthouse in the south, then.
We have 2 other choices - both of which are moderately priced guesthouses in the South. The guesthouses are [bridge guest house] and [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Do you have a preference?
Do either of them offer free parking?
Yes, they all offer free parking.
Can you book one for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday please.
Unfortunately, none are available for that stay. Would you like me to check availability for a shorter stay?
Yes, can you try 2 nights please?
I was able to book [aylesbray lodge guest house] for 2 days with 4 people. Reference number is AULI4NVQQ .
Thank you, that is everything i need.
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
You are welcome, enjoy your trip.
Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that is thanks
Glad to be of service! So long.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
There are 2 guesthouses and 3 hotels in the city centre, do you prefer one or the other, or are there any amenities that you'd like?
Yes, I would like it to have free wifi.
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap. Does that interest you?
Do they offer free wifi or free parking?
Yes to both.
Great. Please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Unfortunately that didn't work. Do you want to shorten your trip?
Sure, how about two nights?
I was able to book that hotel for you for 2 nights. The reference number is 8LCNFKVO .
Thanks. I'm also interested in going to the [Chiquito restaurant bar]. Can you make a reservation there?
Sure what time and how many people?
For 5 people on Wednesday please. Could you also provide the reference number.
I will need a time before I can book.
It will be for [11:00] on the same day
I've booked it for you, your reference number is S7P7SXVN .
Could you also get me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?
A red ford car will arrive at [10:30] to pick you up at your hotel to take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07751377592.
Thank you for all of your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I am all set. Good bye.
Glad to help. Goodbye!


i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.
There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks
i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?
No but would you like to try another location ?
No I need the north. Is there anything else available in the north?
there are a variety of good things in the north it depends on what you want i will find whatever you request


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant. I would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.
We offer 9 such places.
Is there a [British] one available?
Great choice! I have two. Graffiti and travellers rest. Would you like me to book one of these?
I am looking for some rest as a traveler so I choose [travellers rest]. There will be four of us for Saturday at [11:00]. Please book.
I'm sorry, it seems they are unable to accommodate you at that day and time. Would you like me to try another?
Can you try for [10:00] please?
A table is reserved for 10:00. Your reference number is TX8BTBJT . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a college to visit.
What area is this college in? Do you know the name of it?
Is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant travellers rest? I will need the college's address and phone number, too.
How about Queen's College? It is on the west side of town. The phone number is 01223335511 and address is Silver Street.
Yes! I would also like to book a taxi.
I can certainly help you with that! Where would you like to be picked up and dropped off, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at [Queen's College] on Silver street and taken to Traveler's West. I want to make the reservation on time.
Okay, I've got a grey skoda booked for you.
Could you provide a contact number? Thanks!
The contact number is 07334374879. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that is all I needed thank you for your help today.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.


I'm visiting the area and want to stay at [rosa's] bed and breakfast.
Sure thing! If you can tell me the day you're arriving, the number of nights you're staying, and the number in your party, I'd be happy to book that!
I'm still working out the details for all of that. Can you tell me the star rating of the hotel?
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse located in the South. Can I help you further today?
Yes. I would like to visit a museum while I am there.
The Bryard [Art] Museum is also in the South and has no entrance fee. Will that do?
What is the postcode, phone number and address of this place?
I'd be happy to provide the information. The address is 14 Kings's Parade, cb21sj. You can reach the museum at 01223464646. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a taxi that will take me there. I want to leave the hotel by [18:30]. I need the contact number and car type of the taxi.
OK, a red Toyota will pick you up at Rosa's B&B at 18:30. The contact number is 07584591119.
thanks so much, bye
Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye.


Does Cambridge have any expensive [Austalasian] restaurants?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants fitting your request. Do you want me to look for a different food type for you?
I like [British] also. Are there any British restaurants that are expensive?
There are 6 British restaurants that are expensive. What part of town would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. Which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at [13:30] on wednesday?
I was able to book you for 1 at [Fitzbillies restaurant]. Your reference number is LLT7M4SU . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive place to stay.
There are 5 options. They are all hotels with parking and internet included. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
Can you please check the South area first?
There is one expensive hotel in the south. It is the [lensfield hotel]. Do you need a booking?
Yes, I want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. It'll be just 1 person again. Please provide a reference number.
Reference number is : 1DN9IQ4D . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to [Fitzbillies restaurant], arriving by [13:30]. Please give me a car type and contact info
I have that taxi booked. It is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07422952995.
I appreciate all of your help. I'm done for now.
You are welcome enjoy


I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 3 hotels in the city that meet your request. Are you looking for a certain area of the city?
I need a hotel in the east.
I have [A and B Guest House] in the east. Does that sound good? I can help you book a room there if you'd like.
Yes that will be fine. Book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on wednesday.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a room at that hotel. Would you like us to try booking another hotel?
Okay sure. Try another hotel in the same price range.
Okay, you're booked at [Avalon] with reference number 7U6TURWS . May I help with anything else?
That was all that I needed, thank you!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for the [Warkworth House] hotel.
Warkworth House is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse on the eastside. It offers free wifi and parking. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, I think I would like to book it for myself for 5 nights.
Of course, what day would you like your reservation to begin?
On Thursday please. Can I have the reference number once it's booked?
I'm very sorry, but there are no rooms available for five days starting on Thursday. Should I try to find a different hotel?
Sure, as long as it is in the same price range. And can I get the reference number once you book it, please?
Alright. I was able to book you a room at the [carolina bed and breakfast]. Your reference number is OZ7QG2OK . Is there anything else you need?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you, good day. Let us know if you need any thing else.


I am looking for a hotel called [Hobsons House].
Hobsons House is a moderately priced 3-star guesthouse on the west side. Their address is 96 Barton Road, cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Excellent. I would like to book a stay for 2 people for 5 nights, please.
When would you like to begin your stay at Hobson's House?
I would like my stay to begin on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ALSEXHLY .
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.
What day and around what time would you prefer to depart?
I need to leave after [17:45] on Saturday. I need the price, travel time and train ID of the route is possible.
There is a train leaving Cambridge at 18:21 and arriving at Leicester at 20:06. The trainID is TR6034 and the trip duration is 105 minutes. A ticket is 30.24 pounds.
Perfect, I will take that trip for 30.24 pounds. Thank you!
How many tickets will you need?
Actually, I am not ready to book them. Thank you for your help, I am all set. Good bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge on a Thursday.
TR8272 leaves at 05.00
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave after [13:45].
Your best bet is probably the TR9033. It leaves cambridge at 14:01. Would you like a ticket?
Actually, I gave you the wrong day. I'd like to travel on Wednesday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave anytime after [12:45].
No problem. I found 11 trains matching your request. What time would you like to arrive?
No I would just like the earliest train that leaves after 12:45.
TR6167 leaves Cambridge at 13:01. Can I book a seat for you?
I'll need it booked for 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : W8FEGXWO . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment places to go in town in the south area. Can you help me with that?
I can definitely help with that. I have two different entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Does either sound interesting?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number for [Nusha]?
Certainly. The number is 01223902158, and the postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I'm all set!
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I have to get to cambridge from london kings cross for a family matter, can you help me book a train?
Yes, I can help. What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.
Is there a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave [after 17:15] on sunday.
TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives 51 minutes later. How is that?
Perfect. I'll need 2 tickets.
I will book that for you now.
Great, can you give me the reference number. Also can you give me some information on [emmanuel college] please?
Your reference number is : TD9C5XQU . What else can I do for you today?
Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address of emmanuel college, please?
The phone number is 01223334200. I can also tell you that there is no entrance fee and its located in centre on saint andrew's street.


I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
Which area of town will you be staying in?
I will be staying in the south can you book me a room and send me the reference number?
Absolutely the only hotel in the south is expensive, is that okay?
Could you look for something in the west?
In the wast I have [huntingdon marriott hotel] and the cambridge belfry.
If it's in the west, I want it to be a 0 star hotel. Is it?
No, it isn't. There are no 0 star hotels in the west but there are plenty more hotels I can recommend
Can you check for ones in the centre and have free parking?
The only place that I have in the centre that offers free parking and internet is a guesthouse called the [El Shaddai]. It is cheap and has 0 stars.
That should be fine. I also want some other places to go nearby.
There are many different types of attractions in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
I would like a architecture place to visit.
Sure, I recommend [holy trinity church] in the centre, admission is free.
Sweet could you give me their phone and address?
Their address is market street and their number is 01223355397. Do you need anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel [by 15:45.]
Where will you be going to?
the [holy trinity church] from the hotel please.
No problem. I've got your taxi booked. What else can I do?
can i have the car type and the phone number for the taxi?
Booked car type : grey volkswagen Contact number : 07826530117
Perfect! That's all I need. See you later. Bye.
Ok! Have a great day!


i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by [11:30]
What time would you like to leave and what is your destination?
I want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on Tuesday and Cambridge is my destination.
There is a bus that leaves Birmingham New Street for Cambridge at 10:40. Would you like to book it?
No thank you, but I would like the travel time for this train.
The travel time is 163 minutes. Is that sufficient?
Yes but I also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves [Indian] food.
I have 9 different options. To narrow it down some, can you tell me what price range you would prefer?
I don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. You can surprise me. I'll need a table for 8 the same day.
How about [Curry Garden]? What time and day would you like the reservation for?
That sounds fine. I would like it booked for [17:45] for 8 people please.
And what day would you like that table reserved?
I'd like it on Tuesday, please.
Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to try another day or time, or perhaps another place?
Could you try [an hour earlier], then?
Certainly. You now have a table for your party of 8 at the Curry Garden, at [16:45]. Your reference number is V24OGNJB .
Great that's all that I need, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I need to find an [Italian] restaurant please.
There are several Italian Restaurants. What area are you interested in?
I am so sorry, I would rather have [gastropub] food, moderately priced please.
Sure depending on whether you'd like to be in the center or not I do have one moderately priced gastropub called [the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar].
Location is not a problem. Please book me a table for 2 at [1645], Wednesday. I'll probably need the reference number, too.
I was able to successfully book your table! Your reference number is V3PUMO0W . Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to visit a college in the centre.
How about [Corpus Christi], on King's Parade?
That sounds great, may I have the address?
The address is on King's Parade in the centre. Do you know where that is? I can give you directions or call you a taxi.
I do know where that is located. Thanks for your help, goodbye!
You are welcome. Good bye.


I'm looking for an [Australian] place to dine in. I need it to be cheap.
I'm sorry, there aren't any cheap Australian restaurants in town. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant type?
Are there any that have [Asian Oriental] food?
There is a very nice and cheap Asian restaurant called [Wise Buddha]. Here is the address and phone number.
Could you book me a table for 4 on Friday at [14:00]?
There was no Wise Buddha restaurant, sorry. I booked a table for 4 at J Restaurant. Reference number is WPA3IY8C . I think you'll like it. Anything else?
No, that should do it. Thanks for the help!
Glad to be of assistance. Have a great day! Bye.


I need information about a train.
Okay! Where would you like to go?
I need a train on thursday that'll arrive by [18:00], traveling from leicester to cambridge.
I have train TR1575 that leaves at 15:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:54. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you please book me for 3 people and get me a reference number?
I have booked you for 3 people on TR1575. Your reference number is Y4IU29UM . Can I do anything else for you?
Thanks, I need to find a [danish] restaurant in the centre of town
I am terribly sorry there aren't any, another type perhaps?
How about [european] food then?
Yes there are 4 results. How about hotel du vin and bistro?
What is the price range for hotel du vin and bistro?
That one is a moderately priced restaurant. It's fantastic!
I can't wait to try it. I'm not ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for your help. I'll call back. Goodbye.
Thank you, we'll be happy to help when you're ready to make a reservation. Have a great day!


I need to find a train to take to Cambridge please.
There are over 1,400 results, can you provide me with more information? Such as departure site, day and time of travel.
I need to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday. I would like to leave after [19:15], please.
TR5056 leaves at 19:32 would that work for you?
It may work... what time does it arrive in Cambridge?
Train TR5056 arrives in Cambridge at approximately 20:32. Shall I book that for you?
No but I also need info on the [parkside pools] attraction.
Of course! It's a swimming pool in the centre at gonville place cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100. May I help with anything else?
Can I please have the address to the swimming pool?
The address is just "Gonville Place", postcode cb11ly.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.
I'm glad I was able to assist you. Have a good day.


Hello, I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving by [20:30].
The TR7213 gets you there at 06:08. Need a ticket?
Maybe. I need to leave Cambridge on Friday. Will that train work?
I recommend TR1110. It will arrive in Cambridge at 20:08 on Friday. I can book passage for you if you let me know how many tickets you need.
What is the cost per ticket?
The price for that ticket is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No. Are there any swimming pools on the east side of town?
Yes there is the abbey pool and astroturf pitch would you like their address?
Yes. May I have the address and postcode for the [Abbey Pool] please?
Yes, of course. They are located at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off NewMarket Road. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else I can do for today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help.
I am happy to help you with the booking, enjoy.
Thanks! I appreciate your help. Bye.
It's my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hello! I'm lookng for someplace to go in the centre.
I have many attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
I would like to visit a museum.
There are 11 museums in the centre what type of museum would you like to visit?
Well I also will be needing somewhere to stay. Is there a museum located close to a hotel?
There are several hotel options in the centre if you are interested in staying that part of town.
First let's work out what attraction I'll choose. Can you pick me your favorite in the centre and tell me their address and entrance fee, please?
The Primavera is a nice museum with free entrance and is located at 10 king s parade, postcode cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend me a hotel with free wifi in the same area?
I have 5 different places that ranges from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preferred price range?
Something cheap with free wifi would be perfect, I'm trying to keep this trip from busting my budget.
I suggest [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on Wednesday.
I have a room booked for you for 3 nights starting Wednesday. The reference number is Q6M0JJPA . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. I don't have any other questions at this time. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
Do you have a preferred location or price range?
I'm not too concerned with location, but I would like it to include internet and have a 4 star rating please.
There are 16 guesthouses that meet those requirements. Any preference on price range?
Not really. Anything would be fine.
I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please. I'd like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
Booking unsuccessful. Want to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, how about 3 nights?
That was a successful booking, your reference number is T6C83P46 .
Thank you so much!
You're so welcome. Thank you.


I need place to stay in Cambridge. Want it cheap with 4 stars.
I found 2 different 4 star hotels in that are cheaper than the others. Would you like to reserve that room for you?
What are the names of the 2 hotels?
Allenbell and the Alexander bed and breakfast are the cheapest.
I need one in the east area. Is one of them in the east.
[Allenbell] is in the East area. can I get you a booking there?
What type of hotel is it, and do they have free parking?
Allenbell is a guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to check availability for a certain day of the week?
No, if you could get me the postcode for Allenbell that would be great.
The post code is cb13js
Cool. Do you happen to know anything about the [Soul Tree nightclub]?
Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre area. Would you like the phone number or address?
I need the postcode and address.
The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!
Thank you for your interest in Cambridge, we look forward to seeing you here!


Hi, I'm looking for a place to go in the centre part of town. Are there any interesting attractions?
There are quite a few architecture attractions in the centre part of town.
Can you recommend something for me?
[All Saints church] is located on Jesus Lane in the centre. It has free admission.
Can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb58bs. Would you like the address or phone number also?
No, I'm sure it will be fine. But can you help me get a train from Birmingham New Street?
What is your destination?
I'll be heading into Cambridge on Friday, and I need to get there by [15:30].
It looks like TR7040 would be your best bet. You will arrive by 14:23. Would you like me to book the train for you?
Yes, I'd like two tickets, please.
Great. I've booked two tickets for the train, and your reference number is TNF2DMIQ . Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope I think that covers everything, thanks for being so helpful!
Okay great, have a good day.


I want to visit some colleges.
Yes, there are 18 colleges. Do you have any particular area in mind?
I would like it to be in the South.
I am sorry there are none in the south. Would you like to try another area instead?
How about just try looking for any cinemas in the south?
We have [Cineworld Cinema] in the South area.
That sounds great! Can I have their address and phone number, please?
00872208000 is the phone number. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thanks, I need some info in [lovell lodge], specifically price range, address and whether parking is included.
Lovell Lodge is located at 365 milton road. The pricing is moderately priced, but the parking is free.
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.
Okay, which location would you like to be picked up at, and at what time?
the hotel at [23.30] get me the contact number and car type
Booking completed! Booked car type : red audi Contact number : 07369509134 anything else i can help you with?


I'd like to locate Addenbrookes Hospital, please.
Hills Road, Cambridge
And what's the postcode and the main phone number?
Addenbrookes Hospital has a postcode of CB20QQ, and telephone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. That is it.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I've been injured and I need a hospital that is close to this location.
The [emergency department's] number is 0122327118. would you like me to contact them for you?
I am injured and need a hospital.
Okay, I have contacted the emergency department for you. Can I have your address?
I do not know it. Can I have the hospitals phone number?
sure i have the phone number right here. But like i said i called them for you. here is the number 01223217118


I need your help in finding a particular restaurant. I don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately I don't even know the food served. I do know the name: [cafe uno].
Caffe Uno is an Italian restaurant at 32 Bridge Street.
That's it. I want to book a table for 4 people at [17:30] on Saturday.
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have anything available. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes. Try the same area and price range.
How about asian cuisine? It is an expensive restaurant located at 52 Mill Road in Centre.


Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from [London Liverpool Street] to [Club Salsa].
Before I can complete your request please let me know a departure and or arrival time. Thank you.
I can leave any time [after 01:30.] Can you send me the car type I can expect and the contact number?
You are all set. You will be picked up in a Blue Volvo at 1:45. The contact number is 07144891471. Do you need help with anything else?
That will be all for now. Thank you for your time!
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!


I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.
I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.
Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I need the location of a local hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you goodbye
You are very welcome. Please let us know if you anything else?


I'm needing a place to eat on the eastside.
Ok, there are nine places in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
Yes [italian] food please.
I recommend the [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton]. Its on Cambridge Retail Park, Newmarket Road. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I'll be there on tuesday with a party of 4. Is there space at [15:00]?
Reference number is : 6V0LTWHG . Anything else?
Yes, is the [Allenbell] hotel still in Cambridge?
Yes the Allenbell is in east Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
yes for 4 people staying 5 nights starting tues
Reference number is : BHWNFLG3 . Anything else?
No, I'm all good.
Okay, have a fantastic time!
Thanks so much. Goodbye.
Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve [thai] food.
[Sala Thong] is the only Thai restaurant in the west. It's expensive, but worth it. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I would like a reservation for 2 at [19:00] on Tuesday. Please provide a reference number.
Fantastic! Your reservation went through smoothly. Here is your reference number JJWEO8ZH . They will keep the table reserved for 15 minutes for you. Can I help with anything else?
Gosh, I'm so sorry! I don't want the reservation for the evening, I want Thai food for lunch. Do you have a table for 2 at [12:30] on Tuesday?
Yes, there is a table open for 12:30 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book a table for two.
Great News booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 mins and your reference number is JJWEO8ZH . Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! Could you help me find a swimmingpool please that is also in the west?
I'm sorry. There are no swimming pools in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
Can you try an entertainment attraction instead? Thanks.
[Whale of a Time] is a nice place they are in the west.
That sounds great, what is the postcode?
Whale of a time has a postcode of cb238el. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
And thank you for calling in, please take care and call if you need anything else.


Hi, I am looking for information on place to go.
What area of town are you interested in going to?
I would like to go to the centre of town
I would recommend [All Saints Church]. They are located on Jesus Lane.
I would like to go to a college. Do you have any colleges in the centre?
There are 13 colleges in the area ranging from free to several pounds admission. I'd suggest christ's college and it's free!
That sounds great, what's the postcode please?
The postal code is cb23bu.
I am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves [indian] food.
We have 14 restaurants matching your query. Do you have an area preference?
No can you just recommend your favorite to me please
I would suggest the [curry garden].
That sounds great! Please book it for Thurdsday, at [14:45], and for 3 people.
Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Okay. Well, how about [13:45]? Is that time available?
Your table is booked for [13:45], Ref#5VXVB79S . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great, I also need a taxi to go between the two!
A black ford will be picking you up before 13:45 the contact number is 07421810927 is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything I needed. Have a great night.
Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Before you go--I'm a bit confused. Is the taxi picking me up at the college? At what time? I need to make my reservation at 13:45.
Yes, it's picking you up there and taking you to the restaurant in time for your reservation.
Okay, thanks. I'm all set. Goodbye!
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town
Unfortunately there are no multiple sports locations in the centre of town.
Hmm, okay. Well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. Could you recommend one?
I can recommend [Christ's College]. Admission is free.
Sounds good. Could I get the phone number?
Absolutely. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. Parking doesn't matter.
I have found 9 hotels with free internet. Do you have a price range you are look for?
I would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.
Does the Gonville hotel work?
Is [Gonville hotel] in the town centre?
Gonville Hotel is in the "centre" area.
Does the hotel have a star rating of 0?
It has a rating of 3 stars.
I need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. For 3 people, 2 nights starting Thursday please.
How about the [El Shaddai]? It's at 41 Warkworth Street and it's cheap.
Okay let's try that.
It doesn't look like they have availability for a 2 night stay starting on Thursday. Would you like to book a shorter stay or start a different day?
How about just one night?
I was able to successfully book you for 3 people for a 1 night stay. Your reference number is 9ZKDXB08 . Is there anything else I can help with?
One more thing, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Will you be departing from El Shaddai Hotel to Christ's College? Also, when would you like the taxi to leave the hotel and arrive at the destination?
I would like the taxi to leave [Christ's College] by [01:30] and take me to the [El Shaddai].
I reserved a Blue Ford for you, contact number 07289393506. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's perfect. Thanks!
No problem. Glad you could help.


Can you tell me about the attractions in the center of town?
There are numerous attractions. We have museums, colleges, nightclubs are more! What are you interests?
Could you recommend a nice park?
The [Cambridge university botanic gardens] are very nice.
Oh, that sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?
Yes, it's 01223336265. Can I do anything else for you?
I am also looking for a hotel called [finches bed & breakfast]. What is the area, hotel type and price range?
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Enjoy your stay here !


Hello, I need a train to London Kings Cross [after 21:45,] please.
There are several going to kings cross, where are you departing from and when do you went to leave?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Monday.
TR2634 can get you there by 21:00 it is 23.60 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book it for one person.
Your reference number is M5L3KBEV . Do you need anything else?
Im also looking for a restaurant by the name of [bedouin].
Bedouin is a wonderful African restaurant in the center of town. It's a little expensive, but the food and service is outstanding.
can you book that for me.
Yes, I would be happy to do that for you. How many people would there be for that reservation?
Actually can i just have the phone number instead?
The phone umber for bedouin is 01223367660. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all the information I wanted. Thank you so much for all your help.
is there anything else i can help you with?
That should be it. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Hello! I'm looking for the Parkside Police Station. Do you know where that is? Any additional information would be helpful. Thank you!
Yes mam, the address is Parkside, Cambridge with a postcode of CB11JG.The phone number is 01223358966. Would you like any more info ?
No that is exactly what I needed. Thank you for your help.
Have a nice day!
Thanks, you too!
Thank you!


Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the Centre of town, please?
Yes the name of the hotel is [cityroomz] would you like me to book it for you?
Does it include free wifi
Yes. There is free wifi.
I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights please!
Certainly, when would you like to arrive?
Arriving on tuesday
I was able to book it, the reference number is JC2OYOAS
Alright, are there any moderately priced [indonesian] places nearby?
I'm sorry, but there are no Indonesian restaurants in Cambridge at any price point.
Okay, let's try [Chinese]. Are there any Chinese restaurants in the area that are also moderately priced?
Yes, I would suggest this one [jinling noodle bar].
Awesome can I get the address please?
The address is, 11 Peas Hill City Centre, Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok. I would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at [15:30]
You are all set, the reference number is JT0ZZVVL, can i assist with anything else?
Yes. I also need a taxi.
I would be happy to help you with that. Where will you need to be picked up at?
I'd like to be picked up at the hotel and arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Ok fantastic. Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Lexus and the contact number is 07413773624.
Thank you for your help!
Do you need any help with any thing else?
That's all I will be needing today, thank you.
Thank you for choosing our services. Good day!


i need to find a place to go in the west
There are several colleges and museums in the west and one entertainment venue. What are you interested in?
Can you tell me about a couple museums, any type, and let me know the cost.
cafe jello gallery is a nice place to visit. cambridge and county folk museum is nice too.
What is the entrance fee for [cafe jello gallery]?
Entrance into cafe jello gallery is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to eat near the attraction.
I found a nice restaurant for you called [Saint Johns Chop House]. It's not too pricey and tastes great!
Thank you! Is it a European restaurant?
It is a british restaurant. Does that meet your needs?
No I would like to find [European] restaurant.
There is the cambridge lodge restaurant, which is in the expensive price range. Address Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Is that located in the west? I forgot to mention I wanted to stay close to where the museum is.
Yes it is in the west. Do you need anything else?
Just the postcode. Thanks for all of your help!
the postcode is cb30af
Let's see...restaurant, museum...nope. That's everything I need!
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need a train to cambridge
Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Stevenage and I'll need to leave sometime after [21:15] if possible.
What is your day of travel and your preferred arrival time?
I'm working at leave on Wednesday after 21:15
Train TR3190 will depart at 21:54, would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great. I am also looking for a hotel. I would like to stay in the east side of town, and I do not need parking.
The only hotel in the area is a guesthouse called, a and b guest house. They are 4 stars.
No, I need a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I am sorry but there are no hotels in that area. [a and b guest house] has 4 stars. Would you like to give it a try?
The guesthouse will be ok, as long as it's rating is a star of 4.
Yes, indeed, the A and B guesthouse does have a 4 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Can I book 4 nights for 6 people on that same Wednesday?
You're all set, your reference number for the booking is UFVH6K6Y .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a great day too!


I am looking for a attraction called [whipple museum of the history of science].
That museum is in the centre of town on free school lane. Is there other information you are looking for?
How much is admission?
They offer free admission. Is there any other information I can provide for you?
Yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center
What type of food are you interested in eating?
I am interested in [Italian] food. However I just remembered, I need the phone number for Whipple Museum of History and Science please.
Their phone number is 01223330906.
There are a couple Italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. Would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?
Not at this time, could I just have the phone number of an expensive Italian restaurant?
I need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30
which day an time do i book?
Please reserve the restaurant for Saturday at [16:30] for 3 people.
I have booked a table for you at Clowns Cafe. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is WYVYSLFF . How else can I help?
I need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant. please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at [Clown]
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07915745196
That is everything, you were very helpful.
Thank you, enjoy your day


You can help by getting me a taxi to [curry king]
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I'd prefer to leave after [02:30]
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I want to be picked up from [holy trinity church]
Okay, I have a white lexus and the contact number is 07229542563. Is there anything else you need today?
Nothing else. You have been most helpful. Thank you and good bye.
Have a great day!


Is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town?
There are Mexican, italian, chinese and indian restaurants on the south part of town in the expensive price range. Do you have a particular type?
[Italian] sounds good. Can you give me an address and phone number?
The phone number for Frankie and Bennys is 01223 412430. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you and goodbye.


Can you help me find the nearest police station? I was just robbed!
Parkside police station phone number 01223358966 and is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and postcode as well please.
Of course, my apologies, the address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG.
Thanks, I will call right away.
no problem! let me know if there is anything else i can do to help
You've helped enough. Thanks so much!
You are welcome. I hope they are able to help you.


Hi. I am trying to find some information on a restaurant called [India House]. Have you heard of it?
India House serves Indian food in the west of town and is expensive. Their phone number is 0122346166. Can I help with anything else?
Great can you book a table for one person at [12:00] on sunday?
I'm sorry, they don't have an opening at 12:00. Would you like to try a different time or day?
Sure, let's try for [11:00], same day.
I was able to book your table on Sunday at 11:00 for 1. The reference number is FRGW4OO2 .
Thanks. That covers it then!
I'm so happy we could help you out today. Enjoy your meal in Cambridge!


I need a place to stay. A guesthouse would be great.
Is there a certain side of town you want to be on?
No not necessarily. I would like place moderately priced that includes free wifi and also free parking.
I show several hotels that meet those criteria. What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
6 people for 5 nights starting saturday please.
I have that reservation made at the Acorn guest house for 5 nights. 6 people and you guys will arrive on Saturday
May I have the reference code please?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Yes, please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a hotel instead of a guesthouse, if possible.
I was able to successfully book you at [Ashley Hotel]. The address is 74 chesterton road. The reference number is GINRZ444 .
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks again.
Okay. Enjoy your stay.


I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
[Cityroomz] is a hotel that matches that requirement, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north and in the moderate price range?
No it is not. [Avalon] guesthouse is in the north and in the moderate price range though. It also has free wifi. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds fine. I'd like a room for next Friday and Saturday night. Can you book that?
May I ask how many people will be staying in the room with you?
I would like to book it for 4 people
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Yes. A different hotel in the same price range would be fine.
I would also recommend archway house would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, [archway house] sounds like a good idea. Please check.
Booking was sucessful. Your reference number is IAH92T2M .
Thank you, that's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train for Thursday please. Get me one that arrives by [13:45]
sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge. Leaving from Stevenage. Can you tell me about this?
Sure! TR1661 will leave at 11:54 and arrive by 12:43. Do you require more information or do you want book now?
Could you tell me the price for a ticket, and the typical travel time?
The train ride is 49 minutes and it will cost 12.80 pounds.
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced [vegetarian] restaurant, please?
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any vegetarian restaurants at all. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
Ok, try the [asian oriental] food then.
Ok the only one is [Yippee Noodle Bar]. Would you like for me to book a table?
Sure! I'll need a booking for 5 at [18:45] on Thursday.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is MZZNA6KZ . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help.
Any time. I was happy to help.
You are doing a great job! That's all I needed.
Thank you for using our system today!


Hi there! I'm searching for a relatively cheap [Portuguese] restaurant here in Cambridge, do you have any recommendations?
The Nandos City Centre has some excellent food and is located in the centre of town if you are interested. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No, I would like a place that's in the south part of town. Is there one of those?
There is another Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town called Nandos, would you like a reservation there?
May I have the address and postcode of Nandos, please?
Certainly, Nando's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Can I book this for you, and if so how many people will be dining?
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge?
Sure, could you provide what destination you're looking for and which day you'd like to depart on?
I would like to depart on Monday and head to Birmingham.
I'm sorry, but my system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your train requirements? Thanks.
Actually, I need to leave from Cambridge Saturday after [09:45] and go to Birmingham New Street. May I have the arrival time, train ID, and price, please?
We have 14 entries that match your criteria. Do you have a preference there?
Could I have the arrival time, train ID and price for a train leaving as close to 0945 as possible
The TR7683 train leaves cambridge at 10:01 on saturday. It arrives at birmingham new street at 12:44 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
Okay thank you! That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
I love the acorn guest house. Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the [Acorn] first?
It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?
What kind of price would you like to pay? I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.
The [allenbell] guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?
They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X . Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by [14:00].
TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?


Are there any museums in Cambridge?
There are about 23 different museums to choose from. To help narrow it down, do you have a part of town you prefer to visit?
I'd like information of [cambridge museum of technology]. What is their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223368650. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I have their address?
The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range.
I found 110 restaurants. Please tell me what type of food you like to help narrow the search so i can best serve you.
I'm thinking [british] food. oh, and if it's in the west that'd be even better.
There is [Saint Johns Chop House] that meets your criteria, would you like me to book it?
Sounds great! I want to book a table for 7 people at [18:30] on wednesday.
Great your booking was successful and they will hold your table for 15mins your reservation number is O447NKTY . Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.
I can do that! I just need your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I'd like to leave the museum in time to get to the restaurant on time.
Okay, you have a car that will come get you. It will be a blue BMW.
What is their contact number?
The contact number is 07601724141. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's everything for me. Thanks. Bye!
You are welcome! Bye!


I would like a cheap restaurant in the east!
As far as cheaper restaurants, I only have one available that's located in the east. It's called the Missing Sock and serves international food. Would you like more information?
That sounds good. Please give me more information.
Sure the missing sock is in the east, serves cheap food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the address and post code please.
The Missing Sock is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Postcode cb259aq.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


Are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?
Yes, there are 21 places found. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer something in the north. And a guesthouse would be better.
I have eight places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, but free wifi and four star please.
The [Acorn Guest House] is a nice 4 star guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book a room?
Please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from friday.
You've been successfully booked and your reference number is TJZMY6L9 . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the north.
I found two cheap places in the north. 1 indian on Victoria Ave and 1 italian at 20 Milton Rd both in Chesterton. Is that all?
Let's try the [Italian] one. Can I get the postcode and phone number for it, too?
Da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thank you for all your help today.
Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.
Enjoy your stay!


I was hoping to book lodging in the [Cambridge Belfry].
What a great choice! They are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. To get your booking done, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
Yes, beginning on Monday, for 5 people and four nights. Thanks!
Alright! I have your stay booked. The reference number is: SR4S164V . Anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a train going to Stevenage the train needs to arrive by [13:30]
What day are you going? How many tickets would you like?
Friday, going to cambridge. 5 tickets, please.
train TR3043 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would do. Can you also tell me the travel time?
Travel time is 49 minutes. You have a booking for 5 on TR3043. Total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station. Ref# 9PACW4O . Anything else you need?
No. That's all I need for now. Thanks.
Thank you! Have a great day and good bye!


Can you tell me the location of an [Indian] restaurant in the centre?
Cambridge has several centrally located Indian restaurants, what price range are you looking for?
In the cheap price range.
There are 3 restaurants in this range. Kohinoor on Mill Road, the gandhi on Regent Street, and mahal of cambridge on Millers Yard Mill Lane. Do any of these sound good?
[The Gandhi] sounds good. Can you book that for 2 people please?
What day and time would you like your reservation?
I would like the reservation at [14:00] on Wednesday.
OK, you have a table for 2 at The Gandhi on Wednesday at 14:00. Reference number is : C64LQ6ZX . Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on thursday.
There are 19 trains that day. Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I just need it to leave after [13:30]. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for the first train after 13:30?
Sure - TR9360 departs cambridge at 14:01, arriving birmingham new street at 16:44. The total travel time is 163 minutes, and the price is 75.10 GBP per ticket.
Fantastic. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our service, contact us anytime you need assistance in the future!


Please find me a taxi? I'm at the [el shaddai] and I need to arrive by [21:15].
Okay. I will need your destination first.
I'm going to [cocum].
I have a white bmv with a contact number of 07785490051.
That will be fine, thank you very much.
What else can I do for you today?
I am finished. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
There are a total of 9 hotels currently that match your descriptions. Is there a certain price range or are location you need the hotel to be in?
it should be in the moderate price range
The 2 hotels in the north have 2 stars. The one hotel in the centre has 0 stars.
Okay, it needs to be 4 stars. What about Guesthouses?
Unfortunately there are none in the moderate price range. Would you perhaps consider an expensive price?
how about a guesthouse instead?
There are several 4-star guesthouses with wi-fi in the moderate price range. Would you prefer to stay in the east or the northern part of town?
It doesn't matter to me what part of town it's in. What's your favorite?
I do like the [Avalon]. It's a very nice place and it fits your requirements.
Ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 3 nights starting Tuesday?
2UOVP3E0 is your confirmation, may I get you anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. Bye.
I glad we could help. Have a great day.


i need places to go in town
What did you have in mind?
Do you happen to have any entertainment places in the centre of town to visit?
We have museums, colleges, and interesting architecture, as well as many other choices in the center of town.
Any type will do, as long as its in the centre. Can you recommend something?
[Ballare], a beautiful new nightclub just opened up in the center. Entrance is just 5 pounds, would you like more information on Ballare?
Yes, can I have their address with postcode?
The postal code is cb23na and the address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I assist you further?
Yes, can I please have car type and contact number?
It seems like you are asking for a taxi. Where are you departing from and where is your destination, please?
Yes, sorry for the confusion. I want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at [05:00] and my destination is [Ballare]. Please give me car type and contact number
Sorry, you'll need to be more clear on your departure site please. Is there a specific hotel you're looking for?
Something in the same neighborhood, and that has wifi and parking.
I have 4 locations in the centre of town with free parking and WiFi. Would you like to book one?
I am looking for a guesthouse if there is one?
[Alexander Bed and Breakfast] meets your requirements. Can I book a room for you?
Yes on Friday. I need a taxi too.
Will that be to or from the club and what time?
I want to leave the hotel by [05:00].
Your all set a blue bmw will be picking you up at 5 the contact number is 07398420565, is there anything else today?
Thanks so much you have been a great help to me.
You are welcome have a great stay.


I am looking for activities tomorrow within the town.
Great! There are lots of things to do here! Did you have a certain activity in mind?
No, I was hoping to get some suggestions for places near the center of town.
I have a lot of options for you, what are you interested in - for example, architecture, museums, entertainment venues, churches?
How about a church? Are there any with free admission?
I'm afraid I don't have any churches in my directory. Is there something else you'd like? There are a number of free museums.
Sure, can you recommend me one?
How about the [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology]?
That sounds great! Can I get their address and phone? And is there a fee to get in?
Of course. It's free to get in. The phone number is 0122333516 and their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street.
Thanks. I also need to find a cheap restaurant in the same area.
i have 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. what type of cuisine would you like?
[Hmmm...malaysian] is sounding pretty good right now.
I'm sorry, there are no Malaysian restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
how about [italian], book a table for 5 at [11:30] on tuesday, and I need the reference number
I have booked a table for you at [Ask] and your reference number is X9V8FWH8 .
Thank you for your help that's all I need today.
Great if you need further assistance, you can always contact us.


I need a train to Ely after [08:15], please.
What day would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Cambridge on Wednesday, please.
There are no trains on Wednesday.
I need you to check again. Train from Ely to Cambridge.
OK, the earliest train after 08:15 is the 09:50 to Cambridge. It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Would you like to book seats?
Sounds great, what is the price and arrival time?
It will cost you 4.40 pounds and it arrives by 10:07.
Thanks! I'm also looking for someplace to eat in the center of town. Something in the moderate price range.
What type of food would you like to eat?
Type of food doesn't matter, what would you prefer?
I recommend [cotto]. It has British cuisine. Would you like reservations?
Yes, there will be 4 of us on Wednesday at [11:00]. Please book.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is KOSM5AJ9 .
Awesome, thanks for all your help! Good day
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


i need a place to stay
What's your price range?
I need a hotel with free parking
There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further with price range or area?
should be in the east with free wifi
[express by holiday inn cambridge] fits your criteria. can we book?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.
I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you so much. May I also have the reference number once you have booked it?
OK, 8 guests arriving Monday for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 2KDNB1WO . Can I assist you with anything else?


Can you help me book some train tickets?
Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stortford at 12:45 on thursday.
You would like to leave bishops stortford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?
Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?


I need the name and phone number for a [cantonese] restaurant on the west side of town.
Do you have any preference regarding price range?
No.
There are no Cantonese restaurants located in West. Are you interested in another type of cuisine?
[Vietnamese] sounds good.
[Thanh Binh] is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
YES PLEASE AND THE ADDRESS AS WELL.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you good bye.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help you out! What would you like to see?
Well, I actually need a place to stay.
ok did you need an attraction ?
Yes, please. I am looking for a boat type of attraction.
Yes I have several in the center and one in the north and east. Any preferences?
No preference. Which one do you recommend?
The Riverboat Georgina you may like. It has passenger cruises and more.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to cambridge departing birmingham new street.
What day would you like to leave?
i want to leave friday, after [10]
Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.
The TR0044 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, could you please book that for me. I need one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UFTQBOZS . What else can I help you with today?
That is all, have a great day.
Thank you, you too.


I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east.
There are 3 moderately priced restaurants on the east side. Do you prefer Indian or Italian food?
Is there one with [unusual] food?
No, I'm afraid Indian or Italian are the only options.
Ok, tell me whats available in [Indian] food.
For indian food, I have the Curry Prince restaurant and Rajmahal. They are both moderately priced and located in the east. Can I tell you more about one of those?
Yes. Give me the address and postcode for one of those, please.
The address and postcode for Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58jj. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
Enjoy! Goodbye!


I need help finding a place to eat called [curry garden].
Curry garden is an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes can I make a reservation for 1 people at [16:15] on wednesday?
I'm sorry, there are no available tables at that time. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant?
How about a different place to eat in the same area and price range? Can you book it and I need the reference number.
I have booked the [Kymmoy] restaurant for 1 at 16:15 pm on Wednesday. It is an expensive asian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation number is N08TP996 .
Wonderful, thank you. That is all I need for today. Bye.
Your welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives at the destination after [13:00].
I will be happy to find one for you. What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and want to leave from peterborough.
I have a 13:17 or a 15:17? would those departure times work for you?
No I need an earlier train.
I'm afraid that's all we've got.
I'm sorry I may have confused you. I would want to go from Petersborough to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive by 13:00, so anything that will get me there before that.
Sure, when would you like to depart?
It doesn't matter. I just need to get to Cambridge before [13:00]. I will need 5 seats please.
The TR5538 departs Peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38 with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket on this train, or should we look at some other times?
That sounds perfect, can you book that for 5 people for me, please?
Booked! You pay 66 GBP at the station. Reference number: Z66EG4L8 .
You've been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


What fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town?
Not sure about fancy, but if you are looking for expensive we have grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori.
Do any of them serve [Chinese] food? That's what I'm in the mood for.
Yes! Yu Garden is a wonderful Chinese restaurant that will meet your needs. Would you like a table there, or perhaps just the address?
Yes, the address, postcode and phone number would help.
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The post code is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Thank you very much for your help!
You're welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
You are welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye!


I'm looking for information on parks in Cambridge.
I have about 5 different parks available. Is there an area of the city you would prefer?
No preference really. Can you suggest one and provide me with the address please?
I recommend the [Milton Country Park] at milton country park, milton.
Thanks, what is the address?
The address is milton country park, milton. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes I am looking for a train on Saturday from Kings Lynn to Cambridge, departing after [21:15].
What day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving Saturday. I need a price and arrival time, please.
I would suggest Train ID TR8331 which leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11. The price is 7.84 pounds and the duration is 47 minutes.
That's all I need. Thanks!
Your train was booked, this is the reference number : S8DQMEDD . Have a great day!


do you have information about attractions in the west?
I have 13 entries for attractions in the west. Do you have a type of attraction you're interested in?
I don't care as long as it is in the west.
I recommend [queens' college] that is located in the West. Their address is silver street.
What attraction type is that? I am also interested in finding a restaurant in the west as well.
It is a college, the admission fee is 2.50 pounds. What type of cuisine would you like to dine on in the west?
i would love [indian] food, preferable in the expensive price range.
I have many in that price range. Would you like me to choose for you?
yes reserve a table for 1 at [19:30] on sunday please
I booked you at the [Tandoori Palace] and your reference is LP0O0N8L .
That's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.
Thank you for using our service today.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge looking for a restaurant.
I can help with that. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I am interested in [Indian] food in an expensive price range.
[Curry garden] has some expensive Indian food if you would like that.
Sounds great! Can I get a table for 4 on Saturday?
Sure. What time would you like to dine?
We would like to dine at [14:00]
Great I was able to do it, reference number is W7WSG821 .
i also want a train on sunday and should go to peterborough
Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after [11:15], please.
TR9376 leaves at 11:34, arriving 12:24. The fare is 13.20 pounds. WOuld you like me to book the ticket?
No thank you. I just need the travel time please.
It is a 50 minute journey filled with adventure and awe. Can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
Your welcome. Have a nice day and don't hesitate to call back.


I need a train departing Cambridge and I need it to arrive by [21:00]
Where are you headed to? And what day are you traveling?
Looking to go to Stansted Airport on Sunday
I have TR5009 leaving at 18:40 and arriving by 19:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
book for one person please.
I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is 642J5XG0 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you give me information about the [riverboat georgina]?
The riverboat georgina is currently docked on the Northend at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, postcode cb43ax. Their phone is: 01223902091. I have no info on their entrance fee. Anything else?
No, thanks. You answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Have a good day.


I need to book a train to Cambridge please and thank you.
I'd be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on sunday and departing from london kings cross.
What time will yiu be leaving?
I don't have a leave time but I want to arrive by [20:15].
Okay, there is an 11:17 that will get you there by 12:08. Or there are a few earlier trains if you want to get there sooner.
Yes, that would be ok with me. How long is the travel time for that train?
The travel time is 51 minutes, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I would like to find a place to stay, please.
Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel? What area do you prefer?
any area but ut has have free parking and a 1 star
I'm afraid I am not showing any options with one star and free parking. Can you give me more options to look at?
I need free wifi as well.
I was unable to find a hotel to your specifications. However, there are three hotels in town that have 2 stars. One is expensive, and two are moderately priced.
How about a 4 star hotel?
How about [acorn guest house]? It's lovely!
That sounds great. Can you help me book it for 3 nights please?
Sure! What night would you like to start the reservation?
The same day as the train reservation.
And is it just you or will you be traveling with someone else?
No, unfortunately I'm traveling alone this trip.
Unfortunately, I am having trouble with that booking. Is there another day or hotel you are interested in?
How about on saturday?
I'm sorry but I can not book for saturday either.
Can we try a different day or a different hotel?
How about the [alexander bed and breakfast]?
Can you book it for 7 people for 3 nights please?
Okay I can arrange that for you. I just want to confirm that you want the reservation for Sunday?
That is correct
I am sorry, but I am unable to book that for you. Can we try a different place?
Can you please try to book for Saturday instead?
I'm sorry but the reservation isn't available for that day. Would you like to try a different day or location?
Can you try for Saturday?
Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Is there a different 4 star hotel available?
Yes, the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse in the east with 4 stars, would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?
Good news, that original place we talked about Acorn Guest house, the booking went through, the reservation umber is JI5OJNRX, any other questions?
Thank you that will be all I need.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!


