Hi, I'm looking for places to visit. Mainly in the western part.
I would be happy to help you with that! We have colleges, museums, and entertainment attractions in that area. Which would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction. Do they have entrance fees?
Whale of a Time is the only attraction I see for that area. There is no entrance fee listed, but the phone is 01954781018.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave on Monday.
There are a number of trains leaving from Cambridge on Monday, is there a specific destination and time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at Leicester by [17:45]. And what was that postcode for [Whale of a Time] again?
TR5465 arrives Leicester at 17:06. Would that work for you? And the postcode for Whale of a time is cb238el.
Yes, I would like to make a booking for 8 people.
Okay your booking was a success and your reference number is L1ZY1OJE, is there anything else you need today?
Just want to make sure, that reference number is for the train, TR5465?
That is correct. It departs cambridge at 15:21 and arrices in leicester at 17:06 on Monday.
postcode, phone number, and area
I do not have the postcode, phone number, and area for the train station. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you for all your help. You have a great day.
You have a wonderful day yourself!


I'm looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the west end of Cambridge.
There are 6 results for Indian restaurants in the west, what price range are you looking for?
I do not have a preference, so surprise me!
I recommend [cocum] as they are good.
Nice! I would like to make a reservation for 3 on Thursday at [11:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FGM5WP19 .
Can I also book a train please?
What time would you like the train to leave?
The train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by [08:30].
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No, just Thursday is the day I need it.
There are five trains leaving Peterborough and going to Cambridge on Thursday. The last one leaves at 7:19 and arrives at 8:09. Is this one you'd like to book?
That's perfect, though I don't want to book it just yet. Can you give me the travel time, price, and train ID please?
The train ID is TR7094. It takes 50 minutes to get from Peterborough to Cambridge. The price is 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed, thank you
You're welcome, have a lovely day!


Hi, I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.
I found 12 hotels that match your description. Would you like a specific price range?
I would like a guesthouse that has free parking.
I would suggest the [acorn guest house], would you like more info on it?
Yes can you tell me the address please?
Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, shall I book you a room?
Not now, thanks. I do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after [17:30].
I'd be happy to assist you in finding a train to Cambridge. May I please get your place of departure and on which day you wish to travel?
Departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday
Can I book you for train TR9408?
Yes, book for 2 people. And I need the reference number too pleases.
No thank you that will be all


I am looking for a restaurant serving [malaysian] food.
There are no Malaysian restaurants in this area.
I am also looking for a restaurant serving [asian oriental] food.
I have found several restaurants serving Asian Oriental food. What area of town do you prefer?
I don't care.
Does the price range matter?
I don't care
Might I suggest the [Dojo Noodle Bar]. They are located in the centre of town and they are cheap. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address too.
Dojo Noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for dojo noodle bar is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
No, that will be all. Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome. Good bye and have a great day!
You, too.
Thanks!


I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.
Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.
When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [21:15].
I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH . What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.
Sure thing, I would suggest this one [acorn guest house].
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG . Will that be all for today?
Yes that was all I needed thank you so much.
You are welcome and have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I need to find a train from ely to cambridge.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday.
When would you like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday?
I really just need to leave after [15:45]. The arrival time doesn't really matter.
should i book it for you?
Yes for 5. All I would need is the reference number.
I have booked 5 tickets for you on TR6645. Your reference number is SZYJ90EL . What else can I assist with?
Thanks for being so helpful! I appreciate your time. I'm all set now.
You're very welcome, I am so glad to have been of service! Have a wonderful day now, bye!


i want to book a taxi.
Ok, where are you leaving from?
I need to go from [rajmahal] to [queen's college] at [1:30], please.
I have booked you a car. It will be a white Skoda. The contact number is 07861610827. May I assist you with something else?
Thanks that's all. Have a good one.
Thank you. Have a good day!


I am looking for college attractions in the centre.
We have 13 colleges in the centre, and most have free entry, such as Christ's College.
Great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of [Christ's college]?
Of course, the phone number is 01223334900, and the post code is cb23bu.
Also want to find someplace to eat. Want to be in the cheap price range and in the same area of town.
How About Chinese?
I was thinking more on the lines of [afghan] food. Do you have any listings for that?
I am afraid I don't. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Could you check fr [mediterranean] please?
The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town, would you like to make a reservation?
I will need it for three, [at noon], on Thursday.
I am sorry, but [the Gardenia] does not have any openings for noon on Thursday for 3 people. Would you like for me check a different time for you?
How about at [11:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RBZGP3RX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.
you are welcome to use our services anytime.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
Do you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't. I just need free parking and 4 stars.
Okay, how about the [Allenbell]? It's got 4 stars and free parking.
That sounds good. Give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address
Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side of town. Its address is 517A Coldham Lane. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, could you tell me about your museums?
We have many fine museums in town. My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to get in!
could you give me the postcode and phone number.
The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112, the postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you!
Thanks! Have a great trip!


Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking. Internet is not important.
Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel
I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by [08:15].
London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?


I'd like a taxi to take me to [the missing sock] and need to be there by [14:15]
Ok. What is your departure site?
I'll be leaving from [a and b guest house] please.
I have booked you a yellow audi, the contact number is 07771726102. Will there be anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
Glad to help. Goodbye!


Find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by [20:15].
The TR3112 arrives at 05:58. Will that work?
Is it on Saturday?
I'd suggest TR7604, it departs at 19:11 on saturday and arrives by 19:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I definitely would. Can I please have the confirmation number as well?
How many people will be traveling?
No, that's ok. No need to book it, but can you tell me the price of the ticket?
The price per ticket on the TR7604 is 7.84 pounds. Can I assist you further today?
I want to book a room at the [el shaddai] for 4 people 4 nights starting tuesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9DOLSR1S . anything else today?
Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I would like to book a hotel in Cambridge. Is there any availability at the [Autumn House]?
When would you like to visit autumn house?
Yes. Book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.
I have your party of 6 booked at Autumn House for 4 nights starting Thursday, your reference number is 4ZZ358JU . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I would like to leave Thursday.
No problem. Where are you leaving from?
Ely. Oh and I'll need to arrive by [9].
I have the TR7745 leaving ely at 7:35 and arriving at 7:52. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, for the same group of 6.
Your train has been booked. Your reference number is RSOJO37T . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so. I think that does it. Have a great night. Bye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I am trying to book a train.
What an excellent way to see the beautiful countryside. What other information can you give me?
I want to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Thursday after [09:45].
I see that there are 8 trains available. What about TR2715 that leaves at 09:59?
I would like price, please
Certainly. Any ticket on that route is going to cost 16.60 pounds.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the expensive price range.
There are no hotels in Cambridge that are expensive with a 0 star rating. Would you like to change either the price range or the star rating?
There's nothing in the north?
I do have [City Centre North B and B] in the north. It's in the cheap price range with 0 stars. Might that work for you?
Yeah, I think that would be all right.
Can I assist you with making a reservation there?
Yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting Saturday.
unfortunately this b&b is booked for those dates, is there another day or shorter time that would work? Or should we search another area?
Are there in hotels in the north with a 2 star rating?
There are no cheap hotels in that area with 2 stars. Can I check for a guesthouse for you or would you like another area?
I would prefer you to check another area, please.
I can not find anything that meets that criteria. We can change the price range or the star rating and search again if you like?
Can you search for one that is cheap in price then?
Nothing is rated 2 stars in any part of the city, what specifically would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range with other restrictions retained.
No matching records for that. How about we change the star rating?
Are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the north?
Yes, there is [city centre north b and b], would you like me to book you?
Can you book that for 8 people for 1 night since 5 nights did not work earlier?
City Centre North B and B was available for Saturday night for your party of 8. Your reference number is D5Q373D5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be it. Thank you
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I need to find a train leaving Cambridge and going to Ely. Can you help?
I can help! There are many options
I need to leave on Friday and arrive by [21:45].
There is the TR6053 that arrives by 20:07. Do you want me to book it?
What's the travel time on that one?
You can book TR6053 since it is only a 17 minute trip. Thank you
What time does that train leave Cambridge? I also need a place to stay in Ely, with free parking and free wifi?
The train leaves ely at 19:50. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Really makes no difference to me as long as its on the North side of town
I have about 11 different places so far. Do you have a certain price range in mind? That may help narrow it down some.
I will take any suggestions you have.
The hamilton lodge is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
Can you confirm if the [hamilton lodge] has both free parking and free wifi?
Yes, the hamilton lodge has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book?
No, not today. I just needed information.
No problem, anything else besides the hotel and train today?
no that is all thanks
You are welcome. It was a pleasure serving you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'd like to find a museum to visit
Sure, do you want to be in a certain area?
I don't have a preference. I do need the area, address and postcode.
Can I recommend [broughton house gallery]?
That would be great. Can you provide me with the area, address, and postcode please?
Sure thing! Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street in Centre and the postcode is cb11In. Can I help you further today?
Yes, I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the South.
I did happen to find 1 hotel that will meet your needs. It is called the [Lensfield Hotel]. They are expensive and 3 star rated. Shall I reserve a room?
Yes please, for 4 people for 3 nights
What day do you want to check in?
I will get there on Saturday.
I have your rooms booked! What else can I do?
I need a reference number for the hotel.
Reference number is 26OVK8Q2 .
Thanks! I will need a taxi, too, please. I'd to leave the hotel by [10:30] to head to the gallery.
You will be picked up by a blue audi. their contact number is 07805502716
Great! That is all I needed, thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm trying to get a taxi please
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to leave after [05:45]
Okay, great. And where will you be traveling to and from?
The pick up place will be [wandlebury country park] and the drop off at [curry prince]
Alright, you are all set - your car is a grey bmw, contact number 07365045410
That's great, thank you for your help.
Thank you too. I hope you have a great day.


i want to find a hospital in town
The local hospital is Addenbrookes it phon eis 01223245151.
Thanks, can I get the postcode?
Sure. The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you that is all I needed
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.
There are two cheap places in the south. [The Lucky Star] serves Chinese food, and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Which do you prefer?
Either will work. I would like to book a table for 2 people at [13:25] on Monday.
I have booked a table for two at The Lucky Star on Monday at [13:15]. Your reference number is X2YXZ9P . Anything else?
Thanks. Could you also find a museum to go to in town?
Byard Art is close and is free. It is at 14 Kings Parade.
am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum.
Byard Art is near where you will be eating. The entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you tell me the postcode for [Byard Art]?
Sure! There is no entrance fee to byard art. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i'll need a taxi
I can help you with that. I'll need to know your departure site and destination. You can also tell me the departure time and arrival time.
I'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please. I'll need the taxi to get from the museum to [Lucky Star] in time for my booking.
Which museum will you be attending?
You are the one that suggested Byard art. Remember?
sorry about that. Booking completed! Booked car type : blue lexus Contact number : 07150432273 anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?


I was just robbed! Please help! I need to contact the police.
The local police stations telephone number is 01223358966.
May I have the address and postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG, but I do not have an address listed.
Are you sure there's no address?
The address I have is Parkside, Cambridge.
That is all I needed thank you.
Good luck and hope you have a better day.


Hi, I have a business meeting and I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city centre.
Sure, I can help you with that. Did you have any specific requirements?
I'm sure [Moroccan] food will impress my clients. Are there any restaurants that serve it?
Unfortunately you won't be able to impress your clients. We don't have any Moroccan restaurants in town. Do you want to look for something else?
Can you search for [British] food instead?
Yes, there are several. Would you like an expensive one such as Fitzbillies to impress your clients?
Yes, please book a reservation at [Fitzbillies] for 4 people at [13:30] on wednesday. Oh! Can I please get the reference number?
Okay your booking was successful and you reference number is 9H9V7J2Z .
Thank you. I also need info on a college to visit in the town centre. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.
[Corpus christi] college located at king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh.
Great thanks, what is their entrance fee and phone number?
their phone number is 01223338000 and the admission is 2 pounds
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.
Goodbye! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. Suggestions?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and Peking restaurant service Chinese. The Taj Tandoori serve Indian, Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant, and Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant.
Okay, please make a reservation at [Frankie and bennys] for 8 people at [18:30] on Friday.
Ok I have book you the restaurant for 18:30 friday they will reserve the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OKHX70US
I also need info on a hotel called the [Kirkwood house].
The Kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. It also has free parking and wifi
Thank you for all your help today I think that is everything. Goodbye.
Okay great, have a good day!
Okay, thanks, bye!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for a park in the south part of town.
I have 2 parks to choose from. Both are free to get in. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Which do you prefer?
What's the address for [Wandlebury]? May I have their phone number, too?
Wandlebury Country Park is located on the Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, in Babraham. Their phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, you've answered all of my questions. Thanks so much. Bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time at Wandlebury!


I want to find some information about a hotel called [alexander bed and breakfast].
Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel.


I am looking for a [mexican] restaurant in south cambridge
There is a restaurant called Chiquito Restaurant Bar that is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address?
Yes. Actually can you make a booking for me?
What day,number guests and time of day you would like to dine?
Actually, can you just send me the address?
Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
I am needing a place to stay with a star of 3 and free wifi please.
There are several options that meet your criteria, what is your price range and what area are you looking for?
i need something cheap
I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Do you have an expensive hotel that meets my other criteria?
Sure. There are two. The [Gonville Hotel], and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Either of those sounds great. There will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Can you book that, please?
I am unable to book either of those options. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Darn. Why don't we try booking it for tuesday instead then?
I think the system is down, I am unable to make any bookings.
Is the system back up now?
I can try to book it again.
That would be great, thank you.
I booked you at the gonville, your reference number is J782KUH9, anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.
Sure thing, do you have a type of food you'd like or a specific area you'd like to eat in?
The restaurant should be in the south, and should serve [eastern European] food if there is a restaurant like that.
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Can I help with anything else?
How about [Portugese]?
There is one, shall I book it for you?
What price range is that one?
This is a cheap one.
I need a table for 4 at [19:30] on Thursday. If that time is unavailable, please reserve for 18:30.
I have booked you a table for four people on Thursday at 19:30 at [nandos]. The reference number is X15NtNNN . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the information that I needed. Thank you for your time.
Thanks for using our helpline. Hope you have a great day.
Thank you! You too! Good Bye.
Bye, and have a great time at nandos!


I need to book a taxi from [Kings college] to [Pizza express Fen Ditton] sometime after [17:15]. I need the car type and contact number please.
Okay, I have successfully booked the taxi for you. It is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07607911761.
Thank you! That will be all!
It was a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the north.
Are you looking for a specific hotel? Also what type of hotel are you looking for?
Hm, maybe something moderately priced? With free wifi?
The [avolon] would feet your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like it to start Monday and be for 5 nights for 4 people. Can I get the reference number?
I have booked you a room here is the information-Booking was successful. Reference number is : CZQ8CCGZ . Any thing else I can help you with?
I also need a train heading to cambridge on monday as well
Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving kings lynn after [13:15].
I have train TR2257 leaving at 14:11 and arriving at 14:58. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you!
Okay, thank you! Enjoy your trip.
Thank you too!
Bye Bye.


Hi! Can you please help me? I'm looking for information on [Great Saint Mary's Church].
Yes I can! Great Saint Mary's Church is located in the center of town at Market Square in postcode cb23pq. The entry fee is 2 pounds.
Thanks very much, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.
Okay. Let us know if you need more help.


I need a train to cambridge for tuesday. Would you be able to help?
What time do you want to depart by and where from?
I need the train to leave after [9:30] from London Liverpool Street.
Are you leaving in the morning or the evening?
I am leaving at 9:30. That is in the morning.
There is a train leaving at 9:39. Would that work?
Do you have anything leaving [after 9:30?]
There is TR5691 leaving at 11:39 today. It is 88 minutes and costs 16.60 pounds.
When does that train arrive?
The train arrives by 13:07.
Could I have the phone number please?
I'm sorry there is no phone number for that train.
Oh! Right. I need a phone number for a restaurant. A [Chinese] place, in the south, and on the cheap if possible.
The Lucky Star is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the south.The phone number is 01223244277. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No, thank you. That was all I needed today.
Alright. I hope you have a great day!


I'm looking for information on a restaurant called [La Margherita].
Sure, it's a cheap Italian place in the west at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af. Their phone is 01223315232. How else may I assist you?


I'm looking for a museum in the south.
The Byard Art is in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, thank you. May I have their phone number?
The phone number is 01223464646.
Can I also have the postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge that will leave after [08:30]. It should leave on Thursday, and I want to travel to Bishops Stortford.
I have 8 trains leaving after 08:30. The first one leaves at 09:29. Would you like me to book it?
Can I just get the price on that one?
The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
Let me know if I can be of further assistance.


I want to get a taxi and leave at [345]. I need to go to [saigon city].
Ok, what is your departure site?
I need to be picked up at [all saints church], please.
Booking is complete, a grey volvo will be picking you up.
Could you give me the contact number for the taxi?
Sure, the contact number is 07640034506. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it for now. Thanks!
Glad to help. Have a great day!


I'm are looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should leave after [10:15]
What day would you like to depart?
It will be Sunday, from peterborough to cambridge, I will need the price of the ticket as well.
The closest match I have is the TR8509. It leaves at 10:19.
That sounds good. What is the train fare, please?
It costs 13.20 pounds. Do you need any other information?
No that is all. Thanks for your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day.


I need to find a restaurant in the center of town. A place offering [Vietnamese] food, if possible.
There are no vietnamese locations in the centre of town.
really, it should be expensive.
There is a cheap vietnamese restaurant on the west side, but that is all.
How about [turkish] food?
There is one expensive Turkish eatery in city centre; [Meze Bar] Restaurant. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes and I need a confirmation number thank you
What day would you like to book for?
I'm not sure yet, can I have the phone number and postcode so I can book the table?
Meze Bar Restaurant is located in the cb13nf zip code, but there is no phone number listed. Would you like the address?
No, I would like to check out going to a boat.
What area would you like this in?
It doesn't matter to me.
I have 4 entries that fit. Would you like a couple numbers, so you can call and get more info? Unfortunately, no entrance fees are listed.
No, thanks. Please just select one for me and then let me know the area and address.
riverboat georgina is in the north. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I get you anything else today?
I also need a taxi. Can you help with that?
Sure, where would you liked to be picked up?
I want to leave the [Riverboat Georgina] by [23:30], please.
What would be your destination please?
The [acorn guest house] please.
Your taxi has been booked. It is a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07308344442. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.
Alright. Have a good day now.


I would like some information on an attraction called [Clare Hall]. If you could provide address and cost of admission that would be great.
The Cost of Clare Hall is free, so you don't need to worry about that. The address is herschel road. Any more questions?
Could I get the phone number, postcode, and the area that The Cost of Clare Hall is located in, please?
The phone number is 01223332360, postcode is cb39al, and the area is west
Okay great. I'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating.
I've found 18 possible matches based on your preferences. Would you like to add additional preferences for your hotel?
I need a hotel that's cheap with free parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is cheap with free parking and internet. It is in town centre. Does this suit your needs?
That would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from Monday?
I apologize but could you book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Four nights would work.
All right, your room is reserved at the Alexander for four nights. Your reference number is GI3N4VIV .
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.
Great! Glad we could help!


I need a taxi to go to [the gandhi] to arrive by [18:00]
Okay, I will need your departure site first
I'm departing from [cherry hinton water play].
Excellent. I was able to book a black Ford for you.
Great thank you. Can I have the contact number?
The contact number is 07299305269.
That's all I need, thank you so much.
enjoy your ride


I'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves [tuscan] food.
I'm sorry there are no locations serving Tuscan food on the north side town.
How about [chinese] type of food?
yes, there are 3 chinese restaurants in the north. what price range would you prefer?
Price doesn't matter. Suggest one please.
[Golden wok] serves chinese food and is located in the north part of town.
Thank you, goodbye!
thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I want a train leaving from leicester.
Sure! Where would you like to travel to? What day would you like to travel? Do you have any preferences on departure times?
I'll be coming from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday. I'd like to arrive by [21:15].
Anytime you prefer to leave?
No. Just as I make my arrival time but not leave unnecessarily early.
The TR4170 leaves at 09:09. Will that work for you?
Yes can you book that one please?
How many tickets?
I need 5 tickets and the reference number. I would like to go to a museum attraction in town. Please provide a area, phone number, and postcode. Thank you.
okay, booking was successful. The total cost is 189 GBP. Reference number is : 44KVOVJM . What area do you need the museum to be in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a nice museum.
Does it matter if it has a entrance fee?
no. find me where it is located, phone number and postcode
Okay how about [broughton house gallery] in the centre? Their phone is 01223314960. Postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 king street. Entrance is free.
Yes, that's fine.Thank you so much. That's all I needed today.
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need information on a place called [Magdalene college].
Oh sure thing! That's a huge college campus in the west side of town. They are located on Magdalene Street and have free admission.
Great! What is their postcode?
Their post code is cb30ag. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.
We have many fine accommodations in town! What are you looking for in a place to stay?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate area, I don't care about free parking, I won't be bringing my mercedes on this trip.
a and b guest house would suit your needs. Could I make a booking for you?
No, thank you. However, will you please tell me the postcode?
cb12dp. Is there anything else?
Could you tell me now many star rating that has? Is it in the North? I forgot to say I need it there.
a and b is not in the north, but there a few guesthouses in the north. Do you care for free wifi?
Internet doesn't matter to me. Any guesthouse in the north that you recommend will be fine. I'll just need the phone number, star, and postcode.
I suggest acorn guest house, it is a four star guesthuse in 154 chesterton road. their number is 01223353888 and code is cb41da.
Thanks, that is all I need.
Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
YOu too thanks so much.
you are so welcome
i will be sure to call you if i need your services
it was a pleasure serving you.


I want to find some information on [da vinci pizzeria]
I found Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. For one person at [12:30] on Sunday.
I have you scheduled for a reservation for 1 on Sunday at 12:30, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
I am so sorry but the da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and I was unsuccessful. Do you want me to try another restaurant?
Yes how about one in the same area and price range please?
Okay I was able to book you into The [Royal Spice] serving Indian food and your reference number is K8N0LLBP .
Awesome! Thanks so much. That is all I need.
Thank you for using this service. Goodbye.


cheap restaurant, please
What type of cuisine would you prefer?
do you have any serves [jamaican] food ?
There aren't any Jamaican restaurants nearby, would you like another type of cuisine?
How about [mediterranean]?
Yes, the [gardenia] serves mediterranean. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and the postcode please.
the Gardenia's phone number is 01223 356354 and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye,
Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for lodgings on the east side.
I would love to help you! There are 7 options in the East. Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine, but I would like it to have 4 stars. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 6 guesthouses in the east with 4 stars, are you looking for cheap or moderate pricing?
Cheap is fine.
The [autumn house] is a cheap four star guesthouse that has wifi and parking in the east area. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but can you give me their address, please?
Of course, the address is 710 newmarket road. What else can I do for you?
That's all I needed today. Thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


i need a place to stay that has free parking
Sure, what part of town do you like?
I need a guesthouse that includes free parking. I'm needing one in the moderate price range. I don't care what area you find for me.
There are quite a few options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel with 3 or 4 stars?
Any one of the 4 star ones will do. Can you choose one and make me a reservation please?
I can choose a place, I just need the number of people, day of the week and how many night you will be staying.
I will be alone. I need to arrive on Monday for 2 nights. Just someplace clean and I'll be happy :)
your reservation at [carolina bed and breakfast] for this monday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : 3KKAFP7E .
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the nightclubs in town?
We have about 6 different nightclubs in town. The newest is supposedly really popular. It is called Club Salsa and it is located in the centre of town.
Great, how much is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book a taxi that picks me up at [Club Salsa] at [05:30].
Okay, A taxi will meet you at Club Salsa at 5:30. It's a red Lexus and the contact number is 07245520750.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!
I hope your stay is great.
Thank you!
you are welcome.


A cheap restaurant in the south part of town
We have two restaurants that meet your criteria, are you more interested in Chinese of Portuguese food?
[Chinese], what is the number?
The [Lucky Star] is a chinese restaurant in the south and is in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 244277.
What is their address?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
What is the postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you very much.
thank you, goodbye


I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [rice boat].
Yes, Indian food! Very good. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could I get the price range and the postcode please?
the price is in the expensive range and the postcode is cb39ey.


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
There are lots of fun places to go in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you're looking for?
I don't care about the attraction.
I recommend [all saints church] on Jesus Lane. It's free.
Ok, can I have the phone number and postcode, please?
Sure thing! The phone number is 01223452587, and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to find a train going from cambridge to peterborough please.
What day and time would you like to depart? The train ride lasts 50 minutes and a ticket cost 16.50 pounds for your information.
Great, I want to go on Sunday and I need 8 tickets please.
There is a train leaving at 5:06 and arriving at 05:56 for 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people and give me the reference number
All right, you have eight tickets booked for a total of 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is P33M2HJN . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is enough. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Use the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need guidance around towne!


Can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?
I found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town. Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food?
Can I have the address of the [Chinese] restaurant?
The [Golden Wok] is a Chinese restaurant in the north part of town. The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
ok thank you good bye
goodbye


does [cambridge museum of technology] still open?
Yes, it does.
What's the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode for that museum?
The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Phone number is 01223368650. And the postcode is cb58ld.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. I also need free wifi there.
We have two guesthouses and three hotels in town centre. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'd like an expensive hotel please.
There are two expensive hotels in the area of Centre. The Gonville has a 3 star rating and the University Arms has 4. Do you have a preference?
Yes the [university arms] would you be able to book that?
Yes certainly. How many nights will you be needing and when will you be arriving and how many people will be staying?
6 people, five nights, starting on Thursday, please.
Would you like me to book the room now?
Yes please book that.
OK, you're all set. 6 people for 5 nights at University Arms. Arriving on Thursday. Your Reference number is : TXXXCWJD . Is there anything else I can do today?
That's perfect. Thank you so much.
Do you need to arrange transportation to town, or between any venues? If not, it was my pleasure to help you and have a great day!
I'm sorry, I made a mistake! I need for it to start on Tuesday not Thursday!!!! Can you fix that for me???
No problem! I switched that reservation to Tuesday instead of Thursday for you and your new reference number is M7VCVOT6 . Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I think that's it.
Okay, have a great day! Bye now!


Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced [catalan] restaurants?
I was unable to find any moderately priced Catalan restaurants. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes could we try one that serves [British] food?
I have more options of moderate british cuisine locales, any particular are you'd prefer?
No the area doesn't matter. I'd like to book a table for 7 on Sunday.
Okay. how bout trying [The Oak Bistro]?
Ok, book that place.
sure, how many people will be in your party?
We have seven people.
great, and what day and time?
It will on the same day for 3 nights.
3 nights... for the restaurant? You can only book a single day, did you want to book a hotel instead?
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at [12:45]?
I have your booking, the reference number is U8011RCM, any further questions?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4-star hotel.
Okay, I have three 4 star hotels available. Two are located on the west side and 1 in the centre. Do you have a preference for the area?
I do not have a preference.
Ok! I suggest the [University Arms Hotel]. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking and wifi? If so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.
Yes, it has free wifi and parking. How many will I be booking for?
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number
I want to be sure I have the right information. You want a booking for 7 people for 3 nights, right? What day will you be arriving?
I will be arrving on sunday
Booking was successful the Reference number is : Q36UES95 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
What time would you like to leave?
So I can arrive at my location by the booked time you made.
Your taxi has been booked! Your car is a Black BMW and contact number is: 07460105806.


I am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by [10:30] at broxbourne
I've booked 2 tickets for you on TR7656 ref#IBECBEPN . The total cost is 35.79 GBP. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thanks! That will be all!
Let us know if you need more help, good bye.


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves [British] food?
There are 6 matches, do you have a location preference?
Is one of them located in Centre? I will be staying over there and would like something close.
The Fitzbillies Restaurant is located in the city's centre at 51 Trumpington Street. The phone number is 01223352500.
Thank you very much for the assistance.
Would you like a reservation?
No. I am also looking for a hotel. [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is on 56 saint barnabas road? Would you like me to book it?
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 6 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : QVRVE9AS . Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all for today. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye.
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


I'm in need of a train leaving Boxbourne that can't arrive any later than [14:00]. Can you find me one?
But of course. I just need a bit more info. What time do you want to leave and on what day?
I want to leave on Monday. It doesn't matter what time the train leaves as long as I arrive by 14:00.
Just to confirm: Is your destination Cambridge or another city?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge, and I'll be coming in from Broxbourne.
Okay, that helps give us a good start, what day are you wanting to travel?
Monday, please. For 6 people.
It looks like there is a train leaving broxbourne at 12:32 and arriving in cambridge at 13:32. The price is 17.90 pounds per passenger. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 6 tickets.
The Booking for TR0354 was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8UV8Y3A7 .
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful!
You are very welcomed. Have a great day!


Can you find a train for me that leaves from Stevenage and is going to Cambridge? Thanks.
Yes, I can help you. What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday, and I would like to be there by [08:00].
Yes, you'll want to take TR9448. It will leave Stevenage at 5:54 and arrive by 06:43.
An how much will that cost?
That will cost you 12.80 pounds per ticket
I am also looking for a attraction called [whale of a time]. Do you have more information on that?
Whale of Time is an entertainment venue in the West. The phone number is 01954781018. Do you need more information?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.


I need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price.
There are 11 possible choices. Do you have any additional preferences?
Yes I would like it to be on the North part of town.
There are quite a few guesthouses in that area. Would a guesthouse meet your needs?
Yes a guesthouse would be fine. Does it have internet? And what is it's postcode?
Yes, the [Acorn Guest House] has internet.
Great, that's perfect. Thanks for your help!
And the postcode is cb41da if you still need that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all for now. Thank you.
Have a great day!


I want to book a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives in Peterborough by [21:45].
Not a problem. What day will that be for?
I would like to travel on Saturday., Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
I have about 8 trains going that route. The last train for that route arrives at 20:07. It leaves at 19:29. Would this arrival time work for you?
Yes, please book this for 4 people, please give me the reference number.
Ok. TR 4673 is booked for 4 people. The reference number is BY93GO28 .
Okay great. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book a restaurant for 4 people after I arrive.
I am sorry, I have no details for restaurants at your Bishops Stortford destination. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.
Are you sure? If you know which area, (east, west, centre, etc...), or what type of food you're looking for, I would be happy to find you a restaurant.
No, that's all. Thanks!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a museum in east area.
There are four museums. Three are free and one is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number of the free museum?
[Cambridge Artworks] is free. The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168. Will that do?
That will do thank you. I also need a restaurant in the moderate price range.
There are two [Indian] and one Italian restaurant in that area. Did you have a preference?
In the same area as Cambridge Artworks.
[Curry Prince] seems to fit your needs, it is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I need to book it for Saturday at [17:30]. Just for me.
Booking was successful and the reference number is : D3MPEQ3M .
thanks. thats it for today. thanks again. goodbye.
welcome and have a great day


I am looking for an expensive priced [Chinese] restaurant
There are a few places in the area you could try. The Ugly Duckling, Yu Garden, and Hakka have great food and are in your price range.
Okay, what is the address and phone number for Ugly Duckling?
The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. We do not have the phone number available in our database.
That's alright. I'm also looking for a train booking too. I need to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.
What day and time?
I need to arrive by [17:45] on Tuesday
I can book your on the TR1395 on Tuesday. It leaves Cambridge at 13:39 and you'll be there by 15:07. Would you like anything else?
Please book this train for 2 people and provide the reference number.
Your train is all booked, your reference number is 5482NXX6 .
Ok, great that's everything I needed. Thank You!
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your day!


Hi there. Real quick. Having a blast. I want a REALLY good restaurant not too far from my hotel. What do you have?
I'll be happy to help- but I need to know what region your hotel is in first.
I'm in the centre of town.
We have a lot of restaurants available in the city centre. Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I have no food preference, but I would prefer an expensive restaurant.
The [Bedouin] is an African restaurant that offers a high quality experience. Would you be interested?
Yes. Please book for 7 people on Thursday at [12:30].
I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is K7HFUCR6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same area I will eat.
I have about 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Lots of architecture, colleges, boating, cinemas, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, and theatres. What interests you?
Can you recommend a place?
I like great saint mary's church. Need some info on it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?
Great Saint Mary's Church is located in Market Square, cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a booking?
No thank you that will be all
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.


I want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from cambridge.
There are many that leave cambridge and go to stansted airport; what day would you like to leave and what time?
I need the train to leave after [09:15] on Saturday.
I have train TR2755 that will leave at 09:40 and put you at the airport by 10:08. Would that work for you? If not, I have later trains.
That train works well.
Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes please. Get me 8 tickets for my party as well as a reference number.
Your reference number is UKOTND0A . Would you like anything else today?
I also need a hotel that has free parking. I don't need internet or anything like that.
I have 29 places to stay with free parking. Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Are any of the 29 places, guest houses? I would actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.
There are 8 hotels that match that description. Did you have a price range or area in mind?


Greetings! Can you help me in locating a train to get me to Cambridge?
Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and what day you would like to leave?
Sure. I need to leave on Friday from Broxbourne.
We have several trains for that day. Did you have a particular time you wanted to leave?
I am going to need to leave sometime later than [17:15]. I will need 6 seats.
There are 7 trains available. When would you like to arrive bye?
It doesn't matter, I just need to leave sometime after 17:15.
I can book you on TR4322 from broxbourne to cambridge. It leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32. Would you like that?
Yes please, for 6 people.
I booked 6 seats on TR4322, the price is 107.4 GBP and your reference number is RZUTECIJ . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I needed for today. Thank you
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge, to arrive by [12:00]?
Where is your destination?
I am going to Ely.
On what day will you be travelling?
Actually, I need to go Birmingham New Street and will be traveling on Friday.
I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00.
That is perfect. Can you book 1 seat for me please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : NCZQBZUY .
I am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.
[acorn guest house] would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
yes, please. I want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.
I am having trouble booking that for you. Lets try others.
How about tuesday?
Yes, I am able to book the Acorn Guest House on Tuesday, for four days. Would you like to process this?
Yes, give me the reference number.
Sorry, my system isn't able to process this right now. You may want to contact the hotel directly.
Okay, thank you. Good bye.
Good bye. Sorry I couldn't help more. Have a great day.


I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
Okay I can help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 4.
There are 33 hotels with a 4 start rating and in the moderate price range. What area did you have in mind?
It should also include free wifi.
There are no hotels that match your criteria. Would you be ok with a guesthouse?
Yes. I'll need accomodations for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
I would recommend acorn guest house in the north area or a and b guest house in the east area. Which would you prefer?
[Acorn], please. Could you book that?
The reservation was successful, your reference number is K6CPBLHM
Thank you. That should be it, thank you for your time.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


I will be visiting Cambridge and I need a list of the main attractions in the south.
I have 8 entries for entertainment in the south. Do you have a particular type that you are looking for?
I don't have a particular type. What would you recommend?
In my opinion, out of the options I think the theatre we have in the south would be my choice. It's called [the Junction]. Would you like more info?
What is their address?
They are located on Clifton Way. Is there anything I may help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.
Okay, how about the [ashley hotel] that is in the moderate price range?
Is it a 2 star or better?
Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel. Would you like to me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the post code.
The post code is cb41er.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take me from [the Junction] to the [Ashley Hotel]. I would like to leave the attraction by [21:15].
I booked the taxi for you. It's a black Honda and the contact number is 07690147877. Will that be all? .
Yes. Thank you.
Thank you for using are services and have a great day.


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town
We have 11 to choose from. Do you have preferred quality?
Yes, I'd like a 3 star place. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Okay, the [hamilton lodge] fits those conditions. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. Book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday.
The hamilton lodge guesthouse does have free parking, is that okay? There is the alpha-milton guest house in the north, it' 3 stars, moderately priced and doesn't offer parking.
The [Alpha Milton guest house] sounds better. Please book a room there.
I have that booked, the reference code is 8EPNPVVM . Anything else?
No that is it ,thanks.
Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day!


I am looking for a train going to Broxbourne.
Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge heading to Broxbourne.
I have 133 trains fitting that criteria, what time would you like to leave at?
I'd like to leave after [10:30].
What day are you traveling? And is this a booking just for yourself?
I am leaving on Thursday and can you please give me the travel time and price?
Sure, train TR3262 is perfect and has a 60 minute travel time. It costs 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, thank you.
I have you on that train and your reference number is U5N4FNSQ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day!


I am looking for a restaurant serving [mediterranean] food.
la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food.
Is there another venue?
There is [The Gardenia] if you're looking for a cheap restaurant.
What is the address and phone number?
The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're Welcome, good bye
I don't care about the price. Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I need a hotel at the center of town to stay in
The [Cityroomz] hotel is in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that would be great.
When would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for tonight, please.
We have received your booking and you are all set. Enjoy your stay.
I'd like to know the price range, address, and phone number please.
It's moderately priced, so you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. And it is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. You can give them a call at 01223304050.
Okay thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me?
Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Do you have a desired food type or price range?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range and in the same area as the hotel.
Sure, there are 33 expensive restaurants in the town centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No preference however I just need something for [13:45] on Tuesday
How does the [Bedouin] sound? They serve African cuisine. Also how many people would you like to book the table for?
I need a table for five people please. I don't care which kind of food.
I am sorry Tuesday at 13:45 is unavailable. Is there another day or time that will work for you?
[12:45] will work for me.
You are booked for 12:45 and your reference number is 54D9CRE9 . Can I help you with anything else?
Not at this moment. Thank you so much for all of your help.
You are quite welcome. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!


I want to book a taxi to [williams art and antiques] from [pembroke college].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at Williams Art and Antiques at [one thirty p.m.]
Okay I completed a booking for you
I need the contact number and the type of car please.
A yellow volkswagen is booked for you. The contact number is 07206167165.
That's wonderful. And the taxi will arrive by [15:30], right?
Booking completed and corrected. You will get to williams art and antiques by 15:30. Booked car type : red tesla Contact number : 07554978717
Thank you!
Thank you good bye


I would love to get some information on the [abbey pool and astroturf pitch]
Of course, Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Phone number 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
You said that's in the east, correct?
Yes, that's located in the east part of Cambridge.
How often do trains depart peterborough going to cambridge during the week?
The trains leave twice per hour at :19 and :48 with the first train leaving at 5:19 and the last train leaving at 23:48. Do you need to book a seat?
NOt at this time. Thanks for your help
Okay is there something else I can do?
Actually, I would like to book a train. It needs to arrive by [20:30]. I'd like to book for 3 people.
There are many trains. Do you have a preference for departure time?
Yes I would like to arrive by 20:30 in Cambridge from Peterborough.
What day would you like to leave?
I would like to depart on Wednesday.
Okay the TR9969 leaves at 19:19 and arrives at 20:09. Book this one?
thanks so much for all of your help I cant wait to get there!
Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I apologize, I am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 3 people.
Train TR9969 has been booked for 3 people. Your reference number is : P5EYMMIG . Is there anything else I can do for your today?
How about a moderately prices [Italian] restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
We haven't talked about a hotel.
You're right. Now that we have the train booked, that's all I need.
Have a good trip!


I need some [Caribbean] food in the south part of town.
unfortunately, no Caribbean restaurants can be found in the south of town. can i help you with something else?
Is there an [italian] restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants serving Italian food in the south of town. What price range would you like?
I don't care.
[Pizza Hut Cherry Hinto]n serves Italian food on the south part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please
The phone number is 01223 323737.
May I also get the postcode of the restaurant?
The post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
That will be all. Thank you very much!
Thank you, have a great day!


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the expensive price range.
Certainly, there are several expensive Italian restaurants. Would you prefer the centre or south of town?
Can we do the centre of town?
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the centre of town.
Phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223352607, and postcode is cb23nj
Thank you, that's all I need today. You've been a great help - goodbye!
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [panahar].
Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table there?
Can you book a table for 6 people at [11:00] on sunday?
Got it - The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is : VX589A4M . Can I help with anything else?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Have a great time!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
What kind of information were you looking for?
I would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. It must include free wifi. But I'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.
I have a few that match, do you have a location preference?
The area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.
That shouldn't be a problem. What day would you like to begin your stay?
from Thursday.
alexander bed and breakfast would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
It'll be very good if you can include [alexander bed and breakfast] but need to be in a reasonable price.
alexander bed and breakfast is ideal for you.
Can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel?
There are many in the centre of town,what type are you looking for a church,or swimming or a park ?


I want a train leaving from cambridge.
Okay, and where are we headed?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and I'd like to leave on Monday.
Sure thing, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [14:00].
I would recommend TR3929 which leaves Cambridge at 05:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 07:27.
That works, can you book it?
Very good, sir, I've booked your trip successfully. Your reference number is QOWR4OO3 .
i'm also looking for places to go in town.
There are many attractions to choose from. To help narrow the results down, are you interested in architecture, colleges, theatres, museums, or parks?
I would like to go to a cinema in the area you recommend please.
I would recommend [cineworld cinema]
Sounds great can I get the address.
sure its cambridge leisure park, clifton way, anything else?
What area of town is that in? Also, could I get the train booked for 4 people?
Cineworld Cinema is located in the south. I've changed the train booking to 4 people, the reference number is now WA2NPOY7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact me.


Can you direct me to a [Catalan] restaurant that is moderately priced please?
Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything serving catalan food that is moderately priced. Would you like me to check a different cuisine type or price range?
yes how about a moderate [mexican] restaurant?
Sorry, but there are no mexican restaurants in the price range either. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
[Italian] would work just as good.
Italian is a wonderful choice. There is a pizza express in centre, would you like to make a reservation?
No, but could you give me the phone number for [Pizza Express]?
The phone number is 01223324033.
I am also looking for a train going to Bishops Stortford that leaves after [15:30].
What day would you be traveling on?
I need it for Friday an I'm departing from Cambridge
Okay I have a 17:30 that arrives at 18:07. would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure if I want to book yet or not, can you confirm the travel time for that one?
Of course. TR1567 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.
Thanks that's all I need have a good day.
Okay great, have a good day!


I am looking for [african] food
There is one African restaurant listed called [bedouin]. Would you like more information for this restaurant?
Yes. I need the address please.
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I want to take a train to cambridge that arrives by [17:00].
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be traveling from Peterborough.
What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I forgot to mention that, sunday please.
I have train TR3782 leavinga t 5:19 and arriving at 6:09. Would you like to book that?
Not now. What's the travel time for that train?
The total travel time is 50 minutes.
I am also looking for something to do that is entertainment.
sure! any particular part of town?
No, just give me some options I can choose from.
cherry hinton hall and grounds, funky fun house, tenpin, nusha, and whale of a time are your options
[Whale of time] sounds interesting what area is it in? I also need the address and phone number.
It's on the west side of town at unit 8, viking way, bar hill. Their phone number is 01954781018. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
Yeah, anytime happy to help.


Could you help me find a [thai] restaurant?
I have two listed one on the west side and one in the centre.
Please one in the centre.
[Bangkok City] is located in the centre. It is an expensive Thai restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I am needing a table for 7 this Monday at [11:15] please.
Great, they had an opening, you're all set. Your reference number is 1K1NDD5T .
Great. I am also looking for something to do on the West side of town. Any suggestions? I will need the entrance fee and postcode and the type of attraction.
Cambridge has 13 attractions on the west side. I would suggest the Cafe Jello Gallery, which has a free entry. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, what type of attraction is it and what is the postcode?
The [Cafe Jello Gallery] is a museum. The postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by [11:15]. Can you give me a contact number and the car type?
Okay, I've booked you a black Lexus. The contact number is 07019239723.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today.
Wonderful! Enjoy your time in the city.


Yes, hello. I need a train departing from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.
Sure thing, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Sunday
TR5529 leaves at 5:40 and arrives at 6:08, will this work for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.
The total is 56.56 GBP and can be paid at the station. the reference number is Y1MGNCV3


I would like to visit a college in the centre please.
There are 5 colleges in the centre. [Christ's college] is free, would you like more information on that?
Yes. I would like information on the other 4 colleges too.
Corpus Christi is at King's Parade and costs 2 pounds. The other 3 are free. Would you like their addresses?
No the [Corpus Christi] will do, could you just give me the postcode for that also?
The postcode for Corpus Christi is cb21rh. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I also need a train going to Stansted.
i have found 133 entries. could you be more specific so we can narrow it down? what day are you traveling?
Sorry. I want to leave Cambridge on Sunday after [8:30].
Train TR8500 leaves Cambridge at 08:40 and will arrive at the airport by 09:08. Would that work for your schedule?
What is the price?
It's 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you for your help!
Okay great, have a nice day!


Hi, I'd like to find someplace to go in the west.
There are 13 places you can visit. Do you have a preference?
I don't know what there is, so it's hard to say. Could you recommend something interesting or unusual?
Whale of a Time guarantees you'll leave with a smile. Would you like the address or phone number?
What kind of attraction is that and how much does it cost to get in?
It is entertainment and I do not have any information here on the price.
I also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves [traditional] food please.
I'm afraid there aren't any in Cambridge. Is there a different cuisine you might like?
Can you find me something expensive in the Cambridge area that serves [Gastropub] food?
Here is a good one [the slug and lettuce].
Sounds good! I need a table for 3 people at [19:45] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : P5WGME15 .
THank you that is all I need today.
You're welcome. Let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge and arriving by [2:45 PM]. Can you help me?
I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday please.
Trains leave London Liverpool Street every 2 hours beginning at 5:39. The latest leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07.
Give me information on the latest one.
The latest train leaves at 23:39.
What is the ID for the train leaving at 11:39?
the train id is TR4161. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go to in town. Can you help me?
Do you have a certain area or attraction you would like to see?
I have no preference. Just find something in the centre of town.
I would like to recommend [all saints church,it] is beautiful architecture in the centre of town and no entrance fee.
Could I have their phone number please?
Sure, their phone number is 01223452587. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No that is all for today.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service [danish] food. Any suggestions?
There are no matches, can I look up something else?
Then, how about a place that serves [mediterranean] food?
I think you would like [The Gardenia], it is located in Centre with a telephone number of 01223356354. Can I help you more today?
Yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? I'd like it to be on Wednesday at [17:00], please.
I will get that reservation made. Is there anything else I can assist with?


I'm trying to find a hotel called [Worth House]. Can you help me?
Sure. Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road. It's phone number is 1223316074. Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.
I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.
it was successful. Reference number is : 1OS7NNXW . thank you.
Also I need a train on Sunday for 8 people
Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. I want the train to leave after [10:45]
There are 7 options. Shall I book the earliest one?
Yes and to make a booking for the same group of people, be sure I get the reference number please.
The train is booked and here is the reference number KM4FJVYN .
Great! Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome, have a great time.


looking for a train. The train should arrive by [13:00] and should go to cambridge
Yes sure. Could you tel me where you are departing from and when?
I would be going to cambridge from london liverpool street.
What day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday, can I get the departure time, train ID and price?
Your train is TR0998 and will be an 88 minute ride
can you tell me the departure time and price please?
Departure time is 09:39, arrives in cambridge at 11:07. The fare is 16.60
I'm looking for something to do in the west part of town while I'm there.
The west area has many colleges, museums, and one entertainment called Whale of a Time. Do you have a preference?
I'm not sure. What do you recommend?
Does the entrance fee matter? If you are looking for some thing free, there is the museum of classical archaeology. If your budget allows, there's queens' college.
Lets go with the free option please.
Okay! Do you need any information about that museum?
No, as long as it is free. Thank you. Goodbye.
goodbye too, enjoy yourself


I'm looking for the hotel called [Kirkwood House].
What specific information are you looking for?
I'd like to get the address, hotel type, and price range please!
The kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Their address is 172 chesterton road, post code cb41da.
Perfect, thank you. Can you recommend a [Mediterranean] restaurant in the centre of town?
There are 3 mediterranean restaurants in the centre. The Gardenia had good food and is cheap, while the other to are in the highest price range.
[Gardenia] is fine. Can I get the postcode and price range?
The Gardenia is in the cheap price range and is located in postcode cb23ll.
Thank you for finding the Gardenia for me, that is all I need today.
Thank you have a nice day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern [European] food.
I can recommend the [Michaelhouse Cafe]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for 5 people at [18:00] on Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but there aren't any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range.
michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and the only option available.


I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Thursday.
There are 202 trains leaving Cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to narrow your search by destination and time?
I am going to the stansted airport and I need to arrive by [21:30].
When are you leaving?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on Thursday, and I need to depart from Cambridge.
I have 16 train departures fitting your preferences. They leave every :40 of the hour starting at 5:40 to 20:40, would you like me to book one of these?
Can I please have one at [19:40]. I will get there by 21:30 correct?
Yes, the 19:40 train will arrive at 20:08. How many tickets would you like?
I don't need tickets at the moment, but I do need the price and train ID for that 19:40 departure, please.
The train id for that is TR9030 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else you'd like help with today?
I'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called [Frankie and Benny's].
I was able to find it, what information would you like on it?
Can you tell me the postcode, food type, and the price range?
Frankie and Bennys serves italian food in the expensive price range, and their postcode is cb17dy. Would you like assistance in making a reservation?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here any time you need to get around Cambridge!


Hi. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [Irish] food. Can you help me?
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants that serve irish food. Would you like help with anything else?
Can i have a [thai] restaurant instead ?
There are two Thai restaurants. There is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area


I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.
What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by [11:30].
Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?
The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.
We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks
I would recommend the [lensfield hotel]. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?
How many people should I book this for? What day? How many days will you be staying?
Book it for 8 people and 4 nights. We will be checking in on Thursday.
ok, the booking was successful. Reference number is : N9Y9Q569 . can i help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Enjoy your stay.


Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to Kings Lynn.
Certainly. Where will you be leaving from and on what day?
I'm coming from Cambridge and would like to arrive at Kings Lynn by [8 p.m.] Monday.
TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please. Thank you so much!
How many seats will you need?
None right now but could you just tell me the price, train ID, and travel time?
TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds.
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [African] food.
I found [Bedouin] matching your request. Would you like to book a table there?
Is it in the moderate price range?
No it is in an expensive price range.
Okay let's look for a moderately priced [international] restaurant, book me a table anywhere for 8 people at [14:45] on Monday.
I am sorry but there are no moderate price international restaurant available. Would you like to try another food or price range?
Okay, then let's go back to my first choice, African cuisine. You mentioned the Bedouin, earlier. Is it in the city centre?
It is located in the centre and is expensive.
Yes, I would like to book please.
I reserved a table for eight people at the Bedouin on Monday at 14:45. Reference number is LGUNVWOU . Hold time will be for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well!


I'm looking for a moderately priced [steakhouse].
I'm sorry there are no moderate priced steakhouses, would you like to try another price range?
I'm sorry. Can you check the south and see if there is one?
I'm sorry there are still no matches. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
Sure, are there any moderately priced [Italain] restaurants in the south?
Yes, I have a match. There is a [Pizza Hut Cherry Hilton]. Would you like the address and phone number?
I think I can find it. Could you book a table for 8 on Friday for [16:45]?
You're all set. Your reference number is UTUFXTA1 .
Great! Thank you!
You're welcome they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Would you like anything else today?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same are.
I have eight attractions in that area. What type of attraction would you prefer?
I don't have a preference can you make a suggestion?
I would recommend [tenpin] it is entertainment.
That sounds good can I get the postcode and phone number?
Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 08715501010.
I'll a taxi to get between the 2 places.
I can help with that. What time do you want to depart?
it will be late at night around [22:00]
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Toyota. Please call 07036604181 should you need to reach them.
Thank you so much, Have a great Day!
You're welcome! Likewise!


I will be in the centre area and would like to visit some atractions. Can you assist me.
There are 44 attractions in the centre. Are you interested in architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
What do you have in nightclubs?
Kambar is a very popular nightclub at 1 Wheeler Street. Entrance is 5 pounds. Does that sound like fun?
That sounds amazing! I also want to go to a [modern european] restaurant in the same area as the nightclub.
Darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a very nice modern European restaurant in the centre. Would that work?
Yes, thank you. That's all I need.
Well that was easy. I am glad to have helped and hope you enjoy your stay. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!


I would like to book a reservation at the [cambridge lodge restaurant]
I can assist you with that. What day and time are you interested in reserving?
I'm sorry, I'm just looking for information. Could you tell me the area, food type, and post code for that restaurant?
It is a european place on the west side the postcode is cb30dq.
I alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in cheap price range?
I have two cheap places on the west side near the restaurant. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like to book one of them?
I would like the guesthouse.
How many people and the number of days needed?
I need it for 3 days for 2 people.
Also what day are you staying?
I do not have a specific day at this time.
Well, the name of the guesthouse is [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. The phone is 01223276653. Do you need anything else?
Could you please give me the address and postcode?
Yes phone is 012233276653 and postcode is cb30nd


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves [Tuscan] food.
I'm sorry, there are not Tuscan restaurants at all. Can I find a different cuisine type for you?
Okay. That's fine. Can you find me one that serves [chinese] food?
I have 3 chinese restaurants available. Is there a price range you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need a table for 5 people at [12:45] on Tuesday if you can book me one.
I have the lucky star with is in the south and cheap. Would you like me to book at that restaurant?
Lucky star. Sure why not.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time or different chinese restaurant?
Could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area?
The only other cheap restaurant in the center of the city is a Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you.
Yes, please. Same people, date, and time.
I was able to book at table at [Nandos] for the time and date specified. Your reference number is 0W15TQOH . Can I help you with anything else today?
No I do not need anything else, thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, have a lovely day!


I need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side.
There are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a type of cuisine you would prefer?
I don't have a preference.
I have a listing for [Cambridge lodge restaurant] that serves British food,can I book you a table there?
That sounds good. I would like a reservation for 6 people at [19:45] on Sunday.
I'm sorry. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another time or another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range?
Yes, I can book you at [Graffiti]. The reference number is UYW8JK6T . May I help with anything else?
I think that is all, thank you, cheers.
Good day.


I'm looking for a train going to norwhich from cambridge.
I've got 133 scheduled between Cambridge and Norwich. What day of the week are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
We have quite a few results. Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
There are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after [16:15] on Tuesday. I'll need a reference number, please.
Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is: KFMNIOGF .
Thank you so much. We also need a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?
Is there a part of the city you would like to stay in?


Find me a moderately priced place to dine in the west.
I have 3 options for you - British, Indian, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
How about the [British] place, I would like to book for 7 people at [13:15] on sunday
Ok. I have a table for 7 booked at [saint johns chop house]. Your reference number is XPKRJXC3 . They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you so much.
Is there anythign else I can help you with today?
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday
You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train FROM cambridge. i'm going to broxbourne.
No problem, there are lots of options. Did you have a time to leave in mind?
I am leaving anytime after [11:30] from cambridge to broxbourne, what is the arrival time?
TR2939 would have an arrival time of 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the arrival time.
Is there anything else?
No, You have helped with everything I needed. Thanks so much for your time. Bye.
Have a great trip.


I am looking for a [gastropub] in the centre of town. What do you have?
I see there are 3 restaurants serving gastropub in the centre. Do you have a specific pricerange you'd rather?
It's a special occasion, so let's go with something expensive.
Okay, I recommend the [Backstreet Bistro]. It's located at 2 Sturton Street City in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I need a table for 5 people.
I'll be happy to make your reservations. What time would be a good time and how many people are we making a reservation for?
for 5, at [17:15] on Friday.
Booking was a success! Your reference number is: 0WLY58QY and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome, I'm also looking for a swimming pool to go to after the restaurant. Can you find one in the same area?
[Parkside pools] is in that same area.
That sounds great. Could you give me their number please?
Yes, it is 01223446100. Can I do anything else for you today?
That takes care of all my needs. Thanks a bunch!
Great, you are very welcome! Take care now!


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves [bistro] type food.
I apologize but I was not able to find a moderately priced [bistro]. Would you be interested in a different type of restaurant?
How about one that serves [british] food then?
I have found a few British restaurants in your price range. Do you want a specific part of town?
No, could you recommend me a place? I'm looking for to book a table for 2 on Thursday at [11:30].
Okay, I've booked you at the [Oak Bistro] with reference number ANAMHNOW . May I help with anything else?
No thank you. It's perfect. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day


i want a place to stay in Cambridge the is moderate price no wifi
Sure. Would you like a particular area of town?
An inexpensive area with free parking if possible.
Okay, I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It's located in the north. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Sure! I would like that!
I just need to know for what day, how many nights and how many guests for the reservation.
I need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday. Thanks!
Done! Your reference number is PMWGUS04 . Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed. I appreciate your help!
I'm happy we could be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town.
There are nine restaurants in the south part of town. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care.
Chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town. It's address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and it's phone number is 01223 400170.
Can you tell me what kind of food they serve?
Chiquito restaurant bar serves Mexican food.
I want one in the moderate priced range. What is the price range of [Chiquito restaurant]?
I'm afraid Chiquito restaurant bar is expensive. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south.
What is the address for [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton?
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
sorry what is the area again?
it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.
I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How interesting that there's NO entertainment in the centre of Cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a college I could visit?
Yes, there are 13 colleges in the centre of town.
Could you suggest one and provide the postcode and phone number?
gonville and caius college's postocode is cb21ta and their phone number isv01223332400
Can I also get a place to stay, needs to include wifi but I dont care about parking.
There are 3 entries that meet your criteria. I would recommend the A and B guesthouse or Avalon as they both get 4 stars.
I actually want a hotel with 0 stars, I don't like stars.
Okay I have one option for you called [Cityroomz]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 nights starting from Monday for 6 people. Please let me know the reference number.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : F2PPHLSX .
thank you that will be all
You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay!


I am interested in booking a taxi. I need to leave from [Primavera] and go to [Christ's College] by [07:15]. I also need the contact number and car type.
It is a blue Tesla and the number is 07728790411. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you very much!
You're welcome! Have a great time!


I need a train that arrives by [11:45] leaving from Ely. Can you help me?
What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.
Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?
Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?
Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I donothavereservationnumbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I will need the reference number please.
Booking was successful I will get you the reference number
Okay, I need that. Didn't they give you a reference number when you booked it?
I apologize for that. The booking number is OWXJ46II and the cost will be 22 GBP.
Thanks. Now please help me find a moderate guesthouse that offers wifi
There are 14 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge, but no area or star rating preference. Just the free wifi. Any suggestions?
I recommend [avalon], which is a 4 star lodging in the north.
Okay. Can you book that for me? It will be 5 of us staying there
Okay. I just need a little bit of information to book that. What day do you want to check in and for how many nights will you stay there?
I will be staying for 3 nights starting Wednesday.
Sure, your booking was successful. Reference number is 1E4YWFGS . Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now! Thank you, have a good day!
Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking for a train to get me there. Can you help me find one please?
We have many trains to cambridge, where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and I would like to go to london kings cross. I would like my train to arrive by [09:15] and leave on friday.
The TR8026 arrives in London Kings Cross by 07:51, can I book a ticket for you?
Yes please book a round trip ticket for 10 people.
Okay, the train is booked. The fee is 236 GPB and the reference number is EM9QISG0 . Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I have many hotels that fit those needs, is there a certain area of town you wanted me to book you near?
It does not matter but I would like it to have a star rating of 0.
There are no hotels that fit that criteria. Would you like me to look for another star rating?
What about a guesthouse?
There are 2 choices. City Centre North B and B and El Shaddai. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the price range of those hotels?
Both guesthouses are in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book one?
Not at this time. Thank you for all the information. I'm all set. Good bye.
Have a nice day, goodbye


I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.
What price range and area of town are you looking for?
Price does not matter. I want something on the west.
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is on the west and is a 4 star hotel with wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Maybe. Does it have free parking?
Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Thursday for 1 person.
Reference number is : 42UHJQT1 . Anything else?
Great! Yes, I also need to find an expensive restaurant close to the hotel.
Would you prefer british, indian, thai or european cuisine?
Is there one that happens to serve [Chinese] food?
Sorry, no results for that search. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one that serves food from The [Americas]?
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that serve food from the americas either.
Are there any expensive restaurant that serves American, anywhere in the city?
There are none. Would you like to change either your cuisine preference, or try a moderate?
Could you double check for [Chinese] food?
There are no expensive Chinese restaurants in the west, which would be close to your hotel. Would you like to try a different area?
What are the expensive Chinese restaurants that are available?
After checking again, I do have 1 that serves North American food in the centre area. Would that interest you?
Yes please book that for one person on thursday at [12:15].
How many people would you like that booking for?
It will be just me, myself and I!
Your booking is complete your reference number is WYDAYXH4 they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.
I am glad I could help you. Have a great trip.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [european] food while I'm in Cambridge.
Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street at the City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please, and their postcode as well.
Phone is 01223505015 and postcode cb11ln. Would you like me to get you a table?
No. But I need a train going to Ely.
Where are you travelling from and what time?
I am departing from cambridge on monday and I need to arrive to Ely by [11:15].
I have 3 trains available leaving at 06:07, 08:07, and 10:07. What time would you like to leave?
You choose one please. I need it for 4 people.
I booked you on TR8399 arriving at 10:07. Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AVBKNMXQ .
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks so much!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Can I catch a train to Stevenage?
Yes, TR2515 departs on friday at 05:21 to stevenage, would you like me to book it?
Yes please when is the arrival time?
TR2515 arrives in Stevenage at 06:10, bright and early!
What's the total travel time for the TR2515 ?
The total travel time is 49 minutes.
Okay, thank you for the information!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a park in the south. Any available that you could give me the postcode, entrance fee's if any and the address please?
There are two parks that fit your description. Both are free. May I recommend Wandlebury country park located wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham? Postalcode is cb223ae.
Perfect, you've answered all my questions. Thank you!
Your welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks!
good day to you


I'm looking for a train that will be going to london kings cross on Wednesday.
There are ten trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in London Kings Cross on Wednesday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I need it to arrive by [18:00].
How about TR8676 that leaves at 19:00?
i want to book for three people. help me get the reference number too
I'm sorry for the confusion, that train won't arrive by 18:00. TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does that sound like it will work?
Yes, please book for 3 people. I will need a reference number also.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H6YK4BJL .
Thank you for your help!
You're certainly welcome. My pleasure, sir. Anything else I may do for you today?
You've covered it all. Thanks a million. Goodbye.
Happy to be of service. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.


I need to book a train
I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge.
Great, can you tell me where you will be departing from and which day you want to travel and at what time?
I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge on Sunday.
There is a train that leaves at 5:39 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, just for one person.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is DWZMV9KS .
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive [gastropub] restaurant in the centre please?
There are two that meet your criteria. The Backstreet Bistro, and The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
I'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for [The Slug and Lettuce], just because its name is so awesome?
Their address is 34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. There is no phone number listed. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
No I just needed the information, thanks for your help you've be so helpful!
No problem, it was a pleasure assisting you today!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge, the train should depart after [21:45]?
Hi, train TR4210 leaves fiday at 22:11. Would you like me to book it?
I need to leave on Saturday from London Kings Cross. Is there a train leaving after 21:45 that fits my needs?
I have train TR8830 that will be leaving London Kings Cross at 23:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 24:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, how much would that cost total?
It is 18.88 pounds per ticket. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Just one ticket please and thank you
Your ticket has been reserved. Total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number ZM5K0A4Q . Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book [autumn house] for 7 people, starting on saturday for 4 nights, please?
Thank you so much for reserving my train ticket. I have the information for Autumn House you requested. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes. I need the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is DTKW11YU
That is all I needed today, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, I could sure use some help with my planning. I am looking for a particular hotel.
Can you please tell me the name of the hotel you are looking for?
The name of the place is called [a and b guest house].
a and b guest house located 124 tenison road is can i book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from Friday. Can you check availability?
I was able to book you for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Friday. Your reference number is BTA1MEE0 . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some attractions in the West.
There is the cafe jello gallery, if you like museums, or churchill college.
Hmmm. [Cafe Jello Gallery] sounds interesting. May I please get their address?
Their address is 124 tenison road.


I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking.
The [cambridge belfry] matches those requirements.
Does it have free internet?
Yes, free internet is included at The Cambridge Belfry.
Great, I'd like to book at room at The Cambridge Belfry.
I can book your room now. Thank you so much


I need to taxi from [Ian hong house].
Sure, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to [saint johns chop house].
Alright. Now, can you just tell me either when you'd like to leave after or the time you'd like to arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by [9:00] please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow volvo Contact number : 07956401800


Yes I'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.
I'm sorry I can't located anything with that criteria.
Can you try it in a different area please?
I apologize but I don't recall you mentioning an area you preferred. Can you tell me what area and I will search again for you?
I don't have a preference, but I guess we could stay in a four star hotel with free parking if we absolutely had to.
We have plenty of those! Surprisingly, the 4-star places we have range in price from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I'm actually looking for a 5 star place. Any available?
No, I can't find anything with 5 stars, do you want to try something else?
Sure, let's try a 4 star hotel.
acorn guest house is found in the north 154 chesterton road
I would actually like a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
How about the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town? Does that sound nice? I can book you a room if you'd like.
Is the [University Arms] a 4 star hotel?
Correct, it is a 4-star hotel in the centre area. Would you like to book it?
Please book it for 8 people starting Monday for 3 nights.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for the time frame that you desire. Would you like to try another night or a shorter stay?
Ok, can we try 2 nights instead please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : S3T89UYV .


I would like to know the names of some good local restaurants. Could you tell me where to find a train? The train should arrive by [20:15].
Sure, what is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.
I have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm actually departing from [cambridge] and going to [london kings cross].
train ID TR8676 leaves for London Kings Cross on Wednesday 19: 00 and arrives at 19:51, will that be fine?
That sounds perfect, please book 1 ticket for me, and can I have the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4CTSEFMG .
I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
I see that there are several restaurants in the moderate price range, what type of food are you looking for?


I need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. I don't need free parking.
We have over 20 fine hotels. Do you have any preferences of cost or location?
I don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 4 stars please.
We have 11 in the moderate range. They are all a guesthouse accommodation. Would you like one of these?
I need one with free wi-fi.
I have two: [a and b guesthouse] in the east and avalon in the north. Would one of these work for you?
Can i book one on tuesday?
How long do you want to stay?
I would also need to book it for 4 nights.
before I look for that, could you let me know how many people are staying and what day you'd like to arrive?
One person, and I'd like to arrive on Tuesday.
OK, let me see what I can do.
After that I'm also going to need the reference number.
I have you booked. The reference number is WPGQ4ADJ .
OK, now can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?
We have 44 attractions in the centre of town Broughton House Gallery is a museum we have available.
Can you please provide me with the address, telephone number and the cost of admission.
How about [All Saint's Church] at 01223452587 in the centre? It's free.
I now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. I would like to leave the hotel by [15:45]. Can you book that for me?
I have your taxi booked. Look for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07655267463. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thanks so much. Bye.
Thank you. Enjoy your stay


Are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town?
There are two choices in the South area serving cheap food. Do you prefer Portuguese or Chinese?
I do not have a preference.
Nandos is the Portuguese place, and The Lucky Star is Chinese. Would you like more information on one or both of those?
Please give me the address and phone number for [Nandos].
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their number is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


Yes, I am looking for a hospital that is here in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, is there a particular department you're looking for?
I just need a phone number, thanks
The number is 01223245151. Can I help you with something else?
That is all I needed. Thank you for your help.
welcome. at your service next time
Thanks again. Goodbye.
You're welcome. If you ever need anything else just let us know.


I'm planning my trip and I need a train that leaves on saturday from norwich.
There is a train that leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday at 5:16. It will arrive to Cambridge at 6:35.
I need something that arrives by [08:45].
I have train TR6560 that arrives at 08:35 is that good for you?
That sounds good, can you book for 8 people please?
I have your seats reserved. The total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 9MVEG3RD . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much. Yes, I am trying to find a place to eat also.
Sure, I can help with that. Did you have a particular kind of food in mind?
I would like [Korean] food.
I have a listing for little seoul it is in the centre and expensive.
Is there anything more moderately priced available by way of Korean food?
I'm sorry. little seoul is the only korean restaurant around.
How about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves [Italian] food?
I have 5 to choose from. Did you prefer a certain area of town so that we can narrow it down?
Just pick one and give me: phone number and postcode
Okay, how about [pizza hut cherry] hinton. Their phone number is 01223323737 and the post code is cb17dy.
That will work! Thanks so much. Take care. Bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Can you tell me some colleges that I could go to in town?
Sure, what specific area of town are you interested in?
I'm looking on the east side of town.
I am sorry, but I have not found any colleges in the specific area you requested.
Ok, how about a museum in the east?
Okay. There are four museums in that area. I recommend the [Cambridge Artworks]. It is free admission.
That sounds nice can I please get a postcode, entrance fee, and phone number.
The phone number is 0122390268, postcode is cb13ef and there is no fee. May I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant called The [Copper Kettle].
Okay, The Copper Kettle is located on 4 Kings Parade in the city centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need reservations for 2 people at [13:30] on saturday.
Sure! Booking was successful and your reference number is PMI1IGTJ .
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Your taxi is booked! You will be picked up in a black tesla and their contact number is 07542406962. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you no that will be all!
Have a nice day.


Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.
What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after [13:45] please.
TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?
The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the east
Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.
The express by holiday inn cambridge is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.
I've found a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
[Chinese] would be great!
If you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve, I can book that for you.
I would like a table for 8 people at [17:30] on Wednesday
Then booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try the [Indian] restaurant?
Okay, that sounds good. I'll need a reference number.
It's booked, your reference number is 5YBVERXA .
Thank you so much for your help.
No problem. I hope you have a great day. Good-Bye!


I have a restaurant in mind that I'm trying to eat at tonight.
Great, can you give me the name?
Yes it's called [Rice House]. I would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at [16:30] on Saturday.
I can make that reservation for you.
Ok. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?
Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is ZIF2SFKO .
I would also like to find a place to stay with free wifi and parking.
Can you tell me how much you'd like to pay? I have hotels in the centre of town that are expensive and cheap.
Expensive price range, please.
I have two matching that criteria. Do you want me to choose?
Yes, please. Book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 7 people.
Okay, your room reservation is for [Gonville Hotel] located at Gonville Place. Your reference number is ROQAGG58 . Anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thanks for using our service today!


I need a 3 star hotel in the Cambridge centre.
The [Gonville Hotel] is the only 3-star hotel in the city center. Would you like to book a room there?
Not sure yet. Is it expensive? I only like to stay in expensive hotels.
It is an expensive hotel.
Sounds good. I need it for 8, 2 nights Friday.
Your reference is BY4SOX2L . Do you need anything else?
I was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the centre part of town.
There is none would you like to try another part of town?
No, but maybe there is something in the type of college?
[Emmanuel college] always has a lot going on, would you like more info on them?
Yes, could you give me their phone number and the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee. The number for Emmanuel College is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks. thats all for today. bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have an excellent trip!


I'm looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant. Can you find me one?
There are several what area would you like to eat at?
Yes, I'd like to eat in the centre if possible.
There are 2 curry garden and the golden curry. would you like to book either one?
Could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the [Golden curry]?
Sure the phone number is 01223329432 and the postal code is cb12az
Thanks. Can you help me find a hotel as well? I don't need internet, but I do need free parking.
I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet your needs. Do you have any other criteria?
I'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.
I'm still not finding anything. What part of town would you like to look in?
I would prefer something in the Cambridge area or close to it.
I can book the curry garden for you.
That's ok, I just need the postcode and phone number.
There are two hotels I can find, one called the [Gonville Hotel] which is in the centre. The telephone is 01223366611 and the postcode is CB11LY.
can i get a contact number and car type please?
Sure, where will you be traveling to and from? Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than [08:00]
I've got a Red Audi, contact number 07611734774 leaving at 08:00.
Thank you, that's everything that I need.
Great! Have a nice trip!


I'm looking for information about a restaurant named the [golden wok].
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the North part of Cambridge. Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table for 5 on Saturday at [12:00]?
A table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 67II8018 . May I help you with anything else?
That is all thank you!
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train to arrive by [12:15] on saturday. Can you help me?
Wonderful, I can help you. Could you help me by telling me where you're departing from, and where you'd like to arrive?
I am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. I need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 12:15, can you help?
The train closest to your requested arrival time is the TR4382. It departs Birmingham New Street at 08:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:23. Shall I book you a ticket?
I'm not ready to book, but appreciate the information.
No problem at all! Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Yes I would also like to find a place to dine that serves [italian] food and should be in the centre of town.
I can help you with that. What price range are you looking for?
It should be in the expensive price range.
There are 4 in the area I recommend [Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar].
yes, that's fine. Can I have the address please?
Yes, the address is Market Hill City Centre.
Perfect, that is all I need for right now. Thank you for all of your help! Goodbye.
You are very welcome! Thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for some boats in the East, actually.
The [camboats] are located in the east, how's that?
That might be good. What is the entrance fee?
I do not have information on the fee.
Ok, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called [don pasquale pizzeria].
Don Pasquale is in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. For 5 people at [14:00] on monday.
Your booking was successful with reference number 1RF57JD7 . Oh, by the way, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Enjoy!
Thank you for the reference number. Goodbye!
Have a lovely stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi.
I am sorry there are no matches. Would you like to try a 3 or 4 star hotel?
I could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 0.
I have two, does the area matter to you?
No, area doesn't matter.
Okay I have found the [El Shaddai] which meets your requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
I have you booked at the El Shaddai, the reference number is K8J1T9N4 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.
Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your visit.


Do you have any information on the Addenbrookes Hospital?
Yes, the hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Would you like the phone number?
Yes I need to know if they have a [gastroenterology] department.
The main hpospital number is 0122324515. The number for their gastroenterology department is 01223274284.
Thanks, what is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need any further assistance?
No that's it for now, I appreciate it. Goodbye!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hello. I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking.
I have 8 hotels with free wifi and parking. What price range would you like?
In the expensive price range please.
I have found several hotels. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I do not care about the area too much. Could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting Thursday for 5 nights?
I booked a room for you at the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place. Your reference number is 4ZRJZIVU . Can I help you with anything else today?
Is the [Gonville] a good quality hotel?
It is an expensive 3 star hotel. I'm sure you'll love it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.


I want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address?
The Nirala is a great moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north part of town. They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.


I need some information on a train going to stevenage.
We have many trains leaving to Stevenage at all times. Can I get your point of departure and day of travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Sunday.
TR6488 departs Cambridge on Sunday at 9:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 10:10. Would this work for you?
That's too early. I need an afternoon train. What do you have later on?
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I have to leave Cambridge after [13:00].
How about TR0523 departing at 13:21 and arriving in stevenage at 14:10?
That is fine. Can I get the price for a ticket please?
Sure, that ticket costs 10.24 pounds. Do you want me to book it?
Not just yet. I am just getting some information for now.
OK. Is there anything else you'd like to know, about the train or about anything else?
I would like to find a restaurant in the moderate price range.
I have 31 moderate priced restaurants. Is there a certain cuisine or area of town you would be interested in?
I'm interested in an [Italian] restaurant. What would you recommend in the moderate price range?
[Pizza hut cherry] hinton looks pretty good. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for 8 people at [10:15] on Sunday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L0NMNTY2 .
Thank you, that's all I need today!
Can I look anything else up for you today?
No thank you have a nice day.
Thank you for your help.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food.
I'm showing three restaurants that fit that description. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any price range is fine. Can you recommend one of the restaurants?
bloomsbury restaurant is an international restaurant in the centre area.
Hmm, I don't really like the food there. Is there anything else?
[the missing sock] is another restaurant there.
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
the missing sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road and their phone number is 01223 812660.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank You
Good bye.


I am looking for a restaurant serving [turkish] food in the centre part of town.
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
I don't care.
Is there anything else you want?
Yes, I would like a different selection please. What other places serve Turkish food?
There is efes restaurant in the moderate price range and meze bar restaurant in the expensive range. Both of them in the centre. Do you like their information?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and good bye.


Hello, are their any trains going to leicester?
Yes, many! Do you know what day you're traveling?
I am traveling on Saturday and I want to arrive by [15:15]. I will be departing from Cambridge.
The earliest you could arrive is 7:06. Would you like to try a different day?
Is there a time between 07:06 and 15:15? Please check again.
Sure! There's one that arrives at 15:06.
Are you able to book that for me?
Yes, would you like a reference number?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure, I can do that. How many tickets would you like me to book?
I need 8 tickets, please.
i booked that for you. your reference number is 12pc3j4w .
Thanks so much. I also needed to find out more information about [Clare College].
They are in the west 2.50. On trinity lane, postal cb21tl. Entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, any further questions?
I also need to find something to do.
There are many different options available to you. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I just need a little more information on [Clare College]. May I have the phone number, please?
Certainly, they can be reached at 01223333200, any other questiosn today?
What area are they located?
Clare College is in the west.
Ok thank you for the information.
Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a hotel called [kirkwood house]
Good day! The kirkwood house is a guesthouse type hotel in the northern area located at 172 Chesterton Road and can be reached at the telephone number 01223306283.
Lovely, I would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday please.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is : HOGURFVC . Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I am looking for an expensive [Portuguese] restaurant.
I'm so sorry but the only expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge are in the south or the north. Can I interest you in one of those?
No, I would like it to be in the centre. Are there any [Indian] Restaurants?
There are nine Indian restaurants located in the centre. Do you prefer the cheap or expensive price range?
I'd still prefer to keep it in the expensive price range if possible
The [Curry Garden] is an restaurant that serves Indian food and is expensive. Do you need more information?
No. I am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at [16:00]. Three people on Wednesday.
I just need to verify you want reservations for Curry Garden on Wednesday at 16:00 for 3. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct, I also need a reference number.
Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 5I58PIAF .
I need a ride to and from too please. I'll need the car type and contact number too please.
I have you booked, it is a red skoda, and their contact number is 07654958817 any other questions?
Thanks for all of your help, you've been great!
It's my pleasure! Have a wonderful time!


I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi.
There are many in the east that fit you description. Can I find out what type and rating place to stay you are looking for?
A [4 star] [guesthouse] would be ideal, thank you.
I have 6 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced room?
Either would be fine as long as it can accommodate 6 people for 2 nights starting this Sunday.
Would you like me to try and book a room for you at the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]?
Yes please and I need the address,thank you.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book those times. Would you like to try another hotel or time?
Could you try a different hotel in the same pricerange please?
Yes sure I was able to book you into the A and B and your reference number is MOE0AUAT .
Thank you so much for all your help. That is all I need.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for details on the [yu garden] restaurant.
Sure, it is an expensive Chinese restaurant. What would you like to know?
adress and phone number please and thank you
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 0122324882.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stansted Airport.
Okay what day and time would you like to travel?
on wednesday leaving after [11:30]
I have train TR6386 that will leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that work for you?
Yes it will what is the price?
It is 10.10 pounds
Great that is all I need for now thank you.
welcome. have we done all you wanted us to?
Yes, thanks for all your help today.
Your welcome. Hope your have a great trip.
Thanks. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.
Is there anything else I can assist with regarding your travels? Perhaps a hotel stay?


Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?
We have [christ's college] in the centre
Perfect, can I get the address?
Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street and their phone number is 01223334900. Do you need additional information?
how much is its entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee it is free.


I am looking for an upscale hotel.
[Gonville hotel] is in the expensive price range.
I need the hotel to be in the west part of the city and have free parking please.
The [Huntington Marriott Hotel] is the only expensive hotel in the west.
If it has free parking, I would like to book it for wednesday please.
How many days and how many people?
Can I get it for three nights. There will be two of us.
I cannot reserve a room at that time, perhaps another hotel?
Yes something else in the same price range please.
There is only 1 hotel in the area of west that is expensive. Would you like me search a different area?
Any area is fine, just in the same price range is what matters to me.
Okay. I booked you into the Gonville Hotel in the city center and your reference number is TSJA02XZ .
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. That was all I needed.
Thank you using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and enjoy your stay in our city!


I would like to find the [Anatolia] restaurant please.
I have that place here, the adress is 30 Bridge street City Centre, postcode cb21uj
What is the price range?
It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, I'm all set. Thanks! Bye!
Have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a hospital nearby?
The nearest hospital to you is at Hills Rd, Cambridge. would you like their phone number?
I would like the address and phone number please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223245151 and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Can you verify that the hospital has a [transplant high dependency unit]?
Yes, it does. Here is the unit's phone number: 01223216811. Do you need any other information?
No that is everything. Thank You
Alright sounds good. I hope everything is okay.


Can you help me find a train for Friday?
There are 404 entries for trains departing on Friday. Where will you be headed?
i'm headed to cambridge
Ok, we've narrowed it down to 202 trains, where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the stansted airport, and any time after [8:00] is fine. Can you tell me how much that will cost?
The cost will be 10.10 pounds. The TR1756 train leaves Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 8:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I am also looking for any parks in the north side of the city, do you know any?
Yes indeed, there is milton country park. What would you like to know about it?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address and postcode please?
Milton Country Park's phone number is 01223420060, its post code is cb46az and its address is milton country park, milton. Anything else I can help you with?
Great that is all the information I need, thank you.
I'm glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!


I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?
university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?
No, but The [Lensfield Hotel] meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?
Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
There are several trains leaving on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by [10:15].
Would you like to go to hogwarts?
Umm, no I am going to Leicester from Cambridge on Thursday arriving by 10:15.
Train TR4859 arrives at 10:06. Do you want me to book it?
Yes please! Also, kindly provide the price, travel time, and train ID if you can. Maybe I will visit hogwarts next time HAHA
TR4859 is a 105-minute trip, and the cost is 37.80 GBP per ticket.
Thank you very much.
Would you like for me to book a ticket for you?
No, thanks, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!
Will you be needing a taxi? Is there anything else that I can do for today?
No, that's all I will be needing today. Good-bye.
Thank you for your call. Please enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


Can you get me information on a restaurant called [j restaurant]?
It's an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, I need a table for 3 people.
Excellent, and what day and time?
sunday at [12] please
Reference number is : EZ8L6J51 . Anything else?
are their any swimming pools in the east?
Yes, there is a swimming pool at [Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch]. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, just give me the postal code and entrance fee.
Sure! the postcode is cb68nt and the entrance fee is not known.
I would also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant
I can take care of that for you. Do you have a time you plan on leaving the pool?
I just need it to arrive to the restaurant before our reservation.
Your taxi is booked. The contact number is 07780999958 and it will be a white toyota picking you up. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks. I got everything I needed. Take care. Bye.
I hope you have everything you need.


I need a place to eat in the east.
Do you have a preference for cuisine type or price?
Something that is moderate in price, and I'll need a table for 3 at [15:45] this coming saturday.
How about [Curry Prince] at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton?
That sounds fine. Do they have a table available for 3 on Saturday at 15:45?
I'll check that now. If they have availability would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes, please, I would like that.
I was able to book it, reference number is 4269Q40G .
Thanks! I also need to book a hotel room.
I have 33 hotels. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I would love something 4 star rated and I have a lot of work to do in the room so free wifi would be great.
If you have no preference on area, I'd like to recommend the [Autumn House] in the east. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.
You're all set. 5 nights at Autumn house, arriving on Saturday for 3 guests. Your Reference number is : VUOH5KP2 .
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
I am glad to have been able to assist you.


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. What do you have?
I ahve two places, Chines and Portuguese, which would you prefer?
Chinese would be great.
That would be [The Lucky Star] located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, Cherry Hinton. Can I book a table for you?
Yes. Can you book me a take for 5 at [18:00] on monday?
I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Would you like to try another venue?
Can we try [17:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VMFXYH18 .
i am also looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.
There are many hotels and guest houses. Do you preder a certain location and price range?
I definitely want a hotel, not a guest house. It should also be in the same area as the The Lucky Star restaurant.
The [Lensfield Hotel] is in the south and falls in the expensive price range. They're a 3 star establishment with free wifi and parking. Care to book a room?
I would like to book a room for 5 nights for 5 people starting the same day.
Unfortunately, I was not able to book it for monday. Did you have another day in mind?
Any other hotels?
I only see the lensfield hotel, maybe we can try with other dates?
I would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 3 nights only then.
Booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is ZE9TPUSJ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. Thank you for your help!
It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.


Can I get some information on a train?
Yes. Is there something specific you are looking for?
I'd like a train to depart at [9:30] in Cambridge.
i recommend TR1006. it goes to london kings cross and costs 19. 51. can we book?
how long is that train ride?
It is 51 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No but I do need help finding a particular hotel called the [Gonville HOtel].
Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre of town with free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book it?
I'd like to book it. Can you book it starting Sunday night for 5 nights. I need reservations for 6 people.
Ok, booking was successful! Your reference number is 5X759ZBR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You took care of everything, thank you so much.
You are very welcome.


I'm looking for a train from cambridge to the stansted airport.
I can help with that! What day will you be travelling?
Saturday after [20:00]. how much will this cost?
The cost of the trip from Cambridge to Stansted airport will cost 10.10 pounds for 1 person.
And what is the travel time please?
The trip lasts 28 minutes.
Okay thank you! that is all!
You're welcome! Have fun!
Thank you, bye
Goodbye, and thanks for contacting our service


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [european] food.
Would the centre part of town be convenient for you?
I don't care.
May I suggest the [Hotel du Vin and Bistro]?
Can you please give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street and phone number is 01223 227330.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an expensive price range
The [university arms hotel] is in the centre of town. Would that work?
That sounds good, does it have a 4 star rating and wifi?
yes it does have wifi and its a 4-star.
Does it also have free parking?
Yes, it provides free parking for guests.
If that one is in the expensive price range, I'd like to book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday please.
How many people would you like to book the room for?
There will be two people for two nights.
I was able to book the room for 2 people for Sunday and Monday. Your reference number is 6IQ0O2LB . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the east part of town.
how about curry prince or pipasha?
I would like one in the same price range as the hotel.
I have two options that are expensive. There is the Pipasha Restaurant and the Sitar Tandoori. Do you need a reservation to one of these?
Book [Sitar Tandoori]. 2 people, [14:45], Sunday.
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 415MKPVK . Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?
What type of food would you be interested in?
Actually, I want to visit a college. Somewhere in the centre.
I would suggest downing college, would you like the address?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?
The address is regent street and there is no entry fee.
Thank you. Do you have the postcode, please?
The postcode for Downing College is cb21dq. Anything else I have help you with?
Yes, I need a place to eat in that area. I want [Italian] food.
I would suggest [pizza express].
Can you check if they would have a table for 7 at [17:45] on Sunday?
Yes, they had a table available and I went ahead and booked it for you. Your reference number is HXSPEY9N . What else can I do for you?
I'll need a taxi to get me from [downing college] to [pizza express] by [17:45]. can you set that up for me?
I can do that for you! I have your taxi booked. Anything else?
Would you know what type of car will pick me up? May I please have a contact number for the taxi?
Booked car type red volkswagen Contact number 07633256482
Thank you! That is all that I need.
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


I am looking for a hotel, the [Alpha-Milton Guest House].
It is located in the north at 63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?
What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.
Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.
I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.
When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
We want to arrive on Friday and stay 4 nights.
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is J6QGGJ3 . Enjoy your stay!
Thanks! I also need a train for Tuesday.
What is your destination and your departure?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.
what time is convenient for you?
I would like to leave after [09:15]. I'd like the travel time, ID and price please
I have train TR2643 leaving at 15:00 arriving at 15:51 travel time 51 minutes with a price of 23.60 pounds.
Thank you for everything, that is all I need.
I'm glad that I could be of assistance today. Good-bye.


I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the expensive price range.
There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on what area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I just need to have free parking.
I have five hotels that all fit that criteria. Anything else you're looking for in a hotel or should I just book one of those for you?
I don't need it booked. Can I get the phone number and address of an expensive hotel with free wifi and parking? You choose.
The phone number for Gonville is 01223366611, and the address is gonville place
I also need a train departing from Stevenage leaving after [08:45]
What is your destination?
Cambridge on Friday.
The first train available leaves at 09:54 and arrives at 10:43. Will that work?
I think so, but can you confirm the price first? Thank you.
The price is 12.80 pounds.
Is there any earlier arrival times?
There is also a train that leaves at 07:54, would you like that one?
Could you please give me the arrival time and confirm that the price is still 12.80
Yes, the price is still 12.80. It arrives at 8:43.
OK, thank you. That is everything that I need.
Thank you for using our system today!


Hi there, I need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. I don't need internet so don't worry about that
24 guesthouses fit your criteria. Do you know what side of town you're wanting to be in or the pricerange?
I'd like a guesthouse rated 3 stars.
There are 4 guesthouses that meet your needs, 2 in the north and 1 each in the west and south. Would one of these interest you?
I will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 5 nights.
I will be happy to make your reservation, what day will you be arriving?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : RVSD43KC . what else can i do for you?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the west to celebrate our family.
What type of food would you prefer?
I would like [chinese].
I do not have an expensive Chinese restaurant in the West. Can I find you something different?
What about [greek] food?
I don't see any expensive greek restaurants in the west either. We do have British, European and Indian options available, though. Would you like information on one of those?
Okay, let's try one that serves [British] food.
i would suggest [graffiti]
OK, that sounds good. The same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. Can you book a table for [15:30]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZCJZ13XO . What else can I do for you today?
Great. Thank you. Now I need a taxi.
Okay and what day do you need the taxi for?
I will need the taxi the same day.
Sure, where would you like to be picked up from? Also where will you need to be dropped off and what time?
I would like to go from the restaurant to the [hotel].
Your booking is completed. A red Honda, contact number 07441837045 will pick you up in front of the restaurant at [17:30]. Does this time work for you?
Yes the time works for me . That will be all thanks and have a great day.
Any time, and you have a great day as well!


I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. I am looking for an attraction that has sports and located in the Centre, can you help me find it?
It doesn't look like such a place exists. Would you like me to look outside of the city centre?
No I would like to go somewhere in the centre. Is there a theatre of any type?
There are 4 theatres in the center - adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, may I please have the address, postcode, and phone number for the ADC Theatre?
The ADC Theatre is in postcode cb58as and is located on Park Street. The phone number is 0122300085.
Great, thanks. I also need to book a train going to cambridge, and I will be departing from broxbourne.
What is your departure day and time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by [19:00].
Ok, there are 13 different options, if you give me a departure time, we can narrow it down from there.
I have no set departure time as long as my arrival time is before or at 19:00.
TR1828 will get you in at 18:32. You leave at 17:32. May I book that for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, thanks. All I need is the ticket price.
The price of TR1828 from Broxbourne to Cambridge is 17.90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you!
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
Alright. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our site and let us know if you need anything else in the future.


Someone just hit my car and then attacked me, get the cops for me now!
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Thank you, may I please have the address?
They are located in Parkside, Cambridge with postal code CB11JG. Can I hep with anything else?
Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.
Alright, have a great day.


Can you find a restaurant for me that is southern and is in the mid price range?
I found Pizza hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum for you.
Does either one serve [Hungarian] food? I'd like Hungarian food.
Unfortunately there are no Hungarian restaurants in the area. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian and restaurant alimentum serves modern european if those interest you.
restaurant alimentum sounds interesting. Could you give me more information about this location?
[Restaurant Alimentum] is moderately priced. They are located at 152-154 Hills Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like a table for 2 on Wednesday.
What time would you like the reservation to be for?
I would like to dine at [13:30] and I also need the reference number.
You reservation is made for 13:30 and your reference number is X1UVXL1X . Can I help you with anything else?
I also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the east side and have free parking, I don't need internet.
Sure on the east side with free parking how about allenbell, autumn house, carolina bed and breakfast, or leverton house all guesthouses.
Any of those could work. You decide.
Let's choose [autumn house]. Do you have a preference for a time of day and for how long?
Sure, i want 3 nights starting Wednesday please.
Alright, your room has been booked at the Autumn House for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is RDXXH6Q8 .
Thank you for all your help. That sounds perfect.
You are quite welcome. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am in the past of town. Can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range?
Do you have a specific food type in mind?
I do not care about the type of food.
The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves many differnt types of food.
Is it in the west part of town?
Unfortuntately, Bloomsbury Restaurant is in the centre of town. Would you like for me to search in the west side?
yes west please
the [meghna] is one on the west side.
Great! Could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant?
The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'd like to check out an attraction on the east side.
There are 10 attractions in the east. Does a boat interest you?
Yeah, a boat sounds good. Can you get me the phone number and postcode for one?
I would recommend Camboats. They are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223902112. Their postcode is cb58sx.
Great. By any chance is that near a place called [Hamilton Lodge]? Someone recommended it to me but I don't know much about it.
Hamilton lodge is at 156 chesterton road
Could you give me their phone number and postcode? And is that a guesthouse?
Yes it is a guesthouse. The number is 01223365664 and the postcode is cb41da. Can I help with anything else
No, you've been a great help! Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a train that lease from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday.
There are 10 days departing London Liverpool Street on Tuesday. Is there a certain time of day you need to travel?
I would like to leave after [20:45].
OK I HAVE 1 TRAINS THAT LEAVE AROUND THAT TIMES ONE AT 21:39 WOULD THAT WORK FOR YOU ?
Yes as long as it leaves AFTER 20:45 that will be fine. How much is it and how long is the travel time?
the train ride is 88 minutes and the cost is 16.60 pounds. it leaves at 21:39 and your reference number is Q6UN1GVR . is there anything else i may help you with?
I am looking for places to go in town. What type of entertainment is there in the centre?
Which area are you interested in visiting in town?
I will be visiting the centre.
There is no entertainment in the centre. Would you be interested in a different type of attraction?
How about architecture type instead?
I have 5 choices for you. If I might suggest the [Holy Trinity Church]. It has the most unique architecture in our area. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great. Do you happen to know the entrance fee for it?
Like I mentioned, Holy Trinity Church is totally free. Is there anything else you'll be needing today?
No, I don't think so! Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge.
I have found 24 guesthouses in cambridge. Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I don't care but it needs to be cheap.
Okay, the [allenbell] is a cheap guesthouse, would you like me to make a booking?
Does it have free parking and internet? Also, I'd like to be in the centre of town.
Yes it does and it in the east though, is that going to be problem?
Yes, I need one that is in the centre. Please give me the postcode, price range and star of the hotel.
I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse available in the centre. It's cheap, 4 stars, with free wifi and parking. It's in postcode cb12de. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by [16:15].
What is your departure and destination locations?
I would like to depart from kings lynn and go to cambridge.
We have 11 trains matching your request. Was there a specific time you wanted to depart?
Whichever one gets me to Cambridge closest to 16:15.
TR8932 will arrive at 15:58 would that work for you?
Wonderful, could I just have the price for now? I may book myself later.
The price per ticket on TR8932 is 9.8 GBP. Will that be all?
Yes, thank you so much! Goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!


Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich on friday.
Of course what day would you like travel?
I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, I'm hoping to leave by [12:00].
TR8662 runs norwich to cambridge and leaves at 11:16 that day. Should I book it for you?
could I have the price please?
The price of the TR8662 is 17.60 pounds per ticket. Is there anything more I can help you with today?
I would like to find a lovely hotel to stay in cambridge that has free wifi, so I can watch netflix. Can you help me with that as well?
We have lots of accommodations that include free wifi. What type of place would you like to stay in, and what area of the city do you prefer?
I'd like a 4 star hotel but it doesn't matter which area it's in.
I'm showing 3 different ones. One is located in the centre & the other 2 are west. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Oh I'm sorry, I forgot I need to know what time my train will arrive in Cambridge. Can you please help me with that first?
The TR8662 train arrives in Cambridge at 12:35. Do you want me to book a hotel now?
Yes, I'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday.
The booking at [huntingdon marriott hotel] was successful. Your reference number is 5ZCWD20P .
Thank you. That will be all.
Welcome. have a nice day.


I need a taxi departing from [leverton house].
I'd be happy to book that for you, first I'll need to know your destination.
I'm going to [ugly duckling] and must be there no later than [23:30] please
I've booked a red Toyota, the contact number is 0757492861.
Alright I have everything I needed and I appreciate your help. Thank you and have a great night.
You're welcome. Have fun.
That's all that I need today. Thanks again!
No problem! It was a pleasure


What's fun to do on the south side?
[Cinema Cinema] is the first attraction listed.
What type of attraction is it and how much does it cost?
[Cineworld Cinema] is a cinema. I can't find information on the price. You may call them directly at 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you call them for me please. I am not from the area and do not want charges on my phone.
Thank you so much for helping me find an attraction. I have the number and I will give them a call. You have a great day.


I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves [molecular gastronomy] food please.
i'm sorry but there are no molecular gastronomy restaurants within this area. sorry about that.
How about [modern european] food?
There is one. [De Luca Cicina and Bar] located in the centre. Does that work for you?
That works just fine. Book it for myself at [17:30] on Tuesday if that's available.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to try for another day or time slot?
Do they have an opening at [16:30], by any chance?
Yes that certainly worked! You're booked for 16:30 on Tuesday and your reservation number is IBFE4S17 .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay at. I don't need free parking.
I have 3 guesthouses that meet your criteria. One is in the east and the other 2 in the north, which area would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I would prefer a 3 star one.
The alpha-milton guest house is the only place matching your criteria.
That one sounds perfect. Can I get the address for the [alpha-milton guesthouse] please.
The address is 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is great. Thanks for all your help.
No problem at all! Keep us in mind when you need a hand!


Hello, I am trying to locate a restaurant that serves [northern European] food, and I would prefer a more elegant setting.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your requests. Would you like me to search for a different food type?
How about an expensive restaurant that serves [British] food?
There are six expensive British restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred section of town?
It's all new to me. Could you recommend one?
Absolutely, I recommend the Cambridge Chop House at 1 Kings Parade in the centre of town. This is a highly recommended British experience by locals and tourists a-like.
Great. Could you also help me find a cinema in the south of town?
Sure thing, we have the cineworld cinema located at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way.
[Cineworld] sounds perfect. What's their postal code?
The postal code is cb17dy. Can I get you anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you for all of your help today.
Have a good time!


Can you get me information on a place called [kymmoy]?
Kymmoy is a restaurant serving expensive Asian Oriental cuisine in the city centre. It's address is 52 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb12as, and it's phone is 01223311911. Anything else?
Can you book a table for 5 people at [18:45] on tuesday.
Done! The table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is N7833WX5 . Is there anything that I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a police station, I think it's called "Parkside".
There is a Parkside Police Station with a CB11JG Postcode, and its Telephone is 01223358966.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. You will be in good hands. Goodbye.


i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.
There are 10 locations on the cheap side. Do you have an area of town in mind?
I have no preference regarding the area.
We have 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them 4 star guesthouses?
7 of them are four star guesthouses. would you like me to book you a reservation?
What's the postcode for your favorite of those guesthouses?
How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It's in the CB12DE postcode.
Okay. Can you also provide me with information on The [Cambridge and County Folk Museum]? I would like their phone number, venue type and postcode.
got it right here. What would you like info on?
The County Folk Museum. I need the phone number, venue type and postcode.
Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223355159. Postcode is cb30aq and it is in fact a museum like the name suggests
Can you reserve tickets for me?
I cannot reserve tickets to the museum, if that's what you're asking.


I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.
What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?
I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?
You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by [08:15] in Cambridge please.
Yes for how many people ?


i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after [16:30], please.
Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.
Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.
The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC .
I also need a place to stay, I'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.
Ok i will find you one as soon as possible and inform you thanks a lot


Am looking for a hospital in town
The telephone for the local hospital is Addenbrookes the phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you Goodbye.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else you need assistance with?


I'm in the centre of town and need suggetions on things to see.
I have 44 entries for attractions. Are you looking for architecture, colleges, parks, nightclubs, or maybe a museum?
Nothing particular. What is your favorite attraction in the centre of town?
You might enjoy the Cambridge Punter. It's a boat.
Sounds fun. Do you know the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, it is not listed. But if you'd like to call them the phone number is 07807718591. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.


I would like some information on the [gonville hotel]
The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. There is free internet and parking. It is located at Gonville Place and their phone number is 01223366611.
Excellent. Could you book it for myself and my partner?
Sure. Can you confirm when you will be arriving and for how many nights you will be staying?
My companion and I will arrive on Monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? We will need to book a train as well.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5C9C9Y4I . now i can help you book a train
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by [9:45] leaves on sat going to ely
I have train TR8860 and leaves at 5:50 and arrives at 6:07. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. Could you book that for five people as well?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : THCMI67T .
Thank you. That is all I need today.
enjoy your time with us in Cambridge, enjoy!


I need a taxi from [finches bed and breakfast] to Ian hong house. Please be here at [13:45]. What is your phone number? What type of car?
Can you please provide me with a destination and arrival time? Thank you.
I need to arrive to [Ian hong] house by 13:45.
Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue volkswagen and contact number is 07602572766
Thanks so much. That is all I needed.
Great, have a wonderful visit and a fantastic day. Thank you.


We are planning to be in cambridge. We would like to go to a swimmingpool in the east. Are there any available in the east?
Yes! [Abbey Pool and Astroturf] Pitch is in the East, on Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Could I get the phone number and what the entrance fee is please?
Of course! The phone number is 01223902088. The entrance fee is unknown, I'm afraid. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you give me some information about a hotel called [Allenbell]?
Yes, the Allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse located in the east part of town.
Can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on Monday for 7 people. Please and thank you.
I was able to book that for you. Your confirmation number is 0CPDT1O5 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, nothing else. Thanks so much.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a [mexican] restaurant in the south part of town.
[Chiquito restaurant bar] is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range. Would you like additional information?
What is the phone number and price range
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like the address please.
The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
OK thank you. That's all for today then.
Thank you and good bye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
You're in the right place! What can I help you with.
I want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from Broxbourne.
And where will you be leaving from and what time and on what day please?
I need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after [20:00] on thursday
There are four trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge that night, every hour starting at 20:32. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I need 5 tickets please.
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 89.5 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is STB4RJ95 .
Thanks! I'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the north.
[acorn guest house] would suits your needs. Can I get you a booking?
Yes, I would like to book it.
How many nights would you like to book it for? And will this be for 5 people?
Yes, for 5 people and for 2 nights please.
starting on what day please?
Starting on thursday night please.
I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Thank you I appreciate it.
Those days are booked would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you check one more time?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GVD2TJSE .
It's about time, thanks. That is everything I need.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
Nope, that will be all for now, thanks!
Have a great day.
One moment i need to located a hair salon near the hotel can you assist me?
Sorry I could not find a salon nearby.
That's fine I didn't actually need one. I don't need anything else. That's it. Thanks and bye!
I'm glad I could help you today. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by [09:00]?
Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from norwich
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday.
TR4202 will leave at 07:16 and arrive 79 minutes later at 08:35. It will cost 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
cool, actually i need eight seats.
Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for 8 tickets is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is AT6FDYTN . Anything else you need today?
I need to book a 3 night stay starting on Tuesday for 8 at the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest house]. I need a reference number for it.
Okay, the booking was successful. Reference number is : FKO2U5E7 . Anything else I can help you with?
thank you that is all
Excellent. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Hello I am looking for a guesthouse please.
I have 24 guesthouses in Cambridge. Do you have an area of the town you'd like to stay in so we can narrow down this list?
I would like to stay in the west. I prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 3 star.
There is the [hobsons house] which is 3 star and has wifi and free parking.
Could I please get the postcode, and the address for this guesthouse?
Sure the postcode is cb39lh. Their address is 96 barton road.
Great. I'll also need a train going to cambridge.
And where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester. The train should leave on monday.
I've got 19 trains that leave on Monday. What time would you like to arrive?
I would like the earliest train available please. Can you tell me the train ID and travel time please?
The TR3173 leaves at 06:54 for a duration of 105 minutes. Would you like a seat booked?
Not right now, but I do need to know the fare for that train.
The fare will be 37.80 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, I think that's it for today. Have a nice one. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy!


Looking for a place to eat in the city center.
There are many options to choose from. Do you have a type of food in mind?
I'd like to have some [Chinese] food.
That narrows down the restaurant choices to 10. Is there a price range you would like to stay in?
I am looking for a moderately priced place to eat, I am also looking to book a room in the [bridge guest house] hotel.
Which dates will you be staying at the Bridge Guest Room house?
Before I commit I have a few questions. What area is the hotel located in?
The hotel is in the south area.
Does it provide free parking?
Yes, free parking and free wifi!
OK, 2 questions. 1 - What are the moderately priced restaurants in the center of town; and 2 - how many stars does the Bridge Guest House have? Thanks!
The Bridge Guest House is a 3 star lodging.
That was all the questions I had. Thank you very much for helping me.
I'm happy I could help you today. Have a wonderful day!


I'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the north part of town. Do you have any suggestions?
Sure! There are swimmin pools, boat, and a park. What would you like more information on?
Any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the north. I'll need the address and entrance fee information as well, please.
Well the [Milton Country Park] is free and their address is milton country park, milton.
Great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you look for a 4 star hotel with free parking?
I have 3 hotels matching your request. Two are in the west and one center. Do you have a preference in part of town?
Are any of them in the moderate price range?
There are none in the moderate price range, I have a couple expensive and 1 cheap. Do you have a preference?
How about guesthouses? Any matches?
I found a great 4 star guesthouse on the east side in the moderate price range. It's [carolina bed and breakfast]. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I'll be coming in on Wednesday with 5 people total. We'll be staying for 5 nights.
Your room has been reserved. Reference number is RQ1GW9PE .
Thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. I need to get there by [22:00]
Sorry, can you clarify which is the destination and which is the departure site? I know you want to arrive by 22:00 but at which place?
from the hotel to the attraction please
A blue ford will arrive at Carolina Bed and Breakfast at 22:00 to take you to Milton Country Park. The driver's contact number is 07842440492
Great, thanks! You've been a big help.
You are welcome. Do you need any information about restaurants? I can help with that, too.
I only need a taxi.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking
There are 2 hotels with a 3 star rating and free parking. Would you like to stay in the centre or south?
Either is fine. I'd like a guesthouse.
Sorry, I was mistaken. There are 3 guesthouses matching your request. One each in the south, north, and west. Would you like to book one?
Yes please. Which is the cheapest?
I can only tell you they are all in the moderate price range. Do you have any other preferences?
No. I would like to make a reservation for Wednesday for 3 nights and 8 people. I will also require a reference number.
I was unable to book your stay at any of the three hotels. Would you like to change the length of your stay or change the day?
Can you please try a 2 day stay.
Booking was successful for the [bridge guest house]. Your Reference number is : LBEOV690 .
Thank you. Have a nice day.
Thank you. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the centre of the city.
Okay, there are fifteen restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you have a preference on the cuisine that is served?
Not really. Which is your favorite?
[Chinese] would be a good choice. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, for 6 people, [12:15] on Wednesday. Reference number please.
I'll book you at [Charlie Chan]. In my opinion, its the best! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W3TZFF5S .
I would also like a place to stay. I would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the centre.
el shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in the cheap pricerange. Does this work for you?
Is there not a hotel?
I'm sorry, there are no cheap 0-star hotels in the centre area of the city.
How about a guesthouse with 0-star and cheap?
The El Shaddai is the only one. Would you like to book a room there? Or maybe you need some more information? Or we could try another part of town.
More information please. I'd just like the address and postcode for [El Shaddai].
There are no hotels in El Shaddai that have 0 stars and are cheap.


I'd like train information for cambridge.
I will need more information to narrow down the results. What day would you like to depart on, and what area is your departure from?
Departing fro Ely on Wednesday and arriving by [09:30].
There are two trains. One arriving at 5:52 and one at 7:52. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Can I get the travel time and price on the 5:52 one?
TR5348 leaves Ely at 5:35 and arrives in Cambridge by 5:52. The price for a ticket is 4.40 pounds and the ride's duration is 17 minutes.
Ok, and I also want to find out about an attraction called [Tenpin] please.
Tenpin is an entertainment attraction in the south part of town their phone number is 08715501010, and address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you so much for the information
Great, thank you.


Hello I need a train leaving after [13:00] that is departing from London Liverpool Street please.
There are trains leaving every 2 hours at 39 minutes past the hour from 13:39 until 23:39. All cost 16.60 pounds and take 88 minutes. Which do you prefer?
As long as they all go to Cambridge that is perfect. Looks like I can get a trip on any of the trains.
Train TR5015 leaves at 13:39 on Friday. Will that work?
No, I need to leave on Wednesday. What's available for that day?
Same time on Wednesday. Does that work?
What time will I arrive in Cambridge on that train?
TR2826 will arrive in Cambridge at 15:07. Would you like to book?
No, I need help finding a cinema located in the east
I have one located in the south and one located in the centre. do you have a location preference?
Either is fine. I just need a phone number so I can call one of them. Thanks.
vue cinema is in the centre & the phone number is 08712240240
I'm sorry, but if their is no cinema in the east, can you find me a swimming pool instead?
I located the information for Parkside pools located at gonville place telephone# 01223446100. Is there anything else you would like for me to look up.
No. You've been very helpful today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day!


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. I'm really interested in a theatre.
There are 4 theatres in the centre I recommend [Mumford Theatre]. Would you like the address?
Could I get their phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 08451962320. May I help you find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as Mumford Theatre.
What type of cuisine and price point do you prefer?
do you have any in mind? It really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.
[The varsity restaurant] comes highly recommended and serves international food. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people at [19:30] on friday please
Your reference number is UZNF1KZ5 and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else in which I can help you?
Great, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please contact 07732601077 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That will be all.
Ok! Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town.
cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
How about a moderately priced [Russian] restaurant? I don't care what part of town it's in.
I am sorry, there is no moderately priced russian restaurant. Would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food?
How about [Chinese] food?
I'm sorry, there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to try something else?
I would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town.
jinling noodle bar, shanghai family restaurant, and lan hong house are in the centre. Golden wok is in the North.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 566188.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the centre part of town
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and good bye.


I'm looking for a good place for entertainment in the centre. Any recommendations?
Unfortunately there are no places in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Lets drop entertainment and look up one for the type of college.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Do you have one in mind?
Any one would be fine, can I just get the address, phone number and postcode?
Christ's college, in the centre of town. Number is 01223334900. Address is post code, cb23bu, Saint Andrew's street. No fee to enter. Do you need anything else?
Find a train that departs from cambridge, leaving on thursday, please.
Sure, where are you going to?
I'm going to leicester and need to leave after [21:00].
There are three trains that leave Cambridge after 21:00, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes please book the train for me, and I will need the travel time as well. Thank you for your help.
TR3470 leaves at 21:21 and arrives by 23:06, duration is 105 minutes. I will book it for you if you will tell me how many tickets you need.
No, that is ok. I appreciate all your help.
I hope you got all the information you need. Have a nice day. Good-Bye.


Please help me find a train which will arrive in Cambridge on Monday.
Where would you be departing from and what time would you like to travel?
I am travelling from Kings Lynn after [11:30]
I recommend TR5091 for the quickest travel after 1130. Can I book this trip for you?
I want to book for 2 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VC9DZEG8 . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, actually. Can you tell me about [City Stop Restaurant]?
Well, they serve european food and are located in the north. The price range is on the expensive side. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
What area is it located in please?
City Stop Restaurant is in the North area?
Ok, thank you!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you at city stop restaurant? Just tell me how many are in your party, and what day and time.
No thanks I just needed to know the area, thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that is all I need help with. Thank you very much!
Thank You. Goodbye


I am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves [european] food?
There are a number of restaurants that serve european food, can you narrow down the area or price range?
I don't care. give me the address and phone number of one of them.
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] serves European food and it is in the expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 355166 and the address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Great! thank you
Thank you and have a great day!


Hi, I'd like to find an expensive [cantonese] restaurant.
There are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences. Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
How about [North American] food?
[Gourmet Burger Kitchen] serves North American food, is in the expensive price range, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the information. Goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


Hey there. I am trying to plan my trip for Cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. It's called the [Sesame Restaurant and Bar].
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar is in the centre. The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I want to book a table for one for Tuesday [12:00].
I can do that, would you like anything else?
i need a train which goes to birmingham new street and should arrive by [09:00]
What day would you like to leave and what would your departure location be?
I need to leave on Wednesday and depart from Cambridge.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Um sorry but can we actually go back to the restaurant again really quick. Did you even really book that for me? I never got a reference number from you...
Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : WBI1HK2O . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's it for now, thank you!
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [African] food.
There is an African restaurant in the centre area called [Bedouin].
What are the address and postcode, please?
Bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is CB12BD. Is there anything else I can help with?
that's all, thanks!
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge, looking for a place to dine.
I can help with that. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
[turkish] is really good to me
We have three options available. Two are moderately priced while one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the moderately priced. Kindly book a table for 5 people for me for Saturday by [18:00].
A table at [Anatolia] has been booked. The reference number is 4CKLSLAJ . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday from birmingham new street.
What is the destination, time you want to leave and arrival time?
I need to leave Sunday from Cambridge and travel to Birmingham New Street, arriving before [17:45].
Train TR2236 arrives by 17: 23, should I book that?
No thank you, what time does the train leave Cambridge?
Sorry, there was an error earlier. The train you want is TR4905, leaving Cambridge at 15:01 and arriving Birmingham at 17:44.
How long is the journey between the two places?
The travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please make a booking.
How many people will be travelling?
I need five tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station.
Great, thank you. Is there a confirmation number?
YEs its littlelamb5 . THanks
Thanks for all your help today. I think that's it.
Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?
I show two restaurants that fit your criteria. One is chinese and one is indian. Which one would you like to find out more about?
Please tell me the address and phone number of the [indian] restaurant
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966. Will that be all or can I assist you further?
That's all I need, thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I need a place with rated 4 stars in the east. Can you help me find one that like a guesthouse?
I have found the [allenbell] guesthouse. It meets all of your criteria, is in the cheap price range, and provides internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday. Can i get a reference number?
The reference number for your booking is KEBFTR7I . Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you, that is it for today. Goodbye.
Okay, great. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.


I need help, I was robbed.
Oh no! The number to the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966.
Can I get the address. I would like to go directly to the Station.
Yes the Parkside Police Station is at Parkside, Cambridge Postcode CB11JG. Anything else I can help with?
Nope, you have been great!
I'm so glad to have helped. You have a pleasant time at the police station, now!


Can you help direct me a restaurant called [Golden House]?
Yes, Golden House is at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg.
Can you provide me reviews about this listing. Is this a great hotel and what are the accommodations. Does this place have good customer service
I'm sorry, I don't understand. Golden House is a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you please clarify what you're looking for?
Yes sorry I meant does the restaurant have any reviews? Also I need help looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving in Kings Lynn.
Sorry, I can't provide reviews. There are 19 trains for Saturday going to Kings Lynn, where is your departure city?
Cambridge
Okay I would be happy to book you a seat on the train if you tell me when you want to leave and arrive and how many people will be traveling.
just me, leave at [19:45]. please tell me the arrival time and travel time
You can depart at 19:11, arriving at 19:58, or at 20:11, arriving at 20:58. Travel time is 47 minutes.
thank you
Happy to help!


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me with that?
Sure what area do you have in mind?
I'd like it to be in the east. A guesthouse would be great with a 4 star. Also, I don't care about internet.
We have 6 different guesthouse that fit your current criteria. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Price range doesn't matter, can you find one with free wifi?
I have six 4 star guesthouses with free wifi in the east area of town. Do you have a price range?
Nope. Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the address, price range, and postcode, please?
The A and B guesthouse meets your criteria and is located at 124 Tenison Lane, postcode cb12dp. The price range is moderate.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train to stevenage for tuesday.
Will you be departing from cambridge?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
What time of day would you like to travel?
The train should leave at [10:45].
The TR6009 will fit our needs. Would you like for me to book this train?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.
I've book 7 tickets on Train TR6009 departing Cambridge at 13:21. Your total fare is 89.6 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is 2SCUVBST .
Great, thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's it. Thanks for everything! Bye!
Your very welcome. Have a great day.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me?
I can definitely help with that. First of all, is there a preference on price range?
Moderately priced with a star of 3 will do.
I have four options. Do you have a preference on which side of town?
I would like one in the North please
I would recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House. It is in the North and moderately priced.
Does it have free wifi? I will need the postcode if it does.
I am afraid it does not. Hamilton lodge does have free wifi. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. May I have the post code for the Hamilton?
Sure! The postcode is cb41da.
I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.
Sure. There are 2 swimming pools, a boat attraction, and a park in the area. Which one would you like information on?
The boat sounds like something I'd enjoy. Is there an entrance fee?
I'm sorry but the entrance fee can only be seen once at the location.
Okay. Well, thank you and goodbye! Have a nice day.
You're welcome! I hope that you have a nice day as well! Goodbye.


I'm looking for some [Chinese] food, any good places in town?
Yes I have many options. What price range or area would you prefer?
Let's do expensive.
There are five expensive Chinese restaurants. Two of them are in the south.
I was hoping to find something located in the center of town. Are there any expensive Chinese restaurants there?
[HK Fusion] is an expensive Chinese restaurant located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like more options?
This restaurant will be fine.
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please, 2 people at [19:00] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MT2UHUCB .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. Can you help me with that?
Yes i will find you one and inform you as soon.thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you


Can you found me a swimming pool in the south part of town?
Unfortunately I was unable to find a pool at the south part of town, however we have some north east and at the centre
What about a type of park?
There are five, including wandlebury country park in the south.
[Wandlebury country park] is fine. Can I get the entrance fee?
Actually, they have free entrance. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their phone number is 01223243830. Their postcode is cb223ae.
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call.
You're welcome. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a nice day!


Are there places in town centre of architectural interest?
There are many churches and old schools in town, what would you like to see?
Surprise me. What are the entrance fees?
All Saints Church is beautiful, and, better yet, it's free!
That sounds great, thanks so much for your help!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That's all I needed.
Thank You, have a nice day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
You're in luck, I have 9 guest houses available in the cheaper price range. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Does not matter but I do need free wifi and and a star of 0.
There are two guesthouses that meet your needs: city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
[North B and B] sounds nice. Could you book this for me?
How many people are in your party and when will you be staying?
There will be four people.
And how many nights will you be staying? And what day are you arriving?
I'll be arriving on Saturday and staying 3 nights.
Your reference number is IREQ1EKT . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. It should leave Bishops stortford after [12:15], going to cambridge on saturday.
The first train after 12:15 is TR5108 which leaves at 13:29, does that work for you?
Sounds perfect. Please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. Thanks
Your train tickets are all booked! Your reference number is KOOYDYFY . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we increase the amount of people to 8?
No problem, the fee is 64.64 and reference number is B5JCS4TL .
I think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.
Would you like me to look up anything else for you today?
Nope. That's all. Bye, thanks.
Thanks for calling Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an attraction called [Gonville and Caius College]. Will you help me?
Yes, that is a college located in the centre part of town and is located on Trinity Street. Their phone number is 01223332400.
Thank you for that. Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee?
Certainly. The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21ta. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves [british] food?
Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
i'd like it to be in the west.
I have the graffiti or the travelers rest. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to try [Graffiti]. Can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?
it is located in Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, cb30lx. their phone number is 01223277977
Thank you very much, that should be it.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too!
Thank you! Bye!


Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate [turkish] place to eat at. Is there anything like that?
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria. The Anatolia and the Efes Restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Are either of those in the centre of town?
Yes, they both are.
Okay. Can you book me a table for 4 at the [Anatolia]?
Sure. What day and time would you like?
I need it for Saturday at [14:15].
Your table has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is N25GQTNZ . Can I help with anything else today?
I need a train departing from Peterborough on the same day as the restaurant booking.
There are lots to choose from. What time would you like to arrive or depart by?
I want to arrive by [11:30]. Departure time doesn't matter, but I'd like to know what time.
I have located several options for you. All trains cost 13.20 pounds and 50 minutes long. Trains leave from 7:48 to 10:19 for arrival by 11:30. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the [10:19] train please. thank you.
Great. I was able to book you into that seat and your reference number is UCWR9ZCJ .
Thank you, have a nice day.
You're most welcome.


Hi I need to find a restaurant in the Centre part of Cambridge that falls in the moderate price range, can you give me some suggestions please.
There are several Italian, European, and Chinese restaurants in that area, would you like one of those options?
A reservation at any will do. Please reserve a table for 3 at [19:15] on sunday.
[Lan hong house] would be a good choice for Chinese. I will book that for you. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : US2BCO6D .
I am looking for a place to stay in an expensive price range. I don't need any free parking.
I have 5 hotels in the expensive price range, would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, I just want it to be a hotel type and not a guesthouse.
Great, both university arms hotel, and huntingdon marriott hotel are four stars. Can I book one of these for you?
Book the [Huntingdon Marriott] please.
Certainly, I'll just need the arrival and departure date as well as how many people will be staying.
Arriving on Saturday and departing on Monday, please, for two adults. I'll also need the phone number, postcode, and internet availability with my confirmation number, please.
The phone number is--01480446000 The postcode is--pe296fl. Yes internet is available.
Great, thanks a lot for your help!
Thank you for using our system!


I'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.
Do you have a particular food type that you would like to enjoy?
Yes, is there any [chinese] in the area?
sesame restaurant and bar is great. it is situated in 17 hills road city centre postcode cb21nw. can i give you the phone number?
On second thought, I'd rather have [Mediterranean] food. Would you see if there's an expensive one in the centre area?
There are two. La Mimosa and [Shiraz] Restaurant. Shiraz is my favorite. Would you like to book a table?
Yes,table for 1 people at [12:15] on friday , thank you
Reference number is : 1DZDPY4K . What else can I help you with?
Also looking to visit a museum in the same area as the restaurant. Could you give me the phone number and postcode of one please?
I would recommend the [Primavera]. Phone is 01223357708. Zip code is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Next, I will need a taxi to go from the museum to the restaurant so I can get there in time for lunch. Is that possible?
Yes, I've booked you a taxi. It is a yellow tesla, Contact number : 07670621306
Thank you that's all the help I need today.
You are welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge. Bye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the north
There are 11 entries in the north. What price range are you looking for?
50 to 75 dollars
when would you like to move into the room
I would like to move in on Saturday and stay for 4 nights.
The alpha-milton guest house is available, which is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
I also need to make sure it has free wifi and can accommodate two people.
Booking was unsuccessful. Please book another day or a shorter stay
How about starting on Sunday?
I'm sorry the Alpha-Minton doesn't have free wifi. I booked you into the [Avalon] starting Saturday, which you wanted.
Thanks! May I have the reference number?
Sure! That is BANQDUCA .
Thank you very much.
You are more than welcome!


Can you help me find a hotel called [city centre north b and b] please?
Yes, it's a guesthouse in the north part of town with cheap prices. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday
The booking was successful, your reservation number is OOMOE6L0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any [vietnamese] restaurants in the north area of town?
No, there are not. The only vietnamese restaurant is located in the west.
How about a [chinese] restaurant instead?
There are 3: Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Do any of these sound good?
Could you reserve a table at [Hakka] for me?
What day and time would you like?
i would like to book a table for the same day at [17:15]
And for how many people?
Just two please.
You are all set for your reservation. The reservation number is 0CBRAMIK .
Ok that is all I needed thank you!
Alright, have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by [10:30].
Where will you be traveling to?
I am traveling to Cambridge.
What day are you taking the train?
I am leaving on Friday. What is the cost please?
The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a place to stay.
There are plenty of options available to you. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, stars, or type?
I'd like a guesthouse that includes free parking.
Okay, great! Do you have a certain area in mind?
I have no preference for the area, but I would like something that includes free wifi and is in the expensive price range, please.
I'm sorry. There aren't any expensive guesthouses available for a reservation. Would you like me to check for a cheap or a moderately priced one?
Could you check to see if there are any expensive hotels then?
There is the Gonville Hotel in Centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the Gonville Hotel plus the address and phone number.
3 stars, phone 01223366611, address gonville place.
Wonderful. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.
What area of town are you wanting to stay in? What is your price range?
It can be anywhere in town, but I'd like the hotel to be in the cheap price range if possible.
It would seem there are no cheap 2 star hotels that offer free parking. Would you maybe like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
How about in the expensive price range?
There are many hotels in this category that offer free parking. How many stars would you prefer?
I would prefer one with a rating of 2 stars.
I have one 2 star expensive hotel, The [express by holiday inn Cambridge]. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZULEU3K1 . Did you need to find anything else today?
I would like to eat at a restaurant please.
Sure. I have many to choose from. Are you looking for a particular type of food, price range or location?
I'm just looking for something that's in the same price range as the Hotel
There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind or shall I recommend one?
I would like a cuisine of [asian oriental].
I have 2 asian oriental restaurants. Saigon City and Kymmoy. Let me know which you prefer and I can give you more info or book it for you.
Can I please get the address for Saigon City?
Of course, the address for [Saigon City] is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant.
Of course! What time would you like the taxi to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave the hotel by [6:45]. Once that is booked can you provide me with the phone number and car type?
Okay I have booked you a grey Tesla with a contact number of 07632382262. It will pick you up at 6:45 at your hotel .
Can you book reservations for the restaurant at [7:30]
On what day and what size party?
2 people on a Monday I think please.
The restaurant has been booked for 7:30 on Monday for 2 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Do you need the reference number for the reservation at the restaurant?
Yes, I wasn't planning to book but since I have I suppose I'll take that number. That will be all for today - thank you for your help!
Glad to have been of service! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train to leave on thursday to arrive at broxbourne.
Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge sometime after [7:00]pm.
Train TR0146 should fit the bill. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes. I would like to book 4 people.
I've made those reservations the reference number is 2LAGCY07 and the price is 71.59 GBP.
Thank you. Can yo also find an entertainment attraction in the centre of town?
I am sorry something more specific?
What about an attraction featuring architecture?
I dont have anything of the kind, should I look in another area?
I am looking for a attraction in the type of entertainment please,.
For some reason there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town, are you able to go to another part of town?
Can you try again? There must be something.
Not in the centre. Do you have any other locations in mind?
how about something to do with architecture in the centre?
There's plenty to choose from, and most of them have free admission.
I would like a architecture in the centre please.
I recommend great saint mary's church, they are at market square, postal cb23pq, phone is 01223350914, entrance fee is 2 pounds but it is worth the admission. Any further questions?
No, that's it. You've been very helpful. Have a great day
Have a wonderful time.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Hi, where can I find the closest police station?
The closest police station is the Parkside Police Station, located in Parkside, Cambridge. Their phone is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


i am looking for a hospital with a [eurology] department
Did you mean urology or neurology?
Sorry, urology department.
The urology department can be contacted at 01223256650.
Thank you! Can you also send me the hospital address, including the postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge with the postcode CB20QQ. May I help with something else?
That was everything, thanks!
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in Cambridge.
The gonville hotel is available and fits your requirements if you would like to book that just let me know.
That sounds good!
When would you like me to book this for you and how many people will be staying?
I'd like to travel there myself, may I have the address?
The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for places to that are near the hotel
Yes certainly. Do you have a food type or price range preference?
I forgot to ask, does the Gonville hotel include free wifi and is it in the centre?
Yes, the Gonville hotel is located near the centre and offers Internet connectivity. Would you like any more information about the hotel or proceed?
Actually, I'm looking for an attraction in the area of the hotel.
Old Schools seems like a pretty unique experience. Would you like more information?
Can I get the address please?
Old Schools is located on trinity lane and is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the precise address please?
Their postcode is cb21tt trinity lane, if you need more info you can call them at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that should be it. Thanks!
Thank you and have a great trip!


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [north american] food located within the town centre.
The only North American restaurant in the centre is Gourmet Burger Kitchen. It is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Can you tell me the postcode and phone number for [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]?
Sure, the postcode is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223312598. How else may I assist you?
Yes I would also like to visit some colleges in the same part of town. Is that possible?
There are 13 colleges in the Centre. 3 have nominal entrance fees of 2.50 pounds or less, the rest are free to visit. Do you have any preference?
Could you give me the address for one of the free colleges?
Christ's College is free and is located at Saint Andrew's Street with a postcode of cb23bu. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes. I'd like a taxi to pick me up at [Christ's College] and take me to the restaurant. I'd like to leave the [attraction] by [19:00].
Ok, your booking has been completed. Your taxi will be a gray skoda and it's contact number is 07541933762
That is all I need for today. Thanks for all your help!
Thank you! Feel free to contact us if you need anything else. Have a great day!


I'd like to visit a college in the centre of town. Could you help me find one?
Yes, I can. I have 13 different colleges that I can recommend in the centre of town. A popular option is [Christ's College].
Oh that sounds good. May I have their address, postcode, and entrance fee, please?
Yes their address is saint andrew's street and their postcode is cb23bu and admission to the college is free.
Fantastic! Could you also find me a train that goes to bishops stortford and arrives by [21:15]?
Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge is my departure point, and I want to travel on Wednesday.
Is there a time you want to leave after?
No. I'm open to departure time. Can you list the train ID and travel time?
The TrainID is TR4404 and the total travel time is 38.
What's the price?
The price for a ticket is 10.10 pounds.
Okay, thanks so much! Goodbye
Goodbye. Have a nice day.


I am looking for college attractions in the centre.
I have about 13 different colleges in that area. Might I suggest [Saint John's College]. It does have a small entrance fee of 2.50 pounds but is one of the nicest.
That is a wonderful suggestion. What is the address and may I have their phone number?
They are located on saint john's street and their number is 01223338600.
Great! Also I would like to find a place to eat. Somewhere in the same area and expensive.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you feel like having?
I don't care about the type of food. Do you have a suggestion?
There is a great seafood place in the city centre called [Loch Fyne]. They have some of the best reviews overall. Would you like more info about them or a table?
That sounds great. Please book a table for 1 at [19:45] on Monday.
I booked your reservations at Loch Fyne for Monday at 19:45 the reference number is 4A4FODSE . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help - goodbye!
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a fantastic day! Call anytime for assistance.


Looking for a restaurant in the East side of town
It looks like there are 9 restaurants in the east side of town. Do you have a preference for the price range?
yes expensive restaurant please
[Grafton Hotel restaurant] is in the expensive price range and located in the east part of town.
May I have the address and phone number please?
grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 241387. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like the postcode too please.
The post code for the grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves [Lebanese] food.
The Ali baba restaraunt serves lebanese food and is in the moderate price range.
Tell me the address and phone number of Ali baba restaraunt.
Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank you bye bye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!


I need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves [indian] food.
Hi, I have several Indian places , what side of town?
I think I'd like to eat on the west side.
I have five different places that meet this criteria. How does the [Tandoori palace] sound?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 7?
I'd be happy to reserve your table. What day will you be dining there, and how many in your party?
This will be for 7 people at [19:15] on friday
I am sorry, but that time slot is not available. Is there another time you would like to reserve?
Yes, how about [18:15] on Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B4JDF0YQ . Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a guesthouse. I want something 2-star that has free parking and free wifi.
Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
Not really. I just need a 2 star guesthouse or 4 star hotel.
I don't have any guesthouses that are 2 star. I have 3 hotels that are 4 stars. The Huntingdon Marriott, Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Which do you prefer?
How about a guesthouse with a star of 4?
Okay, we have the [allenbell] that fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, I'd like it for the same number of people for 4 nights on the same day.
You're all set! I have seven people booked for four nights, starting friday. Your reference number is DPJODS84 . Anything else I can help with?
Awesome! Thanks. That's all I needed. Have a good one. Bye.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Have a great day.
The address is 517a coldham lane.
Okay great, that's everything else I needed. Goodnight!
Well, thank you for your call! You have a great day!


I'd like to find a cheap restaurant in the center of town.
Is there a type of food you prefer? Chinese, Indian, Italian and so on?
I'd like [Chinese], please.
I have three restaurants to choose from. Any preference?
Just cheap, Chinese and in the center of town.
You might enjoy the [rice house]. Would you like me to book it for you?
I need a table for 8 at [13:15] on Wednesday.
You're all set! Your reference number is LHYLOV9Q . Do you need anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.
Sure, I can help you find one. What's the departure city, time and day?
It should depart from Cambridge, arriving by [18:00] on Thursday
Where will you be headed?
I am looking to go to London kings cross.
There is a [13:00] that would arrive by 13:51. Would that work?
Sure. Could you give me the train ID and travel time?
Train TR0315 has a travel time of 51 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you.
Thanks for using our service today!


I need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves [world] food.
I found no matching records for your requests. Do you want to try something else ?
How about [chinese] food?
[Yu Garden] is a great Chinese restaraunt on the east side of town. Should I get you their phone number?
Yes, please, and the address and postcode also.
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is CB58PA, and the phone number is 01223 248882.
thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye, and thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system.


Hello! I would like a taxi, please. I will by departing from [Cambridge Arts Theatre] and going to [Peking Restaurant].
I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave the theatre?
I would like to leave after [12:15]. Please let me know the car type and contact number.
The car is a blue Honda and the contact number is 07344292445. Anything else I can help with?
Nope. That'll be it.
Great, hope you have a fantastic day!


i want to book a taxi.
When would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by [13:00]. It doesn't matter what time I leave.
Okay, and where are your departure and destination locations?
I want to go to the [lensfield hotel] and depart from [the fez club]. Could you please give me the contact number and car type of the driver?
You are scheduled for a yellow Toyota. Contact number: 07205440226. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good time!


I am looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant.
There are several options, is there a specific area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the centre.
How about the curry garden that is in the centre of town and serves indian food?
Is [Curry Garden] expensive? If so, I want to make a reservation for Sunday.
Yes it is expensive. Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. How many people shall I reserve it for and at what time?
1 person and [12:15] on Sunday or Thursday. I also need a reference number
I can reserve a table for 1 on Thursday at 12:15. Should I book it for you?
Yes I already asked you to do it!! And send the reference number!
There seems to be an error in the restaurant booking system. Do you need anything else, like a hotel or taxi in the meantime?
Could you please try again? I really need that reservation. I'd prefer it for Sunday but if they can't accommodate that time, Thursday will suffice.
Neither of those days seem to be available. Would you like me to try a different restaurant. Panahar is expensive and in the same area.
Could you try again, just want something on Thursday, at 12:15.
Good news, the booking system finally worked and I made the reservation! Your reference number is I3VJP80T
Great. Now I need somewhere to stay. I want an expensive place with 2 stars plus parking and wifi too.
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is the only available hotel we have. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please, for 4 people, 4 nights. Same day as the restaurant booking.
Your all set, the reference number is 6BRFT2OA, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful but please use you're and your in the right places.
Thanks for letting me assist you today. Enjoy your trip!


I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the south. Anything available?
We have one such location.
Great, could you give me some more information about the location?
Sure. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction located in the East.
Do you have any that are in the south?
There are no multiple sports attractions located in the south.
Are there any nightclubs?
Yes, there is one nightclub called the place at 22 sidney street. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please. Is there an entrance fee?
The phone number is 01223324600 but the entry fee is not listed. It would be best to call for that information.
Thank you! Can you also find a [Chinese] place to eat that is on the cheap side in the same area please?
I am sorry but there are no Chinese restaurants that match your request. Would you like try another type of food or area and price range?
How about Chinese but in the cheapish price range?
I'm sorry, but there is nothing in the cheap price range. May I try another area or another type of food?
No, I really need it in that area and I'm desperately craving Chinese food. Can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the south area?
I apologize, I do see a chinese restaurant, [the lucky star]. Would you like a reservation?
Wonderful, thanks. I need a table for 6 on Friday. We'd like to eat tat [19:30].
I could not book successfully, can i try another time?
Can you try [18:30] for me?
Your table is booked. Your reference number is KUQSVW1U . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could get get me a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time?
Where will you be departing from?
The nightclub at 22 sidney street, the place, you said it was called.
I'm sorry, I believe I have gotten confused. I have a taxi set up for you. Is there anything else you need?
Sorry for the confusion. I have everything I need, you've been very helpful, thanks!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hi. I'm looking for a fancy restaurant that serves English food.
Unfortunately there is no expensive English restaurant. Would you be interested in African, Asian Oriental, or British food?
Not really. How about a place that has [Mexican] food?
[chiquito restaurant bar] is available, should I book it?
Can I have the area and address please not sure if I want to book it yet?
It is located in the south and the address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, are there any parks nearby that I can visit as well?
Yes, there is the Wandlebry [Country Park] in the south.
Great, can I get the postcode?
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb223ae. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No. That is all. Thank you!
Thanks for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end?
[aylesbray lodge guest house] or [rosa's] bed and breakfast are both available
Are either of them cheap?
Yes, [rosa's] bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need 3 nights starting on friday for 1.
All right, I've reserved your room. The reference number is TH1IW110 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. That is all I need.
Wonderful, have a great day.
You do the same!
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating
Certainly, there are 18 options. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
Yes in the north and it should be 4 stars and have free wifi please.
I found the acorn guest house! It has free wifi and parking, four star rating and is in a moderate price range! Would you like me to book it?
Yes! I would like a booking please.
How many guests and how many nights would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I am not quite ready to book yet. Could you send me their postcode, please?
The postcode is cb41da.
Thanks so much for your help!
Your welcome. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all! Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for someplace to go and it needs to be a swimming pool
Okay. There are four swimming pools in town: one in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Can you tell me about what's available?
Yes, abbey pool and astroturk pitch is in the east, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in the north, and parkside pools is in the centre.
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday
I can absolutely help you with that. So that I can find you the best option, can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street. Oh, I also need the address for the swimmingpool. You mentioned [parkside pools] in the centre. Their address?
Parkside Pools' is located on Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. Now for your train. What time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after [18:00]
There is a train on sunday at 7:40pm. Would you like me to book it?
Is that departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Sunday? If so then yes book that for two tickets and I need the reference number as well.
Yes, all the information you stated was correct. I was able to book you 2 tickets. Your reference number is CAMPLIZO . The total free is 120.16 GBP due at the station.
Excellent, thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all. Good bye!
Thank you have a great day


I am looking for a moderate price 3 star hotel. Can you help with that please?
There are four hotels that match your criteria. Would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the best one?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse please.
[alpha-milton guest house] looks like a good location would you like that?
Yes please. I need to book it for Monday for 4 guests staying 2 nights.
I am sorry but that was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Can you try booking it for just one night? If that works I will need the reference number, too.
That went through! Your reference number for your one night stay at the Alpha Milton Guest House is WKUZW2QI . Do you need anything else today?
Great! I am also looking to do something fun, what kind of entertainment is available in the south area?
There is tenpin in the south that I recommend. Does that interest you?
Sure, is it labelled as entertainment? I will just need the postcode.
Yes the tenpin is labelled as entertainment, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. Thank you for everything!
You're welcome! And you have a great day!


I would like to book a taxi that would pick me up from [sesame restaurant and bar] that would pick me up at [14:00]
And where will the taxi be taking you?
I need to go to [St John's Chop House]. I would like a contact number and car type for my booking query.
Your taxi will be a grey Lexus with the contact number 07097363308.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Thank you! Have a great day!


Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 restaurants in the Centre. What kind of food are you looking for? Or is there a certain price range that you need?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Indian] food.
Yes I have the [Curry Garden] at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their telephone number?
I would actually like to book it for 6 people at [13:45] on Sunday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try to book for 6 at [12:45] instead? And if it is availabe, can I get a reference number for my booking?
The booking was successful. The reference number is W3EIFXN1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you tell me about a place to go in town, maybe a college?
There are 5 colleges in my search. Is there a specific area you want it to be in?
There is not. Can you give me the address for one of the colleges? Also I would like to know which area it is in.
christ's college is in the centre of town at saint andrew's street
That sounds good. What's the address?
Hold on while I look up the address for Christ's College.
Thank you. Please tell me the area and address of [Christ's College].
It is the centre and the address is saint andrew's street.
Great thank you for all your help, that's all I needed today.
You're welcome. Have a nice evening.


I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [indian] food and should be in the centre.
Sure! Do you have a price range?
No. I'm not looking for a particular price range.
I have several places, would you like me to try to book you into [Curry Garden]?
I don't have a price range but I would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at [18:45].
Sure, which day will you be dining?
book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : VYSFHVFC .
thank you so much.
No problem, is there anything else I can help with today?
That's it, thank you!
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
What kind of food are you interested in having?
dont care but I would like the address and phone number
I recommend [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton. its phone number is 01223 323737, and their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay in the north of town.
Sure, there are several guesthouses and a few hotels. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for a moderately priced place in the north side of town.
Do you need wifi or parking?
Yes, I'd like both free wifi and parking.
I have lots of options what price range?
i already told you. moderately priced.
The [Archway House] is a guesthouse that meets your criteria. It has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting monday.
I can make a reservation for you. Will you need anything else? How about a nice restaurant?
I need a reservation for Archway House, did you make it? I need the reference number, please.
I am sorry but my system is down at the moment so I cannot book it. Here is the their phone # 01223575314 or we can try again later.
Do you know any other hotels that fit my criteria which you could contact at the moment?
I am unable to find something else at this time, sorry.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Thank you for your patience, I was able to get the booking to go through this time. The reference number is 29IYANNC
Is there any attraction in town near where I am staying?
There are a couple of swimming pools and a park near the guesthouse.
How much is the entrance fee?
I don't have entrance fee info for most of the attractions, but I do know that the Milton Country Park is free.
I am also going to need a ride between the two places please.
OK, where to and from and what time?
[Archway House] to [Milton Country Park] by [15] 00
I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07362020310
Thank you so much!
You are welcome. Do you need further help with restaurants or trains?
No, all my questions were answered. Thank you much. Goodbye.
I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.


I want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.
What price range do you have in mind?
What price ranges are available for a 4 star hotel that includes free wifi and free parking?
There are options in all price ranges- cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I don't care which price range it is as long as it has free wifi and parking.
I would recommend the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] on the west side of town.
Thanks, I will keep that one in mind when I am ready to book. I need to find a train also. From Liverpool Street on Friday.
Sure, what is your destination?
I need to get to Cambridge by [09:15].
We have a train arriving by 9:07. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes that will work thank you.
great, how many tickets do you need?
I need 5 tickets please. I'll also need the reference number.
Booked! Reference number: HVL4GGV6 . At the station you are to pay 83 GBP.
Thanks so much for your help today.
Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today.


Hi, I'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. I need a cheap place to stay and would like to try a guesthouse. Any recommendations?
Great! There are 9 guesthouses in Cambridge that are cheap. Is there a certain area you prefer?
I would prefer to stay on the East side, with free parking available.
That narrows it down to three: the [Allenbell], Autumn House, and Leverton House. Do any of these sound good to you?
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting wednesday and i need a reference number
Your booking is all set! The reference number is 7TT8FO52 . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel within the same price range as the hotel.
We have The [Missing Sock], they serve international cuisine. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That sounds great! Can I get a table for 4 at [13:15] Wednesday?
Your booking is all set. The reference number is MNOLS7EN . Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!
Have a wonderful day!


I need a train from bishops stortford, please. I need to arrive by [21:45].
Sure, which day do you need to travel? Are you going to Cambridge?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.
What time do you want to depart?
I'm not sure whatever gets me there by 21:45. Can you tell me travel time and cost as well?
Yes travel time will be 38 minutes and the cost of ths journey is 10.10 pounds.
That's great, thanks for your help.
There is a train departing Bishops Stortford and arriving in Cambridge at 20:07 on Monday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me. Thanks.
How many tickets would you like booked for that trip?
Just one please.
You are booked for Train ID TR5806 that leaves at 19:29. The Reference number is EOJDK0BY . Do you have any other concerns?
How long will be the ride and how much will it cost me?
The fee is 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. The duration of the ride is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much!
You are very welcome. Can I offer any other assistance?
No, I am all set, thanks. Bye.
Have a nice trip. Bye.


I'm looking for an expensive hotel.
Okay I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North please.
I'm sorry, we don't have an expensive hotel in the north end. Will anything else do?
Well, the area doesn't matter, as long as it offers free parking.
How about the [Gonville Hotel] in the centre area of town?
If it has free parking then I need a booking for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Reference number is : ETXC5B3T . Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a guest house with free parking.
The are 21 options, any other preferences that you haven't mentioned yet?
I'd like it to be in the centre, 4 stars preferably.
I have alexander bed and breakfast that meets that information, would you like me to make a booking?
No but I would like the post code please.
Sure here is the post code you nedeed cb12de.
Thank you. I'm also interested in finding a cheap [Italian] place to eat.
I have several options is there a certain area you were interested in?
Yes, I need it to be located in the town centre.
Ok, there are three places in the town centre. I recommend zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you. I'd prefer to book it myself. May I have the telephone number for the restaurant?
Here it is. 01223365599, Will there be anything else?
that is all i needed for today thanks for your help
You are welcome. I can also help arrange transportation or suggest attractions, if you wish.
No, thank you. I have all I need.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I love the centre of Cambridge but I always spend too much, are there cheap places to eat there so I can stay within my budget?
Yes, there are several. Charlie Chan serves Chinese food, there's Mahal of Cambridge for Indian, La Raza has Spanish cuisine, and there are a few others. Would you like more?
restaurant should serve [indian] food is what I need
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
HOw about [mahal] and can you give their phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223360409 and their postal code is cb21rq.
Great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to leave after [16:15] from London Liverpool Street.
Which day would you like to travel by train?
I'll need it to be on Tuesday. I'm going to Cambridge.
TR2855 will leave at 17:39, would that work for you?
make a booking for 1 people. Make sure you get the reference number
I have booked the ticket for you, reference 4O9ZT5ZD .
thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, make it a great day!
Thanks! You have a great day as well!


Hi, I'd like a listing for a [Mediterranean] restaurant.
[La Mimosa] is a nice restaurant in the centre of town which serves Mediterranean food in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you help me book a table for 2 people at [18:00] on Wednesday?
I am sorry I cannot reserve a table for that time. Maybe another?
Can I book a table for [17:00] instead?
I'm sorry. That time is unavailable as well.
Can you help me find a train going to Stevenage and leaving Thursday instead?
There are ten trains available. Can you give me a little more detail about your trip?
I am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after [15:30] please
The train leaves every 2 hours starting at 17:21. Would you like me to book a ticket on any of the 4 trains available after 15:30?
Yes, please can I book for two people at 17:21?
The booking was successful the total price is 25.6 that can be paid at the station. Reference number is UD72LTGU
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday leaving Cambridge after 15:30 for the same group of people.
I've done that for you. If you need additional help ask away. If not have a good one!


I am looking for more information regarding the [cambridge chop house].
Sure! That's a great expensive British restaurant in the centre of town. What other information would you like to know?
I guess I just need the address.
Their address is 1 Kings Parade.
That's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with before we go?
Nope, that's it! Thanks for your help.
Happy to be of service today. Enjoy the rest of your day!


Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me with finding a train for Thursday.
No problem. We have 404 such entries. Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to cambridge. I need to get there by [19:30].
The latest train you can take is the 18:24 train out of stansted, which arrives in cambridge at 18:52. Would you like took book a seat?
No, but could you give me the train ID, departure time, and travel time of that train?
Certainly, the train ID is TR5433 and it departs at 18:24. The total travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be a four star that includes wi-fi.
We have 21 hotels of that type. Is there a location or price range you would prefer?
Actually, I'd like the hotel to include free parking if possible, but it doesn't need to have free wifi. I'd like to stay on the north end of town.
Would you like to stay at the [worth house]? It's a guesthouse in the north, in the cheap price range, has 4 stars, wifi and parking.
Is that in the north? It sounds like what I'm looking for if it's in that area.
I have 4 Guesthouses in the North area. They each are 4 stars, include FREE parking, and WIFI. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I need of for seven people starting today and lasting five nights.
The [Acorn guesthouse] is able to accommodate you. Your reference number is 7RVELIR8 .
Thanks for you're help! That'll be all.
Goodbye, have a good day.


I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves [danish] food.
I did not find any results. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
I've got my heart set on Danish but we could go a bit more expensive, I guess.
I am sorry but there is no Danish food available in Cambridge. What other food interests you?
How about [asian oriental] food?
The [Dojo Noodle Bar] is Asian oriental and cheap. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, for 2 people at [17:00] on thursday.
Your reservations were successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:00 for two. Your reference number is P62W5TAA .
Thanks. That is all I need today.
Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a hotel in the North part of Cambridge?
I have two moderately priced hotels in the north for you. The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one?
Does it have internet?
They do both have internet.
I would like to book the [Ashley Hotel].
Great I can take care of that. How many people? How long will you be there and when will your stay start?
There will be 7 of us arriving Sunday. We will be staying 3 nights.
I was able to book the room for you the reference number is HQKA3TBW . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.
There are two; The Golden Wok which is a Chinese place, and The Nirala, with Indian cuisine. Which would you prefer?
I will go with The [Nirala] since I love [Indian] food. Please book it for [11:00] for the 7 of us on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E4J0YE8W . Anything else.
Yes, I want a taxi too. I'll need contact number and car type. It should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by [11:00]
Okay, be on the lookout for a grey honda. The contact # is 07374179224
thanks very much to you! I am done now. Farewell!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I'd like more information about the [Ashley Hotel], can you help?
The ashley hotel is a moderately priced 2-star hotel in the north part of town. It offers free wifi and free parking.
That is what I am looking for. I need to book for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Four people will be staying. Please give a reference number.
Ok, your reservation is booked, your reference number is FCQZW2OT . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west side of the city.
We have nine restaurants that match your search. Do you have another preference?
Yes. I would like to eat [Indian] food.
The [tandoori palace] meets your criteria. It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday.
Alright, now have a reservation for four people at the Tandoori Palace at [3:15] on Wednesday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, please provide the me the reference number for the reservation.
All booked! The reference number is O9WM39XJ .
Thanks, that was all I needed. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. You also have a nice day. Thanks for using our service.
No problem. I'm glad I did.
Thank you, goodbye!


I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves [seafood].
[Loch Fyne] is a restaurant in the city centre that serves seafood. Would you like more information?
What is the phone number and price range?
The phone is 01223 362433 and it is in the expensive range.
That sounds great. Thanks!
You're Welcome. Goodbye!


Need a restaurant called the [golden curry]
They are a wonderful indian restaurant in the centre of town. They are rather expensive. They are located on Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you reserve a table?
Yes please. There will 8 of us at [15:15] on Monday.
Booking was successful.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7X63LJXX . Anything else?
I'm looking for a train as well to Cambridge that will arrive by [12:15], is there anything available?
Where will you be traveling from?
I would like to leave from Birmingham New Street.
On what day are you looking to travel?
Same day as my Golden Curry reservation, please.
The TR9942 will get you there at 11:23. Would that work for you?
Yes that is all I need, thank you.
Is there anything else i can you with such as booking reservations for entertainment ventures afterwards.


I need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.
Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 0.
I do not have any place fitting that criteria. Perhaps some other perimater?
Can you see if you find one with a start of 4?
Sure thing, I have three options would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, one person two nights from Thursday.
Okay your all set! Reference number is UTI90SWFB . Anything else today?
What is the name of the hotel?
The hotel is [huntingdon marriott hotel]
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. I want to leave after [14:45]
There is one that leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I need one ticket please.
Alright, your reference number for the train is CD9P0QQT .
Thank you, that is all I need.
Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a great day!


I'm looking for information on a hotel called [alexander bed and breakfast].
Okay! Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the Centre of town, at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, with internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : OEBH1Q9H .
Thank you. I also need a train on wednesday arriving by [17:00].
Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Kings Lynn.
Is there a time in your mind for leaving?
No, I just need to arrive by 17:00. On Wednesday. Please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number
The Train ID is TR5153. It leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58. Your reference number is 1T9WEZTE . Can I help with anything else?
Awesome, thank you so much for your help! That will be all, goodbye.
Thank you and enjoy your time in our beautiful city!


Where's the closest hospital with a [paediatric intensive care unit]?
Addenbrookes Hospital. The contact number for the paediatric intensive care unit is 01223217715.
Can I get the postcode as well?
It looks like the Post Code is CB20QQ.
That's all I need for now. thank you very much.
You are welcome! Have a great day!


Can you help me find a restaurant located in the south area?
is there any type of food you would like ?
I would like [Chinese] food, please.
I have two with an expensive price range and one in the cheap range. Would any of those work for you?
book the expensive one a table for 4 people at 13:00 on monday
Both "[The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway]" and "Peking Restaurant" are in the expensive range in the south. Which would you like me to try first?
It doesn't matter. Just book one for 4 people at [13:00] on Monday. I need the reference number.
I was able to get a table for 4 at the [good luck] Chinese food takeaway on Monday at 13:00. Your confirmation number is 06YU8WNX .
Great! I also need a place to stay in the same area as that restaurant, and I need free parking.
Your best bet in the south is the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House]. It's a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse.
I need it to include free wifi.
It does include internet along with free parking, shall I book you?
I just need the address please.
Sure the address is 5 mowbray road.
Can you help me book a taxi to get between the two?
Which one will be leaving from?
from the hotel to the restaurant, then back.
Alright I got your taxi and it will be a white Volkswagen and your contact number is 07658312417. Will that be all for today?
No that is all. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.
There are numerous hotels that match this criteria available. Do you have a specific area you'd like to stay, or a price range in mind?
No particular area but I need it to be cheap.
I found cheap guesthouses, is guesthouse what you are looking for?
I'd prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.
There's one. The [Cambridge Belgry] in the west. It has a four star rating. Should I book it for you?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting monday
I am sorry but it is not available for those times. Would you like to find another hotel?
How about booking it for 1 night instead.
I was able to book a reservation for 3 people for 1 night starting Monday, reference number D8UYVAY8 . Is there anything else you need assistance with?
Yes I need a [chinese] place in the cheap range
There are 4 in the price range you asked for: Charlie Chan, Rice House, The Lucky Star and the Golden house. Would you like more information on one of these ?
Can you reserve me a table that [the Lucky Star] on Monday for 3 people at [13:15]?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 96VNO1G8 .
Alright, that's all I need today, thanks!
Okay, have a great day!


I'm looking for an exciting place to go in the centre of town.
The Man on the Moon is a great concert hall. How does that sound to you?
I'm actually looking for something that has great architecture.
There are 4 churches and a school. Do you have a preference?
The school is fine. What is the entrance fee and phone number?
Old Schools is free to tour and the phone number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A friend was raving about this restaurant called [Pizza Hut]. Can you help me find it?
There are three pizza huts. One in the city center, one in the east and one in the south. Which would you like information on?
It doesn't matter. What is the food type and addresses?
Pizza hut city centre is located in the centre area and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Is any more information needed?
Actually, could you check if there is a pizza hut in fen ditton? If so, could I have the address and phone number?
Yes, there is! It's address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and it's number is 01223323737.
Thank you - that's all I need today.
Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!


I want to find a zero star rated hotel.
Interestingly enough, I have 3 of those! Do you have a certain area in mind? I have places in the north and centre.
It should be in the cheap price range
There is a guesthouse located in the north and a guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a preference of area?
I would prefer the centre please.
I have the [el shaddai guesthouse]. Should I go ahead and book that now?
Yes can you please book that?
for how many people do i book and for how long?
Sorry, I actually won't need it booked after all. I only want to know if they have free parking and also the phone number and address there please.
Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. Their phone number is 01223327978. They do indeed have free parking.
Great, thank you so much! Now I just need to find a place to eat.
I have many different options for restaurants. Do you have a preference of the area, price range, or type of food?
Let's look for a cheap place.
There are quite a few Chinese restaurants in that area. How about [Golden House]?
Sounds fine. Could you make a reservation for 4 at [11:45] on Wednesday? I will need the reference number too
I have made the reservation. Your reference number is FZT238P9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I need to book a taxi leaving from [The Oak Bistro] please.
Certainly. What time would you like the taxi to arrive and for how many people?
a taxi that arrives by [15:00], the taxi is just for me
I can look it up, could you tell me where you would like to go please?
I would like to go to [la mimosa].
Thank you. I have booked a grey honda for you for that time. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Could I have the contact number for the car?
Sure. The contact number is 07748558756.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a safe trip!


I need a train out of london kings cross please. I'm headed to cambridge
Okay! What day would you like to leave?
I need to get there at [09:45] on Monday.
The TR9276 arrives at 8:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, I'll need one ticket.
That booking was successful and your reference number is 5150NQ2A .
Thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre.
We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Might I suggest a ride on The [Cambridge Punter]?
What is their entrance fee?
I don't have any information on their entrance fee. Their phone number is 07807718591 if you would like to call and get that information.
Ok thank you that's all I need today.
have a great day!


I am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me with this?
There are 13 hotels in the north. Do you want a guesthouse or a proper hotel?
I'm looking for a proper hotel, please. If it had free wifi, well, I wouldn't complain about that either.
The [Ashley hotel] is in the north and has both free internet and parking. Would you care to go here?
Yes, I want to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. May I also have the reference number?
Alright, your room is booked for the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights with 6 people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would like to have the reference number for the room booking please.
The reference number is 75625428 . Anything else?
Yes. I want to check out a college in the centre.
Cambridge has many colleges in the center of town. [Downing College] is nice, and it's free to get in.
That sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode?
It's in the centre of town and it's at cb21dq.
I would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at [06:15] going to the college.
I have confirmed your taxi a black lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07864379890. Do you need further assistance?
Actually, can I get the street address of [Downing College] before we go?
The address for downing college is regent street. Have a great day.


What sort of moderately priced restaurants does Cambridge offer? I'm only interested in restaurants located in the Centre.
There are quite a few including British,Asian,Italian and many more.
I am looking to eat at a [steakhouse].
I'm sorry I have no steakhouses that are moderately priced. is there any other cuisine you might like to try?
Can you check for [Chinese]? I haven't had Chinese in awhile.
I have 3 moderately priced Chinese restaurants. I would recommend the [Jinling Noodle Bar].
That would be just fine. Can you make reservations for 5 people at [18:00] on wednesday.
I was able to book your table for your per your request. The Reference number is : UZ2TEM53 . Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge
Sure, where will you be departing from? Also what date and time were you looking to travel?
I'll be traveling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday. I need to get to Cambridge before [noon].
Okay, how about TR2006? It leaves ely at [11:35] and arrives in cambridge at [11:52].
Yes thats perfect book that for the same group of people please.
perfect. i have booked and the reference number is WMH7ZZ71 .is there anything else i can help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!
thank you that will be all,that was a big help too


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [Caribbean] food.
There are no moderately priced Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something different?
[Spanish] food
[La Tasca] is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Spanish food.
What is the address, phone number, and post code?
Their phone number is 01223 464630, their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.


Hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after [18:45] Monday?
Can you tell me where you want to depart from and want to go to?
I am leaving cambridge to go to london liverpool street.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No preference on arrival. As long as it leaves after 18:45.
How many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket.
The TR0117 leaves at 19:59 and arrives at 21:27. Would you like me to book it on this train?
That's all I needed about the train I also need some information on a restaurant called [The Gandhi]
Your search engine does not include the restaurant I've inquired about.
Uhm? Do you have any info about the Gandhi? I'd like the phone number, address, and area.
The Gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Center and offers cheap Indian cuisine.
Do you have the phone number of the restaurant? Also, what area of town is it in?
The Gandhi is in the city centre, and their phone number is 01223353942. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes could I also have their address?
Sure. The address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


Hi. Im looking for a train to ely that leaves after [14:30].
Okay, and where did you want to depart from?
I need it to depart from cambridge.
What day will you travel on?
I will leav on monday.
I have five trains that are available. Is there a specific time that you need to arrive at your destination by?
No, there is not a specific time. How much will I be out of pocket for this adventure?
4.10 pounds. Do you need anything more?
Also looking for a restaurant by the name of [Midsummer House]. I need a reservation for 7 people at [10:15] on Monday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CETUMJKM . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it! Thank you for all your help!
May I help you find a hotel or attraction in town?
No thank you, that's all the information I need.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


Does Cambridge offer any expensive, [Singaporean] cuisine?
There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search in a different price range?
How about [Indian] food instead? I like Indian food just as much.
I can book you a table at [cocum].
No thanks, I just need the phone number and postcode, for now.
The phone number is 01223366668. The post code is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a hotel?
of course, is there an area of town you're interested in?
I actually need a train. For Thursday.
Where you travel to and from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and it should arrive at Peterborough by [11:15].
Ok great. The TR9886 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it for two!
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 13I8FUI1 .
Thank you for the service, that's all I needed.
You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay in Cambridge. Bye.


I am looking for a hotel on the west side of Cambridge.
I have found 4 results for hotels in the west side. Do you have a particular price range that you're looking for?
I would like a moderate rate please.
That would be [hobsons house] would you like to book that?
I would like to book a room at the hotel for 8 people for three nights please.
Certainly, what day you will be arriving?
I'll be starting on thursday.
Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is W4QYZ0UK .
Thank you. Do you have information on [City Stop Restaurant]?
Yes. It is european cuisine located in the north area of town with and expensive price range.
Can you tell me their postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb41uy.
Thank you that's all I needed
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
There are many moderately priced guesthouses. In which area of town would you like to stay?
I will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse that includes wifi.
My preference would be [Arbury Lodge guesthouse]. They're in the north, moderately priced, with a 4 star rating and free Internet. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great thank you.
Which day and for how long will you be staying?
There will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes can you please?
Okay your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is VVJWU2MQ .
I also need a train to bishops stortford on friday.
Alright and where are you departing from and do you have specific arrival or departure times in mind?
I'm departing from Cambridge and want to leave after [17:45].
TR5965 leaves at 19:29 and costs 10.10 pounds per seat. Can I buy a ticket for you?
no thanks. i just needed the information. thanks. bye.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Yes I would like to find [Spanish] food in the center of town.
you're in luck I have two options for you. One is in the cheaper price range, the other is listed as moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the cheap one. I'll need a table for 7 on Sunday at [12:15] please.
Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you try on saturday, 7 people, at 12:15
Yes, you're booked for Saturday with reference number V54FG5X2 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye!


Hello. Are there any trains leaving after [8:00] on Saturday?
What is your destination?
im going to kings lynn
Where will you be leaving from?
I would be leaving from Cambridge.
There is a train leaving at 9:11 would that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. What's the train ID and travel time for that one?
the cambridge train leaves at 9:11 on sunday.
Can you give me the ID for this train and the overall travel time?
The ID is TR6088 and the total travel time is 47 minutes. Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I will need. Good bye.
Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!


I am looking for train going to cambridge please.
Where are you planning to depart from?
I would like to leave from the birmingham new street station please. On a Saturday.
Okay, what time do you need to leave by?
I need to arrive by [16:45], departure is not as important.
How about TR3415 that arrives at 08:23?
you can book it please. get me the reference number too
Reference number is : PA6L738Y .
Thank you for your help
welcome. at your service next time
Sorry, I should have specified but the booking needs to be for 3 people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station for 3 tickets. Reference number is : 0UP7SB1H .
Perfect. Thank you so much! Have a great day!
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that was all. Thanks
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


I am looking for a train going to Cambridge.
Great and welcome! How about friday at 05:17? Is that time acceptable?
yes, that is perfect.
It will cost 23.50 pounds and the travel time will be 51 minutes, would you like to book it?
Yes, please. Two tickets.
I've booked you 2 tickets on train TR5219 from london kings cross to cambridge on friday. The total fee is 47.2 pounds and your reference number is DVRX2C6V .
Thanks. A friend told me about a restaurant called the [rice boat]. Do you know it?
I have not been myself but hear it is nice. It serves Indian food on the west end of town. Would you like me reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 2 people at [20:30] on sunday. Can I also get a reference number?
I was able to book that table for you (Ref #UU2PWIV7). Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that takes care of everything. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great trip!


Would you be able to help me with a particular attraction?
Sure, what's it called?
I am looking for the address, postcode and attraction type for [people's portraits exhibition at girton college]. Thank you.
Thank you...the address for the museum is Girton College, Huntingdon Road, cb2ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the area?
It is located in the west. Will that be all today?
Yes, that will be all. Thanks for your help. Bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a [Persian] restaurant with expensive price range food.
Unfortunately I can't find any matching records. Could you like to try any other food type?
Oh, how disappointing. There are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town?
No, I am afraid I have no listing for one. Would you like to try another area or pricerange?
Is there a [italian] restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?
Yes there are 4 italian restuarants that are expensive in the centre of town. Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzaria, and Cafe Uno. Would you like a reservation?
I've heard good things about [Clowns Cafe]. Do you have the address?
Clowns Cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Do you know of any nightclubs in the area?
There are 5 in that area: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Would you like more information about 1 of these?
All of those sound great. Can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?
The ballare is perfect. cb23na is the postcode and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to [Ballare]? I want to leave after [18:30]. I'll need car type and contact number too.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black honda Contact number : 07608331864 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for that! Can you double check when the car is picking me up? I think I misspoke - I'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.
I have you leaving by that time in the black Honda. May I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome, have a safe trip.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
I have 4 theatres in the centre area, adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, or the cambridge corn exchange. I can provide further details on any of them.
May I please have the address and phone number of one that you recommend?
The mumford theatre is located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and their phone number is 08451962320. Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in a cheap price range. Do you have any suggestions?
Sure, there are a lot of options, do you have a particular area of town in mind?
I would like to stay in the North area, please. I need free parking also.
how about [worth house]? it's lovely
Is it in the moderate price range
Worth house is in the cheap price range, and offers parking.
Please book Worth House for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on Sunday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 9UQ64Z3M .is there any other thing i can help?
Nope, that's all I need.
Okay, great. Have a great day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great! How can I help you plan your trip?
I am looking for a place to stay in the north while I'm there.
There are 13 places to stay in the north and all but 2 are guesthouses. Which is your preference? What is your pricerange?
I would prefer a hotel that is nice but in the cheaper price range.
There aren't any hotels, but there is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It's called the [Worth House]. Would you like more information?
Sure, could you give me their name and postcode?
The Worth House is in postcode cb41da. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for me.
I can, what are your arrival details?
I do not need to book it. I need a train to depart from leicester.
What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Thursday.
Ok, there are many trains leaving leicester on thursday. Where will you be traveling to and what time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave for Cambridge [after 13:45.] Don't let me forget to back track and check on another place to stay please.
I have the 14:09 train leaving from Leicester. Would you like me to book that for you?
Before you book it, I need the price and I need the approximate travel time.
Sure. The trip itself is approximately 105 minutes. It costs 37.80 pounds. Would you like to book a train?
Yes book 2 seats please and I'll need the train ID. Also book the Worth House guesthouse for 3 people and 4 nights. And give me the reference number please.
Okay. I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR2361. The total fee of 75.59 is payable at the station. The reference number is 5VFA0ZBS .
No thank you that will be all
Have a great trip! Enjoy your day.
Thank you so much!
You are quite welcome, we are happy to help. Enjoy your trip!


Hi I'm looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi.
Do you have a price range or a specific area?
I would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an expensive hotel.
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] fits your criteria. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please for this weekend.Thank You.
Ok for how many people and how long is your stay going to be?
There will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place?
Yes, as long as the hotel is in the expensive price range, please try booking it.
I was able to book [University Arms Hotel], reference number is PFYQXYLU
Thank you. That's everything I need.
Okay glad I could be of help.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town.
[Grafton Hotel restaurant] is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What is the postcode?
The postcode of grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food?
The Grafton Hotel restaurant serves British food. It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, and it's phone number is 01223 241387.
Great, thank you!
Do you need any further information?
No thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you. Have a nice day.
You too!
Bye.


I am looking for colleges to visit in town while I am visiting. Can you help me with that?
We have listings for several colleges. What area would you like to visit?
I would welcome a recommendation from you. Please provide me with their entrance fee.
[Christ's college] is free.
Can you give me the address for that college?
their address is saint andrew's street
I am also looking for a particular restaurant,the [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar].
Sure I've found them, would you like me to make a reservation?
What type of cuisine is it? Can I also get a price and phone number?
It is a gastro pub with a moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223308871. Is there anything else I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks
Have a great visit!


Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?
Unfortunately, I haven't found anything. Would you like me to search for another type of attraction, or another location?
Sure. Are there any colleges in the centre?
Yes, there are 13 colleges located in the centre. Can I help you narrow down the results?
Sure, I would like the largest college available
gonville and caius college Area-centre Phone #-01223332400 Post code-cb21ta Address-trinity street Entrance fee-free
Thank you. Can you also find a [turkish] restaurant that is moderately priced?
There are two that match your requests. Anatolia and efes restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Is one of them in the centre area. I would like one close to the college.
They are both located in the centre. Efes restaurant is located at King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
We'll try [Efes], could you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at [11:15]? I'll need the reference number also.
You are all set at the Efes on Thursday at 11:15. Your reference number is NZ89K99X . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it thank you.
So happy I could help! Enjoy the rest of your day!


I want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre
How about cityroomz? it is in the moderate price range.
Can you help me find a hotel in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?
There are no results for a cheap hotel with free wifi in the centre area. Would you like to try a different area or guesthouse?
Try a guesthouse please.
how about alexander bed and breakfast?
Is it cheap? I don't have much money. And do they have free wifi?
Yes, it is cheap, do you need a booking, or just information?
Just information for now, can you please give me the address?
The address for alexander bed and breakfast is 56 saint barnabas road. Do you have any additional questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Good day!


I wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.
There are 4 options. Do you have a price you would like to stick with?
Actually, I think that what I really want is a hotel that is in the same area as a swimming pool. Are there any public swimming pools in town?
[Parkside Pools] are in the centre of town, if that would be okay.
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the north
Parkside pools is gonville place. The area is the centre and phone number is 01223446100.
I also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the north and include free wifi.
We have six 4-star guesthouses in the north that might suit you. I can recommend [Archway House]. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. Oh, and book it for 7 people!
I'm sorry I was unable to book it for 7 people, would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have anything for 2 nights?
Yes, I was able to book your 7 person, 2-night stay beginning on Sunday. The reference number is G2ZC5BAH . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should be all. Thank you for your help! Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us today. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.
There is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which serves Italian food and the Restaurant Alimentum which serves Modern European food. Which would you like?
Is there any [Korean] food?
Yes, Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
No, I need something moderate priced in the south. Is there one that serves [modern european] food?
Restaurant Alimentum in modern European moderately priced in the south. Would you like for me to book it?
No but I would like their phone number, address and postcode.
Alimentum is located at 152-154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb, and their phone number is 01223413000. Is there any other way I could be of assistance?
I am also looking for a place to go. Can you recommend a theatre?
What area?
Area doesn't really matter. Are there a lot of theatre options in town?
[Cambridge Arts Theatre] located at 6 saint edwards passage
That sounds great! Could you please give me the phone number?
The number is 01223503333.
I think that's it. Thank you!
im glad to have satisfied you in every way possible for me to given the context of this interaction
Great, thank you for the help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for entertainment in the centre.
Unfortunately there aren't any venues like that in the centre. There are some in other parts of town that might work for you, though. Do you want to hear about those?
Ok, do you have any information about boat attractions?
Were you looking at the [riverboat] or the camboats?
Either one is fine. I just want to attend some type of boat attraction.
There is the riverboat georgina in the north. Would you like their phone number?
Actually can I have the post code, address, and information about the entrance fee?
The post code is cb43ax and the address for it is cambridge passenger cruisers at jubilee house. I don't have fee information but I could get you their phone number.
No thank you, I do need to find a train going to Cambridge though.
Where will you be leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should depart from leicester.
There are 19 available trains on Friday, when would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive by [18:45] please.
We have the TR7878 which leaves at 16:09 and arrives at 17:54, would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 seats on TR7878 leaving from leicester to cambridge on friday at 16:09. can I have a reference number please?
Yes, the reference number is O3MYNURT . The fee is 302.39 GBP and you can pay at the station. Is there anything else?
No, that is all.
Great. Have a wonderful trip!


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.
I'm sorry, but there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Could I check for one in the moderate price range for you?
I'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.
There are no guesthouses in the expensive range in the north area. There are five options, in the moderate range, any other preferences?
Yes, please check one in the moderate range.
I have many listings,could I get what star rating to would preferred?
Honestly, I would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced.
Alright. Does the [acorn guest house] sound okay? It's 4 stars with free internet and parking.
That would be fine. Could you also find out some information about the [india house] restaurant?
The india house is in the expensive price range and located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thanks. Could you reserve a table for 3 people at [16:30] on Thursday?
I am unable to book during that time slot on Thursday. Would you like to try a different time on Thursday or maybe a different day?
How about [15:30]?
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : SP0ZTZU8 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. Please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.
Booking was successful. You will arrive at the India House by 15:30.
That's all I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a museum in the west area of town.
There is a museum called Kettle's Yard in the west. Would you like to go here?
Yes please, what is their entrance fee?
Kettle's yard has a no entrance fee.
Oh great thank you for your help. Where is the train from cambridge to norwich depart from and when?
There is a train leaving on Friday at 5:36. Would you like that one?
I'm actually looking for one on Thursday that will arrive by [10:30]. Are there any trains available for that?
Yes! The price is 17.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like to book 6 tickets, please. And may I have the reference number once the booking is complete?
Yes great! I have your reference number. It is HI5JHIXZ and the total cost of your tickets was 105.6 GBP. Please do enjoy your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
Sure thing, enjoy your trip!


I need a train going to Cambridge that'll leave after [12:15].
what day of the week do you want to travel
Trusday, I need to leave by the london liverpool street station.
The TR3257 leaves at 13:39 for 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Also, what will be the arrival time? And, what is the train ID? Thanks so much!
The train is number TR3257. It arrives in cambridge at 15:07. How many tickets would you like?
i am, Also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should be in the moderate price range
We have 11 places to stay in the north. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel? And do you need internet or parking?
I'd prefer a guesthouse. A 4 star one, if possible.
There are 7 guesthouses available in the north that are moderately prices and four stars. Would you like to book one of these rooms?
Do any have both free parking and internet? If so, I'll need their phone number.
The limehouse meets your needs including internet and wifi, shall I book you or provide more info?
Can I have their phone number, please?
Sure, it is 01223300552
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thanks, that will be all.
It was a pleasure to help today. Have a good afternoon. Bye.


Hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? Someplace with [British] food?
I've heard great things about cotto. Want a reservation?
What price range is that restaurant?
Cotto is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No that won't be necessary, could you just give me the address and postcode please?
Sure, the address is 183 East Road City Centre and the postcode is cb11bg.
Great, that's all for now. Thanks!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!


I need to find a moderately priced [north indian] restaurant.
I'm sorry, I didn't have any luck with those requirements. Can I look for something else?
How about an [Italian] restaurant, then?
Is there a particular area of town that you would like to dine in?
Any would be fine.
I recommend [pizza express Fen Ditton] in the centre area, would you like more info or a booking?
That sounds good to me. Can you please book a table for 8 at [12:15] on Saturday?
You are booked for a table for 8 on Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 9VEG3PSD . Can I help you with anything else?
I also will need a train.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will depart from Birmingham New Street.
What day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. I need to arrive by [09:30].
What day are you wanting to travel?
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.
TR4463 will get you there by 09:23, would you like more info or a booking?
Awesome! You were a huge help. Thanks.
Thank you for using our service today!


I need some tacos! Can you help me find a [Mexican] restaurant on the south side of the city?
Yes, I found Chiquito Restaurant. It is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry . Phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you very much for the information!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after [20:30].
Where are you headed to and what day would you like to travel?
peterborough and I need to leave on Saturday after 20:30
Sure, TR4928 leaves Cambridge at 21:06. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Book it for 4 people, yes. I need the reference number too.
I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is 3E8ZH4KO . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it thank you.
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.


I want to have some [afghan] food.
Sorry, no matches found
Is there any [Chinese] restaurants in the area?
There are many Chinese restaurants. What price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range
Would you like something in the north or centre of town?
I don't care
[Jinling Noodle Bar] is a nice place that fits your requirement
Please give me their number, too.
Jinling Noodle Bar's number is 01223 566188. Would you like the address?
what type of food do they serve ?
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice chinese restaurant .
No thank you, goodbye.
Okay, goodbye.


Can you find me a train leaving from London Liverpool Street?
Of course! When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave cambridge after [18:15] on Wednesday.
No train at that time do you want to change the time to 09:39?
That is fine.
TR2823 is leaving london liverpool street to cambridge at 19:39, would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, please. I'll be needing tickets for 3 people.
I have booked 3 tickets for you at on TR2823. The total fee will be 49.8GBP.
I also need the reference number.
Ah, yes. Your reference number is D7RN1KYW . Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is a restaurant called [Eraina], I would like to book a table for 3 at [21:00]?
Which day would you like the reservation for?
For Wednesday, please.
It is booked up then, another time perhaps?
How about [20:00]?
You are booked. Remember the restaurant will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFYPO6NQ . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you very much.
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!


Can you help me find a cheap [african] restaurant in the centre?
We don't have any cheap African restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something different?
Yes can you check for [italian] please?
There are 3; I'd recommend Ask. They have great food and pretty great service, too. Would you like to reserve a table?
Sorry, I'm actually looking for [moroccan] food.
I apologize, we don't have any Moroccan cuisine available in the city. Is there another type of cuisine you might like to try?
How about [Portuguese]?
[nandos city centre] is a wonderful Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you book a table for four please at [17:00]?
I just did reserve for 4 at 17:00 a the nandos city centre. Would you like help with an anything else?
What is the reference number for that reservation?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WS5P73O7 .
I apologize, I need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at [15:45] on Friday. Can you reschedule?
NO worries, I have updated the reserved time, the reference number is 69XP42LR . Any further questions?
I could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the centre of town.
What side of town would you like to be on?
I'd like to stay around the restaurant.
What price point is good for you?
Cheap price please.
What area of town would you like your hotel?
I don't need a hotel. I'd just like a recommendation for a nightclub near the restaurant.
The soul tree nightclub is pretty fun. They're at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Do you know what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Great that is everything, I apologize for being so high maintenance, thanks for the help.
Have a nice day.


Hi, I need to find a hotel to stay at. It doesn't need to have wifi.
sure, i have 33 options for you
It needs to be a hotel and include free parking.
I have 8 different options. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
no but should include free parking
I'd recommend the [Ashley Hotel]. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, I need 3 people for 3 nights starting saturday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GWJTWC3Y .
That's all I need today, thank you.
Okay great. Glad i could be of help.


Hello, I'm seeking a cheap restaurant.
Okay, I can help you with that. Are you interested in a particular type of food? Or perhaps a certain part of town?
I would like [mediterranean] food.
The gardenia serves mediterranean and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a table?
Great can I get the postcode and address?
Their postcode is cb23ll, and they are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you, goodbye.


I need a train into Cambridge on Thursday.
where would you be departing from?
I need to leave from Kings Lynn and arrive no later than [08:45] please.
There are five trains available, but the earliest train leaves at 09:11. I'm sorry.
Are you sure there's nothing earlier?
Certain, the earliest one leaves at 09:11
Hmm. Well, let's talk attractions for a moment. What kind of sports venues exist in the centre of town?
I am sorry there are no sports venues in the centre of town,can I search another area?
how about one that is in the type of concerthall
The Man on The Moon concerthall, 2 norfolk street, cb12fl. Their phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for you help.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


Hey I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hopistal. Please make sure it has the [medicine for the elderly] department.
I just double checked and there is a medicine for the elderly department at Addenbookes Hospital. They can be reached at 01223245151.
What is the hospital's postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
awesome thats all thank you!
Is there anything else you need help with?
That's all that I need today, thank you!
You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Please call us again. Have a good day.


I am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating.
There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like me to expand the search a bit?
Yes can you find guesthouses meeting that criteria?
I'm sorry, there are no hotels or guest houses matching that criteria.
Can you locate a cottage that offers what i am looking for.
There are no cottages.
Could you please try guesthouse, with free parking and a 4 star then?
I have 16 entries matching that criteria. What part of town and price range would you prefer?
Could find one in a moderate or cheap price range?
Sure, there are a few. Can I book you a room at one of them? How about The [Acorn Guest House]?
Yes go ahead and try that please.
How many people are you wanting to book the hotel for?
for 8 people. Starting from Sunday for 4 nights, please.
The booking for the Acorn Guest House was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another hotel for you?
Yes, please. In the same price range, if possible.
I have the [arbury lodge guesthouse] in the same area and price range,would you like me to book that one?
Yes please try to book that for me thank you.
I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is 6NUU0T68 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all for me. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, what kind of attractions are there in the east?
I have museums, boating excursions, basic entertainments, parks and swimming pools. Any of these spark your interest?
What would you recommend?
Try the funky fun house. It's on cherry hinton road.
Is there a guesthouse nearby that is rated at least 4/5?
The A and B Guest House is close by. It has a 4 star rating and moderate pricing. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds like what I'm looking for. Is it a guesthouse?
Yes the [A and B guesthouse] is a guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I will need accommodations for 7 people, for 5 nights. We want to check in Thursday.
I'm very sorry a and b guest house does not have availability for your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different day?
Please try for two nights then at minimum from Thursday evening on. We need a guesthouse for 7 people, and I will need the reference number when booked. Thanks!
Okay, I was able to book the questhouse for you for two nights starting on Thursday. The reference number is O4OXDCIW . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Now I will need to find a hotel for the remainder of my visit. Can you help with that?
Sure, what day will you be staying and for how long? Any price range?
Never mind. That will be all.
Okay, I hope you have a pleasant stay!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [african] food and should be in the centre
There is one African restuarant in the Center. It is named Bedouin, and is expensive. Their phone number is 01223367660. Would you like me to book for you?
First, what is the address please?
bedouin 100 Mill Road City Centre
Thanks, what's the price range and phone number?
It's an expensive restaurant and the number is 01223367660.
thanks for your help
Thank you goodbye.


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the west part of town
Okay I have found 2 restaurants. One is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range.
I want the cheap one please
[La Margherita] fits the bill. Great place. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, Please. I'd like it for 3 people at [6:45pm] on Saturday.
That booking was successful. Your reference number is 3LWL9XAA .
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal!


I need help finding a book on [italian] food
There are fifteen Italian restaurants in town. Do you want a specific part of town, or maybe a certain price range to narrow down the search?
I'm looking for parks in Cambridge can you help me?
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No, area doesn't matter. What park would you recommend?
[Cherry Hinton Water Play] park in the east is an excellent place to keep cool on hot summer days. Would you like the address?
No just the postcode please.
The postcode is cb18dw.
Thanks. Could you help me find and expensive [Indian] restaurant perhaps?
[Tandoori Palace] in the west is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like their phone number or a reservation there, perhaps?
book a table for 6 people at [12:00] on wednesday
I was able to book a table for 6 they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. The reference number is M4ILDKD4 .
Thank you that is all I need for now.
Okay great! I hope you have a wonderful day!


I've just had a dispute with another driver due to an accident we had. I need the police please!
Oh dear, I am sorry. I have the number for Parkside Police, is that close to your location?
I'm not sure. Can you give me the address and post code?
Their address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Do you need their phone also?
yes thank you
Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you for the information. I will contact them now.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks
You're welcome. Remember we are here for you. Goodbye.


I want a train leaving on sunday.
I can help with that. What is the date and time you would like to leave?
I need to leave cambridge and go to kings lynn and arrive by [16:45] on sunday
The train that will have you arrive closest to the time of 16:45 is TrainID TR9024. Would you like me to secure a reservation?
Yes please. And can I have the reference number?
How many tickets do you need?
I changed my mind, don't worry about getting me a train reservation. Just please recommend an attraction to visit on the West side of town
I would recommend Churchill College on Storey's Way. They have free admission. Would you like anything else?
Yes. May I please get the phone number to [Churchill College]?
Yes the number is 01223336233. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No that will be all! Thank you!
I was happy to help you today. Please contact us again, if you need further assistance. Good-bye.


I am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking.
I have located 33 moderate priced places with free parking, do you have any other preferences so I can narrow things down for you?
Which ones have free parking and Wifi?
14 of them do. Would you like me to book you a room at the [Bridge Guest House], or any of the others?
Yes. Book whatever is available.
How many people are in your party?
There will be 7 people.
May I have your date of arrival and how many nights you would like to stay please?
We are arriving on Tuesday and want to stay 2 nights.
The Bridge Guest House book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try the [Acorn Guest House]?
Yes. I have heard great things about that guest house.
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is 33ZFXQ8P . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service today.


Is there a train from cambridge that arrives by [13:45]?
I found several trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by picking a particular day or a certain destination?
I will be travelling on Friday and want to arrive at Stansted Airport by 13:34.
I am seeing several options for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives before 13:45 on friday, it's fine.
I would recommend TR0188 which arrives by 13:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
No thank you but I do need to know the price.
The price is 10.10. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south?
What is your price range? What number of stars do you prefer? 3 or 4?
i would prefer 3 stars.
There are two 3 stars in that area. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like for me to make a recommendation?
I'll take the hotel. Please book for 2 people starting on monday for 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XURZLO9G . Can i help with anything else?
Thank you for your time that is all I needed today.
Well thank you for calling.


Hi, i am looking for a [middle eastern] restaurant in the expensive price range.
I am sorry, there are no expensive middle eastern restaurants. Can I look in a different price range?
Yes, can we try a moderate price range.
Sorry there are no moderate middle eastern restaurants either. Do you want to try a different price range?
Hmm, how about [Italian]? Expensive.
There are some great ones. Do you have a preference for which part of town it is in?
Nope! Could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at [12:30] on Tuesday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H9SV1U6G .
Awesome. Thanks for your assistance, that's all I need.
I am glad to be of service! Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a restaurant called the [copper kettle].
I have found The Copper Kettle lcoated at 4 Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a table for 3 on tuesday at [15:15].
Booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different time of place?
Can you find me another place in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at [the oak bistro]. Reference number K4QUY32N . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you.
Okay enjoy your dinner.


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to [saigon city] and should arrive by [24:45].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [parkside pools].
I've booked a grey BMW that will leave Parkside Pools, and arrive in Saigon City by 24:45. Their contact number is 07828476668. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. that's all.
Okay, have a wonderful day then, goodbye!


I am looking for a train that leaves for Cambridge on Monday.
Where are you departing from?
Hello, I am departing from Ely.
There are several trains available, starting at 5:35 am and ending at 11:35 PM. What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [10:00] please
Train TR2987 will arrive in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets and a reference number.
Your tickets are all set, reference number is VKWMNP74
Thanks! I'm also looking for a good museum in the center of town.
There are 11 museums, I would recommend castle galleries because it's free.
Fantastic. Can you provide me with the address and phone number for the Castle Galleries, please?
They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402
What is their entrance fee?
They do not have a fee. It is free to enter.
I have everything I need. Thanks!
Is there anything else I can look up for you today?
No, that's it. Thank you.
No problem! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!


Can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in Cambridge?
sure, i have 21 options for you
I need it to include free wifi please.
There are still 21 options. What price range would you like?
No matter. Could you make a recommendation? I will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting Sunday.
I would suggest [Hobsons House] in the west. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : X5GMNTU5 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive [Chinese] restaurant.
Do you have a location preference? Perhaps in the west where you would be staying?
No, but I need the address.
[hakka] is located in the north on milton road chesterton.
I want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Is there a time you would like to be picked up?
I want to leave the hotel by [19:00].
You all set, look for a light blue ford pinto. Kidding, your cab will be a black skoda, they can be reached at 07738544250, can I help with anything else?
No thanks, have a good day.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
no am ok, thanks
welcome all the time
Thank you, that was all I needed.
have a good day
Thank you. You've been a big help. Good-bye.
Thank you for using our service today.


Know any good bites around here?
I have a wide range of places I can recommend. First, why don't I ask if there is an area in the city that you prefer to dine in?
I would like to dine in the south, preferably [Chinese] and expensive.
We have two in that area. There is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck chinese food takeaway". Would you like to book a table at one of these options?
Can I just get the address for the Peking Restaurant?
Absolutely - the [Peking Restaurant] is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, cb28nx. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that'll do it. I'm going to go eat! Thanks for your help!
Great. Enjoy your meal! Goodbye.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente.
Sure. I have 5. How about the rice house? They serve chinese. Or dojo noodle bar, the serve asian?
Lets try [rice house].
Sure thing! Their address is 88 Mill Road City Centre, would you like me to book you a table now?
Actually can you check for a place that serves [Vietnamese] food?
There are no vietnamese restaurants in my system, I'm sorry.
No problem. How about [indian] food?
There are 5 indian restaurants. The curry garden is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Please book for 8 people. Friday at [18:45]. Reference number, please.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is UQ9QFHX2 . May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a train to bishop's stortford.
Sure thing. There are lots to choose from. Can you tell me more about your departure location and preferred day and time of travel?
Yes, I would prefer train and would like to arrive by [09:45] on saturday.
I found two trains for those specifications, will it be the same 8 people with you?
Yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?
The first will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07. The second leaves at 7:29 and arrives at 8:07.
I would like to book the train arriving at [8:07] for 8 people. Can you do that? I will need the reference number.
There is a train leaving cambridge on Saturday at 07:29. Would that work for you?
Yes that would work, please book for my party.
Eight people are booked. The reference number is 1G47DQTH . Your train ID is TR3062. The total fee is 64.64 GBP. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much, that should be it!
Thank you and enjoy your visit.


I'm interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night.
We dont have any one star hotels
The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.
I have The [Cambridge Belfry], it is cheap and has wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?
It is a 4 star hotel.
Sure, please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XQ9KI92A .
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our services. Do you need further assistance?
No, I am done for the day. Thanks again. Bye!
Thank you for calling. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hi, I am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when I get into town.
Great, we have 79 attractions, do you have a particular type or area of town?
No particular area but I would like to go swimming. Are there any swimming pools?
Could I recommend [a[bbey pool] and astroturf pitch] it is very nice.
That sounds nice. What area is that pool in?
That is on the east side of town.
Perfect. I am also looking for a hotel in the south side.
There are several, did you have a price range preference?
No, but I want something 4-star that offers free wifi.
[Rosa's] bed and breakfast is a great deal for a guesthouse that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I do not want to book yet, just gathering information. What is the postcode?
The post code is cb22ha is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool?
What time do you want to go?
I need to leave the hotel by [6:00], need the contact # and car type please
red skoda #07340785160
Thank you, that was quick. That is all I need, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I need a place in the centre that serves [african] food.
Bedouin is an african restaurant in the centre. Phone # is 01223367660 and it's located on 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range?
It is classified as an expensive place to eat. Would you like to book a table?
No thanks what is their postcode though?
The post code is: cb12bd Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the same area as the restaurant.
Of course! I'd suggest Primavera. It's a wonderful museum in the centre, and it has free admission. Would you like more information?
Thanks for the good suggestion. What is the postcode for [Primavera]?
The post code is cb21sj and the address is 10 king s parade. Their phone number is 01223357708. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.
Have a swell day.


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby it should have the [infectious diseases] department.
The Addenbrookes Hospital has a phone number of 01223217314 for the infectious diseases department.
Thank you. Can I have the postcode?
Their postcode is CB20QQ. Can I get you any more information about them?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!
welcome. at your service next time
Great! Have a nice day! good bye.
Hope you feel better, have a great day.


Could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?
Absolutely, there are quite a few restaurants. Can you help me by specifying what type of food you're looking for?
I am interested in an expensive restaurant. See what's available, and maybe I can choose from there.
I have five places, what type would you prefer?
[Italian] would be great. I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives on Tuesday by [15:30].
There are no Italian places to dine, is there another food you would prefer before we book the train?
any expensive restaurant will suffice. Reserve it for 8 people at [18:30] on tuesday and I'll need the reservation number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 51VEERAC .
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Stevenage.
What day would you like to travel on?
I'll be traveling Tuesday, and need it booked for 8. Could I also get the reference number for that as well?
The first train leaves Stevenage at 05:54 and every two hours thereafter until the last train at 23:54. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
Anytime would be great, I'd like to book it for the same number of people as my restaurant.
Ok, I've booked your party on TR0517, it leaves at 11:54. Reference number is IAYFJ8SI . Total is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Reference number is IAYFJ8SI, that will be all
Great! Have a great day!


I need an expensive place to stay.
There are several options. Which part of town would you like?
Please look in the centre of town.
What star rating would you like?
I don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.
I have [Gonville Hotel] at Gonville Place. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes can you please book four nights starting thursday
I will be happy to book a room for you for four nights starting Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.
And how many people do you need the reservation for?
Actually I changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UJUMJ5OS . Anything else you need?
Yes, I need the postcode for [Bangkok city] restaurant please.
The postcode is cb23jx. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, thanks, but I will be needing a taxi.
I can book a taxi I just need the following information the travel time, departure site and the arrival destination.
Nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. I should leave by [2:15].
I have booked you a taxi at 2:15. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572703155. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.


I'm a big fan of architecture. Is there some in the centre that I can check out?
Definitely! [All Saints Church] is one that is a definite must-see. And it's free to enter!
phone number, address please thank you
Their phone number is 01223452587, and address is jesus lane. Can I help with anything else?
yes, am also looking for a train. The train should leave after [16:45] and should leave on thursday
No problem! where are you departing from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and headed to Broxbourne.
what about TR7222? it leaves at 21:01
That will work. Can I have the train ID, price and travel time?
the tickets are 17.90 pounds and it's a 60 minute ride.
What is the train ID?
The train ID for this route is TR7222. How many tickets would you like me to book?
None right now. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You covered it all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day. Bye.


Hello, I am looking for a guest house.
Great, I can help you, let me just get some more information. Is there a specific location or price range you'd like to stay within?
I need one in Cambridge and I would like a 4 star rating.
There are 18 options, do you have any other preferences such as area or price range?
I need a place with free parking.
We have 16 options available that may suit your needs. Can you tell me what price range you are interested in?
I have no particular preference on price range.
What area would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I just need the price range, address, and postcode. You pick the type.
Ok alexander bed and breakfast it is a guest house located in centre and is cheap with 4 stars. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. post code cb12de
Thanks. Could you tell me what kind of food the [Peking Restaurant] serves?
The Peking Restaurant serves expensive Chinese food.
Thank you for your help. That's all I need for now!
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you, goodnight.
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!


Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves [European] food?
I have a number of restaurants available. Is there a particular area of the city where you would like to go?
I would prefer the centre of town.
I highly recommend [Riverside Brasserie]. It's located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Is there anything else i can help you with?
can you book a table for 3 on monday at [18:45]
Yes for sure! That booking was successful and your reference number is L6EX6O5W .
Thank you. I need to find a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street leaving on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by [12:45].
I have train TR0077 that leaves at 9:01 and arrives at 11:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect. Could you book it for the same group of people, please?
I booked it for you. reference number is J92CR71U . Anything else today?
You are great thanks !
You're welcome. Did you need more help?
That is everything that I need.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


Is there a [latin american] restaurant in the center?
There are no Latin American restaurants in the centre. Would you like information about a different style of food?
sure, what else is there?
I have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines. Do you have a preference?
how about [latin american] food?
I have no latin american restaurants in the centre. Perhaps another part of the city?
Why don't we try for [lebanese] food instead
There is [Ali Baba], that is lebanese. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. There will be 3 of us for Tuesday at [13:30].
All right, sir, I'm happy to say the booking was successful. Would you like the reservation number?
Of course I'll need that.
Reference number is : B5CPU2X5 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
that is it. thanks
You are more than welcome!


I need a train from leicester that leaves after [14:30].
ok thank you. I would like to book a ticket on TR4351 since that is the closest time you guys have.
Does that train leave on Wednesday and go to Cambridge?
The earliest train that day leaves at 15:09. Do you want to book it?
What time will it arrive? How many minutes does it take to get there? Can you tell me the price?
It arrives at 16:54 and is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Can you tell me what the total travel time is for the entire ride?
The travel time is 105 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a expensive [indian] restaurant.
What area would you like the indian restaurant to be in?
I would like it in the west please.
I found 5 restaurants that are expensive Indian restaurants in the west area. Do you want information on all of them?
No, just pick one and book it and provide me with the reference number please.
What day, time, and party size would you like to book?
Just a table for 1 at [18:45] on Wednesday please
I have booked your table for 1 on Wednesday at 18:45 at [Cocum]. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : JZ2XD42N .
That's great you've been a big help.
Glad I could help, have a great day.


Hi, I'm looking for a theater.
Do you have a location preference?
Not especially, could you give me a recommendation?
[ADC Theatre] in the centre is nice. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. Also, what is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is on park street, postcode cb58as
I also need a train ticket.
I'd be happy to help you find a train. Where would you be departing from and where would we be going to?
I will be going to Peterborough from Cambridge. Hoping to leave on Monday.
What time would you like to arrive or leave?
The train should arrive by [19:00] and should depart from cambridge.
I have a train leaving Cambridge at 5:06 and arriving to Peterborough at 5:56. The price is 16.50 pounds per ticket, would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 7 people, and give me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U0JGF786 .
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed today.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please.
There are about 33 different restaurants to choose from. What type of food are you interested in trying?
I think [Chinese] sounds good, are there any of those in the centre?
Yes. I have four places that are Chinese food. Would you like to book one?
yes please, book a table for 8 people at [19:30] on thursday
I have booked the [Ugly Duckling] at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BVC8A9MP .
I am also trying to find places to go for entertainment. Can you please help me?
Certainly. There are; Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds, Funky Fun House, Nusha, Tenpin and Whale of a Time. Could I book any of those for you?
Could you give me the area, address, and entrance fee fo the [Funky Fun House]?
It is in the east area and the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. I don't know the entrance fee but their number is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm actually all set now, thanks so much! Take care now!
Okay, have a great time in Cambridge!


I can't find a restaurant I am looking for.
Do you know the name of it? I can try and find it for you.
The [good luck] [Chinese] takeaway.
That's on 82 Cherry Hinton Road. If you need to contact them for directions, their number is 01223244149. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. Book a table for my party of 8 for [12:45] on Monday.
I have made your reservation, with reference #D8E6CV1X . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel named [kirkwood house].
That is one of my favorite guesthouses. Do you need a reservation there?
Yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from Monday please.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is K7VLK45Q . Will that be all?
I also need a taxi between the two places.
What time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in time for my lunch reservation.
Taxi is ready, look for a black lexus, they can be reached at 07505999310, any further questions?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help, it's much appreciated!
thank you for all the information. goodbye


Can you find me a train on thursday? I am leaving from cambridge.
Of course. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.
I have 10 trains going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I want to arrive by [15:00].
I have train TR5504 that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would this fit your schedule?
No, find me one that leaves after [08:00] please.
TR2715 leaves at 09:59 and arrives by 11:27, does this suit your needs better?
Can you book for 8 people? Please include the reference number.
Your reference number is 8P0JZI40 and you'll owe 132.8 GBP. Anything else I can do?
I also need to find a place to visit in the west part of town.
Is there anything in particular you'd like to see in the west part of town?
There's nothing in particular. Could you recommend something fun to do?
The [magdalene college] sounds like a blast and its also free.
Can you give me the phone number, please?
The phone number is 01223332138.
Great! What is their postcode please?
Their postcode is cb30ag
Thank you, that will do it for me today.
Enjoy your time at the college!


Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on sunday that leaves after [18:15].
There are 59 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday after 18:15. What is your destination?
I'm trying to get to london kings cross.
What time are you looking to arrive?
I don't have an arrival preference but I want to leave after 18:15.
I have train TR9039 leaving at 19:00 and arriving at 19:51. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please reserve 3 seats for us on that train, thanks.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : T7JV2Z8H . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to dine at an expensive restaurant.
I have several expensive restaurants available. What type of food would you like?
I would like [Indian] food please.
Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to dine at?
Yes, I would like the east area please.
There are 2 Indian restaurants in that area. I would recommend the [sitar tandoori]. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes go ahead an book it. Could I get the reference number please?
When would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be three of us dining on Sunday at [12:15].
Your reservation for a table of 3 at sitar tandoori this sunday at 12:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 99050JJK .
Thank you for your help. thats all i need today.
You're very welcome! Have a great time! Bye!


Good afternoon, I need to make arrangements to leave Stevenage on Monday by train. Would you help me please?
What is your destination?
Cambridge is my destination
There are several options. What time would you like to depart?
I wish to leave sometime after [14:15].
How about TR5825?
thats still alright. give me the reference number too please
How many tickets do you need, please? Is it one?
I need 2 tickets please.
The booking was successful, your reference number is 8C5GS6IL . The total fee will be 25.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome,have a nice day and a wonderful trip.


I am looking for a cheap local restaurant located in the centre of town
There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. If you have no food type preference, would you like to go to Charlie Chan's?
I am looking for one that serves [Spanish] food
Yes I have one Spanish restaurant matching your price range and criteria. Would you like their number and address?
Would you please book a table for 4 people at [15:30] on Saturday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is L4BT0A1C . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a college to visit in the center of town.
There are 13 entries. Do you require a certain entrance fee?
I don't care, but could you make me a suggestion but tell me the entrance fee along with their address and postcode?
Sure! Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street with a postcode of cb23bu, There is not entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much for this!
You are more than welcome!


I need to find a train that leaves peterborough on friday.
sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge and I'd like to leave at or a little after [09:00], if possible.
I have the tr1393 which leaves the station at 09:19, how many tickets would you like?
I need 4 tickets. What is the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MU3UYQCK .
I'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called [graffiti].
Graffiti is an excellent choice! It's an expensive British restaurant on the west side. Would you like a table there?
No thanks, I just need the address please.
There address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road postcode cb30lx. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am looking for the address for graffiti
Their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Okay, let us know if you need anything else.


I am looking for some attractions in downtown Cambridge/
There are 44 attractions listed, do you have a specific interest?
What types of attractions are there?
Architecture, boats, cinema, colleges, concert halls, entertainment, museums, sports, nightclubs, parks, pools, and theatres. What part of town would you like to be in?
What about a museum in the centre of town?
Yes there are 11 museums in the centre. There are art museums, science museums, archaeology. All of them have free admission!
I'd also like a guesthouse with 0 stars. I don't need wifi or parking but should be in same area as attraction. Can you help with that?
[El Shaddai] is the perfect match for you. It is located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, that sounds great. Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
I need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday. Is this possible?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is IE05GDQS .
Great, thanks so much for all your help. Have a good day!
You, too. Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.


I'm coming to Cambridge to visit, and I'd like to try some [Chinese] food in the centre. Can you help me, please?
We have ten restaurants that match that description . What is your price range?
I would like a restaurant in the moderate price range.
Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
I don't need a reservation right now, but if you could give me the phone number, postcode, and address, that would be great.
Jinling noodle bar's phone number is 01223566188. It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre postcode cb23pp. How else may I assist you?
I am interested in some attractions in the centre as well. What is there?
There are several old churches, colleges, and there are museums and theatres.
Can you recommend a theatre?
I've got the adc theatre located in the center of town. How would that do?
Sure. What is the postcode?
The postcode for the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me book a taxi from [Jinling noodle bar] to [ADC] please? I would like it to arrive at the restaurant by [10:45].
Of course. A yellow bmw will pick you up at the Jinling Noodle Bar at 10:45. The contact number is 07447453701. Do you need anything else?
Great, that is everything I needed. Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
Sure. No problem. Bye now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.


I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?
Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from [London Kings Cross].
I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by [09:00] if that is possible.
Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.
I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PY3UDDOV .
I am also looking for a guesthouse.
There are 24 guesthouses in the city to choose from. Do you have an idea of what part of town you'd like to stay in or what your price range is?
I definitely need free parking also, please.
There are 21 guesthouses fitting your requirements in all areas. The guesthouses are in both the cheap and moderate price ranges.
I want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced
I have the [Acorn Guest House] that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
No, not right now but do you have their address handy?
Sure, they are located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da. Do you need any further assistance today?
No thank you. I appreciate all you have done to help me.
Your welcome. If you change your mind and want reservations, feel free to contact us again.
Of course I will. Thank you also.
You are welcome enjoy.


Hi, I'm looking for upscale hotels in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any that also include free parking?
[Acorn guesthouse] is in the north part of town and has a 4 star rating, would you like to book that one?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes, the Acorn Guest House provides free wifi.
Can you book it for 6 people staying 5 nights starting on saturday? I'll need the reference number as well.
I certainly can. I have good news, I was able to get you into the Acorn Hotel for 5 nights accommodating 6 people. Your reference number is CO8AEKSX .
thanks!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. Can you also tell me if there is a park in the North by the hotel?
[Milton Country Park] is located in the north and admission is free.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?
The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's everything. Thanks for the info.
Glad I could be of service!


I am looking for Addenbrookes Hospital please.
I can help you with that! Do you information about any particular department of Addenbrookes Hospital?
The hospital should have the [neurology] department.
Yes, they have both a neurology department and a neurology neurosurgery. Would you like the number for one of those?
help me get postcode and phone number
The postcode is CB20QQ, phone for neurology is 01223274680.
enjoyed your services. keep that up
Thank you, sir. Do call us again. Good day.
Have a good day yourself. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the west in the expensive range.
I have 9 restaurants in the west that meet what you are looking for. What type of food are you looking for?
I don't really have a preference. I think I'd like to try something new.
Would you like to try [graffiti]?
Yes, could you book a table for 1 at [11:30] on thursday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K2Y3OZAK . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
im looking also for a place to go still in the west
There are several colleges and museums in the area. Do you have a preference?
How about a museum? What kind are there?
Well, I would recommend the cambridge book and print gallery, which is located at 49 newnham road. There is no entrance fee. Does that sound interesting to you?
What is the postcode?
They're located in postcode cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [indian] food.
Sure, what is your price point?
as cheap as possible
There are three restaurants: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
ok lets try [the gandhi], a table for 4 on sat at [14:15], and I need the reference number
The booking was successful and your reference number is 57DS952F .
I'm also looking for a train that leaves London Kings Cross on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by [09:45].
I have train TR8885 that leaves at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:08. Will that work for you?
Would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?
I have made your reservation for 4 tickets on TR8885. The total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is KO3L1QDO .
Thanks, that's all I needed today!
Thank you. Let us know if you need more help.


Can I get the address and phone number for the Parkside police station?
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223358966 and they are located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you, that is all I need today.
I'm glad we could help. Please call us back anytime. Good Bye!


I need a thursday train that arrives by [8:30].
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage.
You have two options; TR2016 departs at 05:21 and TR4376 departs at 07:21. Would you be interested in either of these?
Either one is fine. I need 8 tickets please.
Would you like a reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number, can you also give me information about [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds]?
It is located on Cherry Hinton Road and phone is 01223446104 is there any thing else


Hi, I am looking to book a taxi departing from [Loch Fyne] after [11:00].
What is your destination?
I'm heading to the [bridge guest house].
I have confirmed a taxi for you, picking you up at 11:00 at loch fyne. A yellow lexus will pick you up. Their contact number is 07307653173.
Great. Thank you.
Have a great day!


I am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by [16:45].
I can help with that! There are a total of 42 trains departing from Ely. What is your destination so I can narrow this down for you?
I would like to go to cambridge on thursday
What time you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I'm there by 16:45.
There are 6 trains leaving that will get you there by 16:45, the closest TR3240 arriving at 15:52. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make me a reservation for two people on TR3240 arriving at 15:52.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T4I7L6BG . Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the north.
Sure, do you have a food preference? I see Chinese, French, European and Asian Oriental.
Choose your favorite. I do need an address and post code, please.
How about The Hotpot? It is located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the postal code is cb41ep.
The [Hotpot] sounds great! Can you please make a reservation for Friday for 2 people at [8 pm]?
Sure! Your reservation at the hotpot for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm is successful. Would you like a reference number?
Yes please, thank you for your help. The reference number will come in handy.
I'm sorry at the moment I can not obtain that for you.
Alright, thank you, I think that will be all for today.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Again, thanks for all of your help today. Good bye.
You're welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.


I need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves [italian] ood.
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye!


Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the [Bridge Guest House] hotel.
It is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the moderate price range and has a 3 star rating.
Sounds good. Could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting Sunday? There will be six of us.
I'm afraid it's not available for that period. You would like to try a different day? Or a shorter time period?
Is it available on Monday?
I'm sorry, Monday is not available either. Would you like to try a shorter stay, perhaps?
Would 3 nights starting Sunday work?
Yes, that stay is available. I have successfully reserved it for you with a reference number of 34Z6Y56Y .
Thank You. I also need a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.
Sure, I need further information to narrow the results though.
I need to arrive in Stevenage by [09:45] on wednesday
The TR8974 arrives closest to that time, at 08:10. Your other choice arrives 2 hours earlier.
I would like the one that arrives at [8:10]. Could you book it for 6 people?
You're all set! The reference number is BGNTQZRJ, and you can pay the total fee of 76.8 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nothing else. Thank you for your help
You are very much welcome. Thank you for using our service and have a good day!


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
I am sorry to hear of your injury. Addenbrookes Hospital is a fine facility at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thanks, what is the phone number and postcode?
The phone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the address so I can find the hospital?
It's at Hills Rd, Cambridge with Postcode CB20QQ
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and hope you heal soon.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
what would you like to know?
I am looking for an attraction called [camboats], can you get me the address and postcode?
Yes, of course. The address of camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you. I would also like some help finding a train.
Sure I can help with that. Where are you departing from and going to. What time would you like to depart and on what day would you like the train?


I need a train from cambridge to ely.
No problem. What day will you be leaving, and is there a particular time you would like to board?
Yes, I need to leave on Friday sometime after [15:30].
I have a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:50 and arrives in Ely at 16:07, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also would like the reference number.
Sure thing. The number is FAC22HSG . Anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry, I forgot to specify that I need 6 tickets. Could you change that for me?
Surely, I have made that change and the new reference number is YWF1K74N . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks I appreciate it. That's all I need!
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!


I need a restaurant in Cambridge that has [international] food and a moderate price range please.
The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury both appear to offer what you're looking for. May I book one of those for you?
Yes please make me a reservation at the [Bloomsbury] for 2 people at [19:30] on Thursday.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to make that booking. Would you like another day or time?
How about [18:30] instead? Does that work?
Yes, the booking has been completed.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5 star hotels that include free parking?
Unfortunately there are no hotels that meet those preferences, would you like me to search for a 4 star instead?
Yes please, but it definitely needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
There are three hotels that meet your preferences, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, that would be great. I also need the reference number for the Bloomsbury booking please.
The reference number to the bloomsbury booking is NTKQ8R1I .
Thank you so much.
Did you want me to book that hotel for you? The Huntingdon Marriott, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms all meet your requirements.
I would like to book The [Huntingdon Marriott] on Thursday for 5 nights for the same 2 people. If it is not available, please book another one.
Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful for that day. Can we try another day?
Do they have a booking for one day?
Yes, I was able to book the hotel for one day. Your reference number is V1PGRO1T . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also in need of a taxi to commute between the locations, can you find me one?
I'd be happy to get you a taxi, will you be departing from the hotel or the restaurant? What time do you want to arrive?
I'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant at [18:30].
I have booked your taxi to bloomsbury from huntingdon, Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number: 07021736620. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day and please feel free to reach out again if you have more questions.


Can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?
We have nine. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat at an [indian] restaurant please.
There are 5 expensive Indian restaurants available in the west. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at [13:30] on Thursday.
Ok. I was able to book [cocum] on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people. Your reference number is LTZ2TPIA . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thank you for all your help. Good bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


i want to go boating in the centre of the town.
There are two places you could go boating. One is on Mill Lane and one is on Chesterton Road. Which would you prefer?
I would like the phone number for the one on Mill Lane please.
That is 01223359750. The company is scudamores punting co. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by [09:30].
There are multiple options but I need more information from you first. Where are you departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I want to leave on Tuesday from Kings Lynn
TR9854 departs at 05:11 arriving at 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book for me.
Sure, just the 1 ticket?
I need the travel time and price.
The price of the ticket is 9.80 pounds and leaves at 5:11. The duration of trip is 47 minutes. Anything else I can do?
No. All set. Thanks.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I need a place to grab a bite to eat today in Cambridge.
kindly specify what bite you want
I would like a "[chinese] bite".
There are many Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference or an area of town that suits you?
Yes, I am looking for expensive Chinese food in the South.
I have found two great restaurants that meet your needs. They are the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant.
Can you book me a table at The [Peking Restaurant] for 4 people at [11:30] on Friday.
I have booked your table and it will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is N3JR257P . Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also interested in visiting [Sidney Sussex college].
okay. their address is sidney street. their phone number is 01223338800 and the admission is free. is there anythinng else i could help you with?
No, that is all I needed to know. Thank you.
No thank you that will be all


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help?
Sure, what kind of food were you interested in?
I don't have a preference. Just need it to be cheap and in the south.
[Nandos] is my favorite. Cheap but excellent Portuguese place. Would you like a table there?
please get me their address.
Sure, it's Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay, a guesthouse please.
I will be happy to help with that, is there a certain area you were looking to stay at?
I'm looking for something in Cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary.
bridge guest house has a 3 star rating and is at 151 hills road
Is [Bridge Guest House] in the south? If so, I will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.
Yes bridge guesthouse is in the south. Sure when would you like to leave the restaurant?
What is the star of that hotel? The address, including area of town too.
It is rated 3 stars and is in the south and its address is 151 Hills Road.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?
sure, when would you like arrive by?
Thanks! I don't care, I just want to leave at [06:45], please.
Alright ive booked you a red volkswagen from nanfos to the bridge guesthouse that leaves at 06:45. their contact number is 07562063340. Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks that's all I need.
OKay, I am glad I could assist.
Thanks again, goodbye.
you are welcome to Cambridge


I am looking for a museum in Cambridge please
Do you have an area of the city you more prefer?
No, I do not, any museum would be fine. Could you please give me the entrance fee, area, and postcode for any one of the museums?
Cambridge Artworks in the east is a fun place. It's located at 5 greens road, cb13ef. Best of all, it has free entrance! Any other information I can find for you?
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge. But I tend to sleep in, so I won't be able to get going before [11:45].
What day do you want to travel, and where was that departure site again?
I'd like to leave Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
You have a few options going to Cambridge from Stansted airport after 11:45. How about Tuesday, leaving at 12:24?
That would be great, could you book it for 8 people please.
I've booked 8 tickets for you. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CYMNCQNX . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need goodbye
Thank you, and good-bye!


I'm looking for a restaurant in centre.
I have a lot of restaurants in Centre, 69 in total! What type of food are you looking for?
I am really in the mood for [Italian] food tonight. Something expensive!
I have found 4 restaurants that fit that criteria. Might I suggest [Caffe Uno]?
Yes. What is the address and phone number of that place?
The number is 01223448620 and it is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I book if for you?
Not at this time. I also need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
Did you have a time you want to leave?
I don't have a preference on what time to leave, however, I do need to be there by [08:00].
What day do you need the train on?
I'll be leaving on Monday.
So the TR2926 gets to kings lynn by 07:58 on Monday. It leaves cambridge at 07:11. fare is 9.80. would you like me to book tickets?
That would be excellent. Could you also give me the travel time once you book it for me?
The travel time is 47 minutes. Did you only need one ticket?
actually, i think i will book it later. thanks though. goodbye.
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


I'm looking for a certain hotel called the [cityroomz]. Can you tell me more about it?
Yes Cityroomz is located in the centre and is on sleeperz hotel, station road. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes thanks. There will be 2 of us arriving for 5 nights on Sunday.
I booked you a 5 night stay for two, beginning on Friday. Enjoy your stay!
I need the reference number please.
Reference number is : 3CJPO87U . Is there anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a restaurant serving [Irish] food in the center of town that is expensive.
I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Aww, that's a bummer. I was really wanting Irish food. How about [Indian] food? I could go for some good curry.
Okay, how about [Curry Garden]?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 2 Sunday at [15:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for [15] minutes. Reference number is : AIAOBIM7 . Is there anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need it to arrive by the booking time.
Your taxi reservation on a yellow Volvo is complete. You will be picked up at CityRoomz and dropped off at Curry Garden by 15:00. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you, that will be all.
I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I am interested in boat attractions.
There are 4 boat attractions. Do you want to specify an area?
Are there any boat attractions in the west?
There are no boat attractions in the west. The boat attractions are located in the east, north and centre areas. Will either of these areas work for you?
I see, can you tell me about museums in the west then. And what is the postcode?
There are 7 museums in the west, a few are cafe jello gallery, cambridge and county folk museum, kettle's yard, and lynne strover gallery. Which would you like?
What is the postcode of the [county folk museum]?
The postcode is cb30aq.
Thanks I also need a train leaving monday arriving by [1900]
Can you tell me where you are going to and from please?
I am going from stevenage to cambridge. I need the price, travel, and depart times please.
There is a train leaving from stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43. The price is 12.80 pounds. The trip is 49 minutes.
Thank you so much! I think that covers all the information I need today.
Sure! Would you like to book the train, or is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all. Thank you!
Alright, have a nice day!


Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after [10:00].
Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.
TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great. Could you please make a booking for seven people?
The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on [rosa's] bed and breakfast.
That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town. What would you like to know?


Hi I am looking for a hotel called [limehouse].
Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse with 4 stars located North of cambridge. Their phone number is 01223300552. How else can I assist you today?
Can I book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?
Unfortunately I can't book that. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, would you try to book it for three nights?
The Limehouse has been booked for 7 people for 3 days, starting on Sunday. The reference number is QHGUALFE .
Thank you. Can you book us a train that gets there by [13:15]?
Yes. I will need to know where you will be departing from and what day you would like to take the train?
I am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.
I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:58. Will that do?
That's okay I guess, but is there any later train? We're not early birds.
Yes, I recommend train TR1152 that arrived y 12:58
That's much better, thank you. I'll need tickets for 7.
Great. I have booked 7 tickets for you. The total free is 54.88 GBP and payable at the station. The reference number is 68C4UWDM .
Thank you so much. I think that did it for today. Have a great one!
Glad to have been of help! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I need help today booking a taxi.
Alright where would you like to go?
[Vue Cinema]. I will be leaving from [Ballare].
What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to be picked up by [13:00].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07622282042
Thank you for your help
You are welcome! Have a nice day!


A cheap [jamaican] restaurant, please. If you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
There are no Jamaican restaurants listed. I will look for Mediterranean.
Okay what is the phone number and postcode of that [mediterranean] place?
[The Gardenia] is located in the centre at postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L and can be reached at 01223 356354. Can I get anything else for you?
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Could you tell me if Cambridge has any expensive [Austrian] restaurants?
I'm afraid not. Could you like to try any other food type or price range?
Are you sure there's no expensive Austrian food in the north? It's what I'm really set on.
I'm sorry but I'm not able to find anything that matches those specifications. Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you look for something [Chinese] with the same criteria?
I would suggest [hakka]
That sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at [12:00] on Thursday, please?
I have a table for 8 people on Thursday at 12:00, your reference number in PBGQ796L . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a boat in the North of town.
There is one option. It is riverboat georgina. Can I help you further today?
Please tell me the postcode
Sure thing. The postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
You are most welcome. Enjoy your day!


I'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town. Ask for address, phone number and type of food.
[grafton hotel restaurant] is an expensive [british] restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387
thank you goodbye
You are welcome.


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address?
Meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range. Their address is 205 Victoria road, Chesterton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while I am visiting.
Is location a concern?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the centre of town.
There are over 20 results. Would you like a certain type of food?
Thank you! I don't care what kind of cuisine they serve.
There's a fantastic British restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Or if you're interested in Chinese food, Jinling Noodle Bar also has wonderful reviews. Do either of those interest you?
Sure could I get the phone number to [Jinling Noodle Bar]?
The phone number is 01223566188. I can book that for you if you'd like.
i am also looking for places to go in town.
Do you have a specific kind of attraction in mind?
An entertainment venue, I think. Near the restaurant, if possible.
How about museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's located in the centre as well.
No, let's try a college instead. What do you recommend?
[corpus christi] is very popular. The phone number is 01223334900 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at [14:45].
The taxi is booked. The car type is blue Volkswagen. The contact number is 07313427234.
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!
Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Uh, you already did. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.
Enjoy your trip!


Can you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?
There's just one - the Cherry Hinton Village Centre on the east side of town.
Thank you very much, that is what I was looking for
Okay, Cherry Hinton Village Centre is on Colville Road, postcode cb19ej. The phone number is 01223576412.
You know, I really wanted to visit the centre of town. Can you find a theatre in the center of town?
There are numerous, would you be interested in this one? ADC Theatre, phone - 1223300085, postcode - cb58as, address - park street.
How much does it cost to get in?
The entrance fee is unknown. You may have to call them and check. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Hmm. Perhaps you could help me with a train. I'm coming in from Ely on Monday.
What time do you want to depart or to arrive?
I need to arrive by [15:15].
I have TR4849 that will depart at 13:35 and will put you in Cambridge around 13:52. Would this interest you?
Could you make a reservation on that train please?
I would be happy to. How many people will be traveling?
Just me for now please.
I've booked your ticket for TR4849. The fee is 4.4 GPB and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is W6ZVGNJN . Anything else I can help with?
That's all I needed today thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hope you have a great trip.


I am looking for a place called [stazione restaurant and coffee bar]. Can you help me?
Of course, Stazione is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at [11:15] please. And I'll need a reference number.
Your reservation is set. Reference number ZX0558LA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for information on an attraction called [the cambridge corn exchange].
It's a theatre on wheeler street in the center part of town. Is there something particular you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm just curious of the entrance fee.
I'm sorry. I'm unable to find the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi between the two places, I need to arrive by at the restaurant [11:15].
I booked you a taxi from The Cambridge Corn Exchange to Stazione Restaurant. Look for a Red BMW, contact number 07906175521. Can I help more today?
No, that's all. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a fantastic day.


I'm looking for a hotel room. Can you help me find one?
Yes, there are nine hotels you can stay at what area and price range do you want?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter.
Well the [Autumn house] is my recommendation, cheap price four stars and located in the east. Would you care for more info or a booking?
Yes. Book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
I was able to book the room, your reference number is 2BU7S7NI . Would you like any more assistance today?
Yes, I would like to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport please.
i can help you with that. what day are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Wednesday.
What time would you like to leave and/or arrive on Wednesday?
I'd like to arrive by [14:15] and would like to book on the same day as the hotel booking, please.
i have train tr7996 that leaves at 13:40 and arrives by 14:08. would you like any tickets?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 3XBEBG2W . Anything else?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Have a nice day, goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel called [finches bed and breakfast].
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse on the west side of town and falls in the cheap price range. Are you interested in booking a room there?
Yes I am, I need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Would you like to try for another arrival date or a shorter stay?
Is there anything open for just 1 night?
Sure. Your reference number is ZELLMALY .
Great, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
We're always happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the North please
There's a restaurant that serves chinese and a restaurant that serves indian food. Will one of those work for you?
I would prefer the [Indian] restaurant please.
Okay. Would you like for me to make a reservation there?
Yes. Can you book for 8 people at [19:15] on Monday?
Ok, you're booked, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7Y3YQNNR .
I also need to get a train.
Alright when would you like to leave by?
I want the train from birmingham new street to arrive in cambridge by [09:30]. I plan to travel on monday. Please provide me with the travel time for this trip
There are 4 options. The travel time for each trip is 163 minutes.
Get the earliest one, please.
The earliest train leaves at 05:40 and arrives 08:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and travel time 163 minutes. Do you want to book, and if so for how many people?
Yes I would like to book, for 8 people.
Okay, it is booked. Reference number is VSTQEJ0S
Thank you for all of your help!
Thanks, have a great trip!


I want to find a hotel located in the west please.
Is there anything else you want in a hotel?
Yes please. I would like for it to include free wifi.
I have found a number of hotels with internet, what is your price range?
I want the most expensive one.
I think you'll be happy with the [Huntington Marriott Hotel]. The phone number is: 01480446000. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.
Ok, I have 4 people booked at the Huntingdon Marriott for 5 days beginning on Saturday. Your reference number should you need it is 8DNV0JBG . Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. I am looking to go to london Kings cross on thursday via train. Is this something you can assist with?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cabridge.
There are trains to Kings Cross every 2 hours, on the hour. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I need the train to leave after [16:45].
TR1791 leaves at 17:00. it is the earliest. will that be fine with you?
Sure. What is the cost and what time will it arrive?
The price is 23.60 pounds and you will arrive at 17:51.
thankyou so much
Thank you for using our service today!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
I'm sorry there are no results for an expensive guesthouse, would you like to try another type, such as hotel?
Well I'm really looking for that expensive guesthouse type. How about something in the north with free parking included?
There are no results for expensive guesthouse in the north. Would you like to try something else?
how about something in the moderate price range?
How about [acorn house]? I hear it's lovely.
Sure, please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on thursday.
Sorry, the hotel can't accommodate you for that time frame. want to change dates?
Can we make it 1 night then?
Booking was successful for one night. Reference number is : FJFV11JA .
Thank you for assisting me with that. I won't need anything else today.
Thank you for using our service.


I am looking for information on places to stay in Cambridge.
There are 33 places to stay, do you have some criteria to narrow it down?
I need free parking, free wifi, and something moderately priced, please.
There are 14 places to stay, do you have an area you prefer?
Can you find a guesthouse for me?
I have 12 different options. Do you have an area that you prefer to stay in?
No preference I also need a train leaving on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.
And can you tell me your destination please?
Birmingham new street
And when will you be needing to travel?
I would like to leave after [10:45] to birmingham new street.
TR2694 leaves at 11:01, would you like to book that trip?
Yes,please book this trip!
Yes, I can. Will you be traveling alone?
Yes, I'm traveling alone, so just one ticket. Don't forget to find me a guesthouse to stay in, as well!
Your reference number regarding your train ticket is QK4EBNQR . Now, just to confirm did you need a guesthouse?
Can I get the price and travel time for the train?
There are several guesthouses in the area. archway house is a good fit located at 52 gilbert road. Would you like to book it?
I still need the price and travel time for train TR2694. For the guesthouse, I need the address and number of stars for a moderate guesthouse with wifi and parking.
75.10 pounds per ticket, the trip lasts 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I was still needing the address and number of stars for a moderately priced guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
I can recommend acorn guest house, they are at 154 chesterton road.
That works! Please book it!
What day would you like to begin your stay. And how many days and people in your party?
How many stars is [Acorn Guesthouse], and what is its address?
It is a 4 star hotel and the address is 154 chesterton road, would you like me to book it?
No, don't book it. Can you look for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?
There is a train on Wednesday at 11:01 am.
That sounds good. What is the train ID number? I also need the price and travel time.
The ID is TR2694, the price is 75.10 pounds and the travel time is 163 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I will be in the centre of cambridge. I am looking for any type of attraction involving architecture.
I'd recommend [All Saints Church] on Jesus Lane. Did you need help with anything else?
Can you give me the postcode for that?
The postcode is CB58BS. Can I help you find anything else?
I need a place to stay.
There are 33 places to stay, do you have any requirements?
I need something in the south and free parking.
I would recommend the [Bridge Guest House] based on your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Can you tell me what their star rating is?
Of course! They are a 3-star establishment. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry. There is no availability. Would you like to try different dates or another hotel?
How about just 2 nights instead?
Bridge Guest House was available for 2 nights. Your reference number is ULWMFZAX . What else can I do for you today?
thats it, thanks!
You're very welcome, I'm glad that I could help. I hope that you enjoy your stay! Goodbye.


Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?
Yes, I can certainly help you with that. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in? And do you have a price range in mind?
I want to stay in Cambridge and I need a cheap hotel.
I have about 10 options of cheaper rooms. Most are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
I prefer a hotel. Preferably one with free parking.
Is there a particular side of town you prefer?
I would like to be in the center.
The hotel is located in the west. Would you like a guesthouse instead?
After rethinking some things, I actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre. I'd still like free parking as well. Are any available?
I have two. Would you prefer 3 or four stars?


I need some help choosing a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross.
The next train leaves Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday at 05:00. What day do you want to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday sometime [after 16:30.]
I have a train leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51 would you like to book this?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people.
The booking was successful. Reference number is : IGMRVY4Y
That's lovely. We also require lodging. Could you help find a guesthouse with free parking?
There are 21 guesthouses that include parking. Is there a price range or area you would like to stay?
It doesn't matter, we will also need wifi, and will be staying for 2 nights, starting on Monday.
I would recommend the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] then.
That sounds great. Can you go ahead and book it for me?
Alright I booked it. Reference number is I5AR5Q3J
Thanks so much! I'm all finished now, goodbye!
Your welcome! Please have a nice day!


I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?
The A and B guest house is a cool place to stay in the east. We also have many other options. Do you have a price range?
I'm a sophisticated man. I will only consider expensive guesthouses.
We have 5 great choices. Do you have a preference with a specific location?
I would like to make sure it has free wifi.
The [gonville hotel] is really nice. Want a reservation?
Yes can you please?
Can you tell me what day you want to start your stay? And how many people for how many nights?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is AZSYT6ET . Can I help with anything else?
We need a place to go in town. Can you help?
Sure I can. Do you have a preference for what part of town, or what type of place you want to visit?
I'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.
How does the [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] sound? Would you like more information about this attraction?
Sounds great. I'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.
The postcode is cb18dw. They are on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446104. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a taxi?
Yes I can I just need the travel time, departure time, and arrival time.
Yes, I want to depart [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] by [16:00]. I will be going to the hotel.
I need to know the name of destination please.
You just reserved the Gonville hotel for me. That's where I'd like to go.
Of course, sorry about that. Look for a Blue Ford. Contact number: 07146797795. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all.
Thanks for using our service. Enjoy your visit.
Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you for using this service good bye


Hi there! I'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.
We have a wide range of attractions in the center of town: achitecture, boats, cinema, colleges, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, and theatres. Which would you enjoy?
I think a museums might be nice. Can you recommend one to me?
there are many too choose from! would you like to visit an art museum?
Can you still just recommend one please??
I recommend primavera it's free and located at 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking to book the hotel [El Shadai] starting on Thursday for 8 people and 4 nights.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is ERQXH3VN . Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all. Good day. Bye.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.


Can you help me find a place to go in the east?
We have 5 very nice attractions in the east, do you have an idea of type of activity that would best match your needs?
Is there a museum I could go to on that side of town? If so, please provide phone number, address, and postcode.
Yes, there are 4 museums. Three are free and one has a 5 pound entrance fee. Are you looking for a gallery?
What do you recommend?
[Cambridge artworks] is wonderful! They are located at 5 greens road cb13ef. There phone number is 01223902168.
I'm also looking for a place to eat. I don't mind where, but I want an expensive [chinese] place.
There are 9 options that fit your criteria. Would you like a recommendation or would you like to narrow it down further?
A recommendation would be fine. Can I get the area they're in and post code?
I recommend [yu garden]. It is located in the east. The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Postcode cb58pa.
I'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the restaurant by [2:30]
Ok. I booked a taxi for you. It is a blue audi and the contact number is 07155610417.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
You're welcome, goodbye!


Please help me find a train from kings lynn to cambridge.
What day and time will you be departing?
Friday. I need to arrive by [11:30].
TR1612 will get you there by 9:58. Plenty of time.
Ok, that sounds good. Can I please book 2 tickets? And I'll need a reference number, please.
Your reference number is RH4X9U1Z . Do you need anything else?
Yes, please. I would like to visit a museum while I am in town.
How about the [cambridge artworks]?
Is it in the west? I need something in that area.
If you'd like to be in the west, I recommend [Cafe Jello Gallery].
Could I get the phone number and postcode of that museum?
Sure, the phone number is 01223312112. The post code is cb30af. Do you need any additional information about Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, may I have the address, too?
The address for Cafe Jello Gallery is 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like any more assistance today?
that is it i am good now thanks !
Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
You too, goodbye!
Be sure to ask if you need anything!


Hi, this is a two-fer. I need to find a hotel that offers both free wifi and free parking
There are 29 different options, anything else that we can search for to narrow this down?
Yes, it needs to be cheap with 0 stars!
I have 2 locations. One is in the North and one in the centre. Do you have a preference of area?
what type of hotels are they?
Both are guesthouses.
Which one do you suggest?
I would suggest [el shaddai].
Ok great. What is the postcode and what area is it in?
It is in the north and the past code is cb43ht.
I am also looking for a particular restaurant.
Do you know the name?
Yes, it's called [Graffiti].
Ah, yes, Graffiti. Great place, they just repainted. Would you like to book a reservation?
i want to know the food type and area
Graffiti serves British food and it's in the west. Would you like any additional information?
Thank you! That is all I need!
Enjoy your stay in cambridge.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Persian] food.
There are no Persian restaurants listed. Is there something else I can search for?
How about a restaurant that serves [European] food?
There are 4 restaurants that meet those specification. Do you have a preference of the area of town it is located at?
The area doesn't matter.
Okay, I suggest the [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant]. They serve great European food and are located in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please. And the address as well.
their address is Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced.
Sure, I can find one for you. What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter, I'm not familiar with the town. I just need free WiFi and free parking.
The acorn guest house is located in the north and offers free parking and internet. Phone number is 01223353888 and has 4 stars.
That's what I need. Will you book [acorn guest house] for me starting Wednesday for 7 people, please.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or try booking another hotel?
Can you try again, please? I never told you how many nights we need. We'd like to arrive Wednesday and stay for 5 nights. We're a party of 7.
Oh, I'm sorry, that was my mistake. I do have you booked now for five nights now, reference number 1UX4GMPA . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge. I'm coming from Broxbourne.
It looks like they run hourly at 32 minutes past the hour, starting at 5:32. Did you have a day and time in mind?
I'd like to arrive by [14:15].
Sure, the train that arrives closest to 14:15 is TR7834 arriving at 13:32. How many people will be riding?
How long will I be on the train?
You would be on the train for an hour, is this OK?
Yes, so to clarify, what time will that train be departing?
TR3158 departs Broxbourne at 12:32, arrives at 13:32, and is a one hour ride. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you. The information was all I needed for today.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant for us to eat at. Some place nice.
There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I was thinking of having [caribbean] food
I can't locate a restaurant serving Caribbean food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
how about [indian]. yummy !
There are 14 choices. I would recommend [Tandoori Palace] in the west. The phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure! I need a table for just me on Tuesday at [16:45], please.
Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is GRJ6E9C3 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'm also looking for places to go in the city centre.
We have 44 options for you. Would you like to narrow it down by attraction type?
It should be in the same area as the restaurant.
I have 5 places for you, 4 have free entrance fee and one has 2 pounds entrance fees.Which one will you prefer
Lets pay, this trip is a business write off, so money is no object, Ill take the 2 pound entrance fee.
Great Saint Mary's Church is located at Market Square in the city center.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
cb23pq, Market Square. 01223350914. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.
Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!


I need a place to eat that serves [north indian] food.
I'm not finding any north indian restaurants, may I expand the search to include all indian food?
No thank you. Can you please search for [Japanese] food instead?
We have one Japanese restaurant listed. It is called [Wagamama] and is in the city Centre. Would you like to book a table?
i wish to book a table for 5 people at [16:15] on teusday
The booking was successful. Your reference number is V5WEDA1V and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.
I have all of tuesday's options available, where will you be coming from?
I need a train from Cambridge by no later then [10:45] for five people please. May I have the confirmation number for that please?
I booked a train that leaves at 10:08. The reference number is S5D8VQIU .
Great, thank you so much for your help. Goodbye!
Glad I could help. Goodbye.


Are there any guest houses currently available iin the moderately priced range?
Yes, I have 15 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
yes I would like to be in the north with the same requirements, thank you
I have nine guesthouses fitting this description. Do you have a preference on free wifi or parking?
It really doesn't matter but I'll need to know if the particular hotel has free parking and internet please.
That's completely fine! Of the 9, 7 of them have 4 stars. 6 of those 7 have internet and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
I will hold off on the booking for now but thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant called [stazione restaurant and coffee bar]. Can you give me details?
There is an italian restaurant by that name that is quite expensive. It is within the town centre, and also has a coffee bar.
Can you book a table for four on Thursday at [16:00]?
You got it, your reference is RPXVZ9Z2 . Thank you.
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


What museums are in Cambridge? I am asking "for a friend".
There are 23 museums in Cambridge, so it would be a bit much to list them all. Can you give me a specific area to look in?
I'm not too particular on the location. Do you have any that you recommend?
Sure. I suggest the Cambridge Artworks. It's in the east section of the city, and is free. Would you like any more information?
That sounds good. Can you give me the postcode for the [Cambridge Artworks]?
The postcode for the cambridge artworks is cb13ef
Thank you. I also need info on a train. It should go to Birmingham new street and leave on Monday.
how about TR9195? it leaves at 0501
That sounds great, can you get me 6 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PEY94A3O . Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.
Ok. Thank you and good bye.


Can you recommend some attractions to go to on the west side of town?
Sure thing! We have 13 attractions that you may like. Do you have anything in particular in mind?
No. Just pick something and give me the address.
Okay. I recommend Churchill College at Storey's Way. Their postcode is cb30ds and their admission is free.
Okay, thanks. I also need a train leaving on Sunday going to Bishops Stortford.
TR6572 leaves for Bishops stortford at 05:29
Could you find me a train that leaves after [08:30] and departs from cambridge?
Yes, TR9904 leaves at 09:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 6 people please.
I was able to book that for you. The total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2UOR5O12 .
Thank you that was all I needed today
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!


Are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi, or do you have to go to other parts of town for that?
which has free wifi?
The hotel should include free wifi
There are twelve options fitting your description, sir. What price range are you interested in?
The hotel should have a star of 3 and doesn't need to have free parking.
How about [hamilton lodge]? It looks lovely.
Perfect. What's the price range and postcode?
It is moderately priced and the postcode is cb41da.
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you give me the contact info for the nearest police station?
Sure! The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge and can be reached at 01223358966.
Thank you very much. I will contact them now.
Sounds good. Have a good day.


Hello, I'd like some information about a hotel called the [hamilton lodge], please.
The Hamilton Lodge is a 3 star guesthouse located at 156 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not today I was just looking for information. Thank you though for your help.
Is that all you need for today?
I am also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after [17:00]. Can you help me with that?
Certainly, what day would you like to leave, and where would you like to go?
I need the train to leave Cambridge after 17:00 on Wednesday heading to Kings Lynn.
Great. I have 7 trains that meet your criteria. The first one leaves at 17:11 and is every hour thereafter. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the cost and trainID for the 17:11 train?
The cost is 9.80 pounds, and the train ID is TR8627. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I'll take care of it myself. I think that'll be all for tonight.
Thank you for using our service.


i want information about [sesame restaurant and bar].
Sesame restaurant and bar is located in the centre at 17 Hills Road.
Thanks. That's what I needed.
Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I'd like to find a theatre near centre, too.
The [ADC Theatre] is located in the center. The address is Park Street.
Can I also get their phone number and postcode?
Of course. The postcode is cb58as. The phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else today?
Need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, I want to leave the restaurant by [06:15]
Okay. I booked you a red skoda and the driver can be reached at 07744304667. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.
No problem, have a great day.


I need a taxi to go to [club salsa].
Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
I want to get there by [1:30].
Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from [Limehouse].
Where would you like the taxi to meet you for departure?
I just told you the limehouse.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white audi Contact number : 07075850505
Perfect, thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome!


I am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking.
Do you have a preference on area?
No, but I would like a 4-star guesthouse.
We have 9 options, including [home from home] guesthouse in the north. Shall I book it for you?
That sounds good. Yes, please book it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Of course, how many people will there be?
3 people only.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CM5SEPYO . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!


I need a restaurant in the town's centre
We have a wide variety of restaurants in the center of town. Did you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
Yes i am looking for one that serves [molecular gastronomy].
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants specializing in molecular gastronomy located in the centre.
How about any [Italian] restaurants in the same area?
yes! there are nine to choose from.
Show me the one you think is best. I will need the postcode, phone number and price range for it.
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is expensive, but worth it! The phone number is 01223352607 and the postcode is cb23nj.
I also need a place to stay in the Centre, free parking as well.
Okay do you ave a preference for price? I have both cheaper and more expensive options but nothing that is considered moderate.
I would like a cheap option please.
I would suggest [El Shaddai]. Would you like a reservation?
Possibly, do they have free wifi?
Yes it does. It is very nice.
Great, I would like a reservation for 1, 3 nights starting from Wednesday. If that fails, then Friday and the reference number.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : G8HH6HCW .
Thank you! Have a great day!
Okay I am glad I could be of help.
Thank for calling.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. The restaurant and lodging are all. Thank you, again. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a place that has multiple sports in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?
So sorry we have no multiple sports in the centre of town.
How about a college in the centre of town?
Yes, there are a few. I personally like [Downing College] on Regent Street. It is free.
That sounds good, I need the address, phone number and postcode.
The address is regent street postcode cb21dq and the phone is 01223334860.
Great, that's helpful, thanks. Can you also help us find a hotel? We'd like to stay on the west side, and we really dislike guesthouses. What can you recommend?
We have two hotels on the westside, the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott. Which would you like?
I would prefer the cheaper one. Can you tell me if they offer free parking?
Yes they do have free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you at the [Belfry]?
I'm not quite sure yet, could I get the address there please?
The address is back lane, cambourne. Can I get you anything else?
Yes, I need you to go ahead and book that for me. I would like to stay for two nights starting on Sunday.
Will it just be you staying or do I need to book other guests as well?
Actually, just send me the address. Thank you.
the cambridge belfry is on back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Their phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is everything I needed.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay


I need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
The address for Royal Spice is Victoria avenue Chesterton and the post code is C.B 4, 1 E.H. Royal Spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town.
Than you.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for some entertainment.
We've got plenty of attractions all around the city, is there a particular area you were looking at?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?
I recommend [nusha] in the south.
Awesome, could you please give me their phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's it for today. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I need a train leaving from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.
There are several trains leaving Kings Lynn on Tuesday. Where is your destination going to be?
I am going to Cambridge.
We have 19 trains that day starting at 05:11 and going every hour, any time preference?
Get me on one that leaves after [14:30]
I have train TR8932 that leaves at 15:11 and arrives by 15:58. Would that work for you?
book for 3 people. also find me a restaurant in the central that serves traditional food
The booking number is 1MNBDNEH . Did you need to know anything else on the train?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [traditional] food.
We don't have anything like that in the centre. How about a different area or food type.
I would like a [mexican] food restaurant nearby also.
There are no Mexican restaurants in that area.
I like [italian] also. Are there any in that area?
Yes, there are 9! Do you have a preference on pricerange?
No. I don't. Can I book a table for the same 3 people at 18:45?
No I am sorry no mexican restaurants in that area. Another perhaps?
How about Italian food?
What day would you like that reservation?
Tuesday, 3 people, [18:45]pm, italian, not mexican, please book and give me a name and confirmation number.
I have booked you at the [stazione restaurant and coffee bar] for tuesday. Your reference number is VBMXDETF .
Great! Thanks for all your help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thank you! Bye!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


please fid me a place to go in the centre
Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a nightclub in the centre. Can you provide me with entrance fee info and postcode?
Okay, I recommend Club Salsa. It's 5 pounds to get in. The post code is cb12jb.
Perfect, thank you. I'm also looking for information on hotels in the centre that have free wifi. Could you recommend one?
There are 5! What price range would you like? Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
Any will do. Whichever one you recommend.
the fez club is my favourite. it is in 8 market passage. can i give you their phone number?
As long as this is a hotel, it sounds great. Can you give me the address?
I'm sorry, I misunderstood. Fez is a nightclub. Did you want a hotel?
Yes. If you read the conversation above, you'll notice my second request was for a hotel. I'd like one in the same area of the nightclub.
I would suggest the [University Arms Hotel]. It is in the centre of town in the same area as [Club Salsa]. Would you like information or to book a room?
I just need their address please.
The address is regent street
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the club.
Can you tell me what time youd like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the club by [02:15].
I have you in a Grey Honday. You can contact them at 07413613083.
That is all I will be needing today. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town
I've got many here that match that description. Would you like a specific food type? Maybe British food?
How about [Chinese] food?
[jinling noodle bar] is a chinese restaurant in the centre, 11 Peas Hill City Centre
That sounds great! Can you see if there's a table for 3 available at [16:00] on Monday?
Your table for 3 has been reserved on Monday at 16:00 at Jinling Noodle Bar. Your reference number is 3UL0PL4Q . Can I help with anything else today?
Great. i also need to find a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and I am looking for a hotel.
Would you also like that in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the centre.
I have one listing for [cityroomz] in the centre of town.
Great, we need that booked as well starting monday for 5 nights.
Will there be three people for the hotel reservation as well?
Yes, I need a booking for 3 people.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is ZXKNH4XD . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi.
Your taxi is booked from cityroomz to jinling noodle bar for arrival at your 16:00 reservation. Your taxi is a red Honda. The contact number is 07715873440. Anything else?
No you have been great! Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Hi, i am looking for some museums that I could visit when in town, could you help me find some?
Is there an area of town you prefer?
No, I don't care.
I recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to enter!
I also need a place to stay
Great! There are 33 hotels in the area. What area of town would you like to stay in? What is your preference on price?
The attraction should be in the type of museum. I don't care about the price range or the area
Just to clarify - did you need a different museum? Or a hotel?
That museum from earlier is fine, I just need their postalcode. I need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.
The postal code for Cafe Jello Gallery is cb30af. Okay, [Hobson's House] matches your request.
Do they have internet?
Yes they do. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will do that later. Can you please arrange for taxi service from [Cafe Jello] to [Hobson's House] sometime after [04:00]?
I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a grey Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07615015749.
Well that you that is all i need for today
Your welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.
There's a train that leaves at 9 am and arrives at 9:51 am. Is that good?
No, I actually need to leave after [12:00].
Okay, and what is your destination?
I need to go to ely after 12:00.
I have a train that leaves Ely on Thursday at 13:50 and arrives by 14:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book tickets for 7 people please. And I'll need a reference number for it.
Booked! Your reference number is UCT2SJ8W . Fee is 30.8, paid at the station. Anything else.
No thank you. That is all.
Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.It should also have a [respiratory medicine] department.
The respiratory medicine department at Addenbrookes can be reached at 01223256645.
Thank you, may I have their phone number and address?
The hospital is at Hills Rd in Cambridge. Again, the phone number is 01223245151. I can book an appointment for you.
What is their postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need anything else?
I have everything I need. Thanks. Goodbye.
Ok, you are booked for 13:00 next Wednesday. Reference Number is: SPCYMPMU


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.
There is an Italian and a Vietnamese restaurant in that area. Would one of these work for you?
How about the [Italian one]? Book for 1 people at [13:00] on saturday. reference number please?
Booking was a complete success mam, your reference number is QAOD1MXA .
Thanks so much. I also need info on magdalene college
Yes sure [Magdalene College] is located on Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138 an it is free to enter.
May I have their postcode as well?
Their postcode is cb30ag, is that all I can help you with today?
Yes, i also need a taxi between the two places.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [5:30], if that would be possible.
your booking is complete your car will be a black bmw the contact number is 07594757678. It will have you at your destination by 5:30 is there anything else?
No thank you so much for all of your help
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I want something cheap in the west part of town.
What type of food would you like?
I don't care.
The is the La Margherita for Italian food and the Thanh Binh for Vietnamese food. Would you like the addresses?
I would like the phone number and address for [La Margherita] please.
La Margherita's address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 315232. Is there any additional info I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I am looking to visit some places of interest while I am in Cambridge. Perhaps some colleges?
There are 18 colleges that match. Do youhave any preferences in terms of locations?
Yes, I'd like more information on one in the centre area please.
There are many options. May I suggest [Christ's College]?
That sounds good. May I have the postcode, phone number and address.
Christ's college is at saint andrew's street, no fee, phone number 0122333490, postcode cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?


I was parking my car and another driver passed too close and scraped the paint, but she won't acknowledge it was her fault. Can you help?
Contacting the Parkside Police Station at phone number is 01223358966 is probably the best course for resolving your situation. Do you think that will help?
Probably. Can I get the address and postcode, too?
Certainly. The address is Parkside, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be it. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Please call us again. Goodbye.


I am looking for the [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology]. Do you have any information on this attraction?
Yes, this museum is in the town centre and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes please if you do not mind.
The address of the Museum is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel called [Leverton House]. Do you have any information on it?
Yes, I do. The Leverton House is located in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Phone is 01223292094. Does that help?
Yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 5 of us staying there.
Your booking was a success! Your reference number is 49JMGAFP . Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
If you should need anything else, please contact us again. Thank you for using our service.


Am looking hospital in town.
Find them at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
What is the name of the hospital please? I'll also need the phone number.
The name of the hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital and the phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks so much for your help. I am good to go now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that is it.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I want information on a particular hotel called [home from home]. Can you send me what you have on that?
Sure thing! Home from Home is a guesthouse in the North. With a moderate price range it is still a 4 star place to stay. Do you need more?
Please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
Sure! The Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1JL8B2K4 .
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me?
Yes I can. Please tell me your departure city, day and time and I'll see what I dig up.
We are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn. Arrival time should be around [09:00]. Please book 6 seats.
Okay I've booked you on the TR2764 which will arrive at 8:58. the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AQMKFOFZ .
okay thank you! What is the travel time on that?
This train actually leave on Friday. You wanted to leave on Wednesday, correct? I can rebook if needed.
No, Friday works for me.
Okay, great. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks that is all I need.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. Do you have any recommendations?
There are 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European?
I think [modern European] sounds good. Can you book me a table for 7 people at [19:45] on a Friday?
I'm so sorry, but they have no available reservations for that day and time. Would you like me to try another time or day?
Can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. I need a table for 7 Friday at 19:45.
That time is not available for the other restaurants as well. Would you like to book a different time or day?
Would you check the moderately priced [Italian] restaurant in the south please?
I apologize, there was in fact an open table at the modern European restaurant. I've booked you at [Restaurant Alimentum] for 7 on Friday at 19:45.
Could I please get the reference number for the booking?
Your reference number is HVTAFS9X . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for some interesting architecture in town.
I have some great architecture attractions for you, all in the center of town. Might I recommend [All Saints Church]?
that sounds interesting, im also looking for a restaurant
Remember, I've already booked you for [Restaurant Alimentum] for 7 on Friday at 19:45. Anything else?
Yes, a taxi please! I need to get from the church to the restaurant by [19:45]. Gotta make sure I get there for that reservation!
Your booking was successful! The car type is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07119825098.
Thank you so much!
Great I am glad we could help.


Would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, [Halal] restaurant?
Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in town that offer halal food. Is there another type of cuisine you would be interested in?
How about [British] food?
We do have five moderately priced British restaurants, such as the Oak Bistro in the city center. Does location matter?
i don't care about the location. which one would you recommend?
[Restaurant one seven] is a good place. Would you like me to book a table?
yes please book me a table thank you
What day and time would you like to book and for how many people?
I need a table for 1 on tuesday at [14:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H17X6OU3 . anything else?
Are there any good architecture places in the west?
I am sorry there are no architecture attractions in the west. Would you like to try a different area or type of attraction?
How about a museum?
I recommend the Lynn [Strover Gallery], it has free admission. Would you like more information?
I'd like the phone number and address, please.
Phone number is 01223295264. And the address is 23 high street, fen ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks
I hope I've been helpful. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I was robbed and I want some help
I have found the Parkside Police Station, the phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks, I also need he address and post code.
Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
I will call now, thanks. Goodbye.
Happy I was able to help. Goodbye


I'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. Can you help me with this?
Certainly. There are four churches and a school you could visit.
What is the entrance fee for the school?
For the school it is free.
Could I also get the phone number for the school?
the phone number for [old schools] is 01223332320
Can i get the post code too please?
Yes the postal code is cb21tt.
Ok, I'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. Maybe [carribean]?
We do not have any Caribbean options here, can I lookup another cuisine type or narrow it down by anything else?
Hmmm how about [Italian] then
There are 15 Italian restaurants in the city, could you give me a preferred location, so I can narrow the options down?
I just want a cheap italian place. Choose one you recommend for me. Then I need help reserving it.
I recommend dining at [ask]. How many people for your reservation, and what day and time?
6 on Thursday at [16:45] please
You are booked and your booking reference number is I3JNKDOD .
I will also need a taxi.
Okay, when and where are you going?
[Old schools] to the restaurant.
What time would you like the taxi?
I would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my [16:45] reservation.
Your all set, a yellow lexus will be picking you up in time for your reservation the contact number is 07323746090, is there anything else?
Thank you for your help today, I do not need anything else.
You are welcome enjoy


I don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the [la tasca] restaurant?
Happy to help - la tasca is a Spanish restaurant with a moderate price point located in the centre.
Great! will you please book that for 2 people at [17:30] on Sunday?
Alright, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: AO0MS4Q3 .
thank you for helping
You're most welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. Preferably in the guesthouse category
[Acorn guest house] is available, would you like to stay there?
Does that include wifi? I don't want it to be too expensive.
It does include wifi. It is moderately priced.
I would like to book the Acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VDQW6MG8 . What else can I do to assist you today?
I also need a taxi from my room to the restaurants by the time of my reservation.
Booking is complete. I have you booked with a black Audi. Contact number 07873880008. It will pick you up at [17:15]. Is there anything?
No that was everything, thank you!
OK, it was a pleasure helping you. Have a great time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Can I get some information on a train?
Sure! Please provide your itinerary.
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester on Monday. I want to leave after [16:30].
I have a train leaving at 17:21 with arrival at 19:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I would like the price, train ID and travel time please.
The train ID is TR2696 it leaves at 17:21 and arrives 19:06 the travel time is 1:05 with a price of 37.80 pounds.
Perfect. Thanks for that info. Now please find me a restaurant that serves [crossover] food in the centre
There aren't any in that area, should we try another?
How about one that serves [Chinese] food?
Why yes I do. Ugly ducking has great chinese food and the rice house is pretty good as well
ok, what's the phone number for [ugly duckling]?
That's odd. Ugly Duckling doesn't have a phone listed. I can give you their address, or I can book a table for you?
i would like the address please.
The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
What is the postcode for that address, please?
Their postcode is cb21tw, is there anything else you need?
Thank you for all your research--you saved me time. Great service. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.
I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?
One id [alexander bed and breakfast] and the other is [el shaddai].
What star ratings are they?
Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Korean] food. I would like the address and area, please.
The Little Seoul fits fits your price request. It is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank You.
thank you good bye
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I need a Sunday train. Leaving after [8]
I can help with that. Where are you departing from, and where is your destination?
I'm leaving from cambridge to birmingham new street
The first train available from cambridge to birmingham new street departs at 8:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 7 people. Reference number please.
Great! I have you booked for 7 people on TR2968, leaving at 08:01 and arriving at 10:44. Your reference number is IFI48FZ7 . Your fee is 420.56 payable at the station.
Can you also look up the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] for me?
Of course. The alexander bed and breakfast is located at 56 saint barnabas road with a phone number of 01223525725. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks. I may be back in touch though!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a wonderful trip!


I'm looking for a park.
sure there are five parks in town
Could I get the address and phone number for one please?
Sure, the Milton Country Park is located at milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Post code is cb46az.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 0 stars.
I have 3 choices for you. Two are guesthouses and I have 1 hotel. The guesthouses are cheap and the hotel is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I prefer something in the cheap price range.
The city centre north b and b is a 0 star, cheap guesthouse in centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Let me think about it.
thank you for contacting us and have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [little seoul]?
yes great spot. Would you like for me to book ?
Can you book it for me for 7 people at [11:15] on Saturday and get a reference number ?
Your booking has been successfully made. The reference number is K87KE3LM . Enjoy your meal!
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on a hotel called [Huntington Marriott Hotel] please.
it is a 4 star hotel located in the west. do you need me to book for you?
Yes i need it booked for our group for 3 nights.
What day will you be coming in and how many in your party?
We'll be coming in on Saturday and will be staying for three nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8N94VO8J
That is all I need. Goodbye.
Have a great trip!


I'm coming to visit Cambridge! I can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! Do you have any [Mediterranean] restaurants around there?
Oh yes we have at least three restaurants located in the city center that serve Mediterranean food. They vary in price range. Do you have a preference?
Yes, expensive. The food should serve [eritrean] food. British if that's not available.
There is La Mimosa and Shiraz restaurant that are both in the Centre and both expensive. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes, book the [Shiraz] for one at [11:00] on Monday, please.
Sorry they seem to be full. Could we try another time/
Um. How about [10:00]?
Your booking was successful for 10:00 on monday. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I will need the reference number. Also, I'm looking for places to go in the south.
The reference number for your booking is AYK7PMNB . Is there any place in particular you wish to go?
I don't know the city very well. Do you have any recommendations for attractions in the south?
There are eight attractions in that area, is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
A museum if you have it, otherwise I'll take what you have at the top of your list.
I can recommend [Byard Art] museum. Admission is free.
That sounds perfect! Can I have the address and phone number?
Sure. The phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need!
Thank you, please let me know if you have any more question.


i am looking for a train. The train should go to ely and should depart from Cambridge.
Of course, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave [after 09:00] on Sunday.
There are many departure times available. Did you have a specific time in mind?
I just need to leave after 9:00. Can you book for 7 people?
You are all booked for 7 people on TR1159 leaving at 9:50 and arriving by 10:07. Reference #433N59V4 . Fee is 24.64 payable at the station. Anything else?
That's all for today. Thanks for your help!
Your welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.


I need a hotel with free wifi.
Do you have any other criteria?
It needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.
We have several good guesthouses that meet your criteria. Or do you prefer a hotel?
Either is fine. Which one is your favorite?
I suggest the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
Great that sounds like a plan.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Is that a guesthouse?
yes that is a guesthouse
Okay, great. I'm also looking for attractions in the west.
There are 13 attractions in the west. Any particular type that you would like?
What attraction do you suggest?
How about [Clare Hall], a college?
That sounds good. Is there an entrance fee?
The entry fee is 2.50 pounds.
What's their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223332360. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. I want to leave the attraction by [05:30]. What is the car type and contact number please.
I have booked a blue Tesla, the number is 07770229036
that will be it for today and thanks for your help
i am glad i have been of help to you
You bet. This is the end.
Thanks for using our service today.


I am looking for an [Indian] Restaurant with high ratings in the moderate price range please?
There are 4 restaurants that meet your request. I would recommend the "curry price" located in the east. Would you like me to book that you?
Could you tell me more information about [Curry] Price?
Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their postcode is cb58jj, and their phone number is 01223566388. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 5 at [12:30] on Friday, please.
I'm sorry booking that was unsuccessful, can you choose another time or day possibly?
Is it available at [11:30]?
You're in luck - they do have a table for 5 at 11:30 on Friday. Your Reference number is : WBHZZWO7 . Can I help with something else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.
Where are you departing from?
I want to depart from Cambridge after [10:45].
I found one TR1817 leaving at 11:11 would that work for you?
Maybe. How much does that cost?
7.84 pounds. What's your price point?
That one will work just fine, thank you.
Ok, before booking I will need to know how many tickets you would like to purchase?
No need, that's all I wanted. Thank you for the help!
Thank you. Have a great day.


Oh I'm not feeling so well. Where is the nearest hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is your nearest hospital. Their emergency department's number is 01223217118. Do you need anything else?
Okay thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
What is the hospital's phone number?
Which department do you need the phone number for? The main phone is 01223245151, but I can also give you a phone number by department.
Can you provide me with the address please?
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Can I do anything else for you today?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Glad to help.


i want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you goodbye.
You are welcome, have a nice day.


Hi, yes, I am looking for a train leaving on Tuesday that will arrive by [12:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Where will you be headed on Tuesday?
I need to head to norwich
I would recommend train ID TR8542 which departs Cambridge at 10:36 and arrives in Norwich at 11:55. There are a few earlier options as well.
Thank you, that sounds good! Could you let me know how much it costs?
Sure! The cost is 17.60
Excellent. I also need a place to go in town.
There are lots of attractions in Cambridge, do you have any specific activities in mind?
I would like something in the Centre if possible. Perhaps a gallery?
How about [broughton house gallery]?
Could you let me know the address and how much it costs?
Their address is 98 king street and they have free admission. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful already. I am all set. Thanks. Bye.
Thanks for using our service have a good day. Bye.


Hey, I need a moderately priced place to stay.
what area of town could you love to stay?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi.
Seventeen locations meet your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel is fine whichever you recommend.
I see [Ashley Hotel] in the North that is a 2 star hotel has free wifi would you like me to book that hotel for you?
Yes, please for 3 people on Monday.
lovely, how many nights will you be staying?
I need to stay for 2 nights with 3 people from Monday.
I was able to book your room for 3 people for 2 nights starting Monday. The Reference number is : 5GESSI5X .
Thank you, I'm also looking for some places to go in town. Something along the lines of college, I also need the address and postcode.
Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu
Thank you for your help!
Glad to assist, enjoy the rest of your day.


Can you help me find a moderately priced [Indian] food restaurant?
the curry prince is nice. Do you want reservations ?
If it is in the west part of town, yes. If not can you suggest something else?
The Curry Prince isn't in the west part of town, but there's a moderately priced Indian restaurant called [Meghna], would you like to make reservations there?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday.
I can definitely do that, how many people will be dining and at what time would you like?
3 people at [12:15] on thursday
You're all set. Your reference number is TZPHV671 .
I am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the north, I think.
there are 5 guesthouses in the north ranging from 3 to 4 stars. do you need internet or parking?
I don't need parking, but I would like to make sure it is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
There are 2 hotels in the north, Ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both are moderately priced, do you have a preference between them?
It doesn't matter.
Okay if you would like me to book the [Ashley] I would be happy to do so.
Yes 3 people, two nights on thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VDE49MAL .
I also need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
where is your departure site?
I am departing from The [Ashley].
Okay I booked a taxi for you. The car type is going to be a blue honda, and the contact number is 07061162285.
that will be it for today. thanks
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need a tax to [cambridge train station].
Where would you like to be picked up?
I'm at [kymmoy]
When would you like your taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at [21:30].
Ok. I have booked for you a red skoda and the contact number is 07618237831. Anything else I can help you with?
That covers everything. Thanks so much. Goodbye.
Goodbye and thank you for your patronage.


Hi, I am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi.
How many stars would you like?
Four stars please.
I have 21 that have 4 stars, 18 are guest houses and 3 are hotels. Do you have a preference to area or type of place?
I would like something in the north and has free wifi and free parking if possible.
I have the Acorn Guesthouse, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, and Archway House in that area all with free wifi and parking. Can I book one of these for you?
Can you book the [Acorn Guesthouse] for Thursday?
I'll be happy to. How many people in your party? And how many nights will you be staying?
Great, I need it for 5 people for 3 nights, and let me know the reference number.
You've been booked and your reference number is V69YHH10 .
Excellent! Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually that is all. Have a lovely day.
Here is the address and telephone number of the hotel, so can arrive without any problem.
Thanks. Bye now.
Thank you. Have a great day.


Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?
Sure thing but first can you tell me what kind of food you like?
I would like [Italian] food.
[Pizza Express] in the centre, would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the post code for now.
cb21db. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like some places to visit while I'm in town. Perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.
May I suggest the [Castle Galleries], it's a museum also in the centre area. Admission is free.
Can I get their phone number please?
There number is 01223307402
I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. I plan on leaving the restaurant by [14:00].
How many people in the taxi?
It is just me by myself
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Skoda and their contact number is 07842186730.
Thanks so much! That is all I need. Have a good day!
Thank you have a great day!


I would like to look into more tourist information.
OK, I can definitely help you out, but I will need some more information from you first!
No problem, what would you like to know?
Are you looking for an attraction? If so, what type, and where?
Yes. I am looking for a theatre.
How about the [adc theatre] located in the centre area at park street? Would you like more information on this theatre?
Yes, can I have the phone number? I am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 3.
The phone number is 01223300085. I have a perfect match for you, Hobsons House, located at 96 barton road. Do you need more information or do you want to book now?
Do you have [Hobsons House] phone number?
Sure... the phone number is 01223304906. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by [03:45].
You taxi is booked, its a white bmw and contact number is 07062462058
thank you that will be all goodbye
Your welcome, have a nice day!


Hello, I'd like to book a train on Friday that arrives by [17:30].
What's your to and from location?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross station and traveling to Cambridge.
There are 6 that arrive by 17:30, the closest being TR8842, which arrives at 16:08. Is that to your liking?
yes, please! what's the reference number?
Can you please tell me how many tickets you will need for this trip?
I will need 2 tickets
OK, I've booked you for 2 tickets with reference number ERCAZMGA . The fee will be 47.20 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm wondering if there are any expensive [modern european] restaurants in town.
Yes, [darrys cookhouse and wine shop].
I would like to book a table for 2 people at [20:00] on friday please.
I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is ZCMA7GFP .
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay, great. Have a good day!


Hello, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge, and leaving on Friday. Do you see anything for that time?
There are tons of them! Can you tell me a bit more about your trip so we can narrow it down a little? Where would you like to go?
Yes I want to leave [after 13:30] and arrive at London Liverpool Street.
There are 6 options available. Would leaving at 13:59 and arriving at 15:27 work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect. Can you just give me the train ID for that?
That is train TR4187. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes are there any multiple sports places to go in the centre?
There are no sports in the center. Shall I change type or location for you?
Hmm, that kind of stinks. Well, how about a theatre instead?
I have 4 theaters in the centre area. The [mumford] is one of my favorites. Can I give you more information on one?
What's the entrance fee?
I am unaware of what their entrance fee is at this time. Sometimes that happens because prices fluctuate and I apologize. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Am looking for the Parkside Police Station
The telephone for parkside police is 01223358966. Do you need any other information?
Yes, can I please have the address?
Address : Parkside, Cambridge. there you go
Thank you very much! good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
There are 23 guesthouses with free wifi. What price range or area do you prefer?
I would prefer a price range of expensive
It seems that there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I offer you a different price range or a different type of hotel?
How about moderate price range with a star of 4?
There are several. Do you have a preference for area?
Area doesn't matter but I need to know if they have free parking
I have discovered 9 choices fitting your description. May I recommend the [Archway House]? It's on Gilbert Road.
Sounds great, Thank you.
You're welcome. Would you like me to make a reservation in your name?
Yes please make a reservation in my name. Thank you.
I will need to know the day you will be arriving, the amount of days and for how many people before making the reservation.
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation right now. Can you just tell me if they offer free parking?
Yes, Archway House offers free parking. May I help with something else?
Great, thanks. That is all I needed.
Should I book that for you?
No, I can book myself later. Thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you require any further assistance?


I am planning a trip in cambridge
Okay. I can help you find a restaurant or hotel, look for tourist information, book a train or taxi. How may I help you ?
I need a train going to Broxbourne that leaves after [8:00] on Monday
TR5517 will leave at 08:01 and arrive by 09:01. Would you like to book seats?
That's leaving from Cambridge, right? If so, then yes, book me one seat, and give me the reference number, thanks!
That is correct! One ticket has been booked and your reference number is WB6YZLP0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for information on a hotel called [cityroomz].
I have it be sure to give me your preferences and we can start booking
I just needed to find out if they offer free parking there.
Unfortunately, Cityroomz does not offer free parking--just free internet. Is there something more I can help with?
No thank you.
Thank you so much for calling.


I need a taxi by [20:45] to go to [Cote].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm leaving from [tandoori palace].
Ok I have a white tesla and the contact number is 07657055747.
That was fast thank you so much!
Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks. Have a good evening.
You, too, and thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Where is the [police station]?
The police station is located in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Do you have a driver who can take me there?
Yes, of course. What is your departure site?
I can't think straight. Give me the police phone number, so they can come to me.
No problem at all. Please call 01223358966 to reach the police at that station. I'm certain they will be able to help you.
I hope so. Thanks for getting the number for me.
You are welcome. Do you require any further assistance?
No that was everything. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.


I have been hurt and I need a hospital! Where is there one close by?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I need the phone number, postcode.
The general phone number is 01223245151, postcode CB20QQ.
Okay. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed today.
Have a wonderful rest of your day.


I need to find a hotel in the south please
I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing a system error. Can you please restate your request?
Uh, I want to find a place to go in town. I really want to look at some of the colleges.
Certainly. The town has many colleges to look at. Is there any particular area of the town you'd like to narrow it down to?
Not really. Any college would be great.
How about [Christ's College]? It's located in the centre of town at Saint Andrew's Street.
That sounds great! What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb23bu. Anything else I can find for you?
Could you look up [Don Pasquale Pizzeria] for me? I'd like to know the postcode.
Certainly. The postcode is cb23nj.
Can I book a taxi from [Christ's College] to [Don Pasquale Pizzeria]?
Sure. When will you need the taxi?
Actually I need to go from the restaurant to the college. I'd like to leave by [7:15].
A blue Volvo will pick you up at the pizzeria. The contact number is 07889066606. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!


Can you tell me a bit about the entertainment type places in the center of town?
I have 44 places. What type are you looking for?
I want it to be a type of college.
There are 13 colleges in city centre. My personal favorite is [Corpus Christi], even though they charge a 2 pound entrance fee.
Great, can I get the phone number and postcode?
Sure, the phone number is 01223338000 and post code is cb21rh. What else can I assist you with today?
I'm looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town. Are there any?
unfortunately no. want to try another area?
No thanks! I forgot that I'm going to the college instead. I do need a train that goes to Cambridge on Wednesday. I will depart from Kings Lynn [after 11:00.]
I have a 12:11 that arrives n Cambridge at 12:58. Would you like me to boo that for you?
Yes, please I will need 5 tickets.
Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is LNZ0GIXG .
Wonderful. Thanks very much for your help today.
Is there anything else you need help with today?
That's everything I needed. Thanks and goodbye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the North side of the city please.
There are several that fit the bill. I could recommend [Limehouse]. Would you like me to help you book there, or are there other factors you'd like to consider?
As long as there is available parking I'd like to book my reservation there please.
I can book you at the Limehouse. when would you like the reservation?
Can I get it starting Monday for 3 nights with 6 people please
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like something else?


Yes, I am looking to book a train to Cambridge this Thursday.
There are a number of trains to Cambridge. What is your departure location please?
I will be departing from Leicester. I need to reach Cambridge by [21:45].
Train TR8530 leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:54. Does that sound good?
Yes, I will also need the price please.
Sure. The price is 37.80 pounds and the ID is TR8530.
Great thanks and I'm also looking for places to go in town which should be in the centre. Can you please help?
The all saints Church is free
That sounds interesting; can you suggest something else?
How about [cambridge contemporary art], they are also free.
Sure, could you provide me the address for that?
The address is 6 saint edward's passage. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I have everything I need.
Great. Have a great day.


I want to try food in Cambridge and need to get a train to stevenage that leaves after [14:45].
Hello, trains depart every 2 hours on the :21's, what day are you hoping to travel?
I want to leave on sunday from Cambridge.
There are 5 such trains. Do you have a preferred arrival time?
I would like to arrive in time for lunch, preferably around 11:00
I don't have any for that time frame, every train is running after 12:00. I can book you for one that leaves at 15:21. Is that alright?
Ok, the 15:21 going to Stevange on sunday would be great. I'll need the price and train ID as well please.
The prices is 10.24 pounds and the trainID is TR4550. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not quite yet, could you tell me what the travel time is for that trip? I also am looking for a restaurant to dine at.
There are 110 restaurants to choose from. What area are you looking to dine in, and what kind of food are you hungry for?
Find expensive welsh food, or if not welsh, [indian], for 6 people at 10:30 Sunday. I need a reference number, please.
Sorry, there aren't any expensive welsh restaurants, but there's an indian place named [curry garden].
Sounds good to me. Book it for six people at [10:30] on Sunday. Out of curiousity... how long is that train trip going to take?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes Reference number is : MUEIRYK2 . And the train will arrive at 16:10.
Great - I do still need to know the travel time for that train, though. The 15:21 train to stevenage?
The 15:21 train to Stevenage will take approximately 49 minutes to reach its destination. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, can you also let me know the price for that train?
The price is 10.24 pounds.
Can you book me 6 seats on that train?
Your total for 6 tickets is 61.44 GBP, payable at the station, for reference number T0KZHAA5 .
You're still not done! Give me the train ID for the train.
Thank you for reminding me, your train ID Number will be: TR4550.


I need to book a taxi from [bridge guest house] to [sidney sussex college].
Sure. What time did you want to leave and arrive by?
I don't care about the departure time but the taxi should arrive by [07:15].
I have booked you a car to leave from the bridge Guest House and arrive in Cambridge at Sidney Sussex College by 7:15. Your confirmation number is 07918620184. Is there anything else you need?
What type of car is it? Can I have the contact phone number?
You'll be looking for a red Audi and the contact number is 07918620184. .
thank you
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else?
No, thank you!
Sounds good! Enjoy your trip.
Thank you so much. You were very helpful!
You are welcome, goodbye!


I'm looking for a train to leicester on tuesday.
There are 19 trains going to Leicester Tuesday, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I'm leaving Cambridge and i need to be there by [16:15].
Ok, the TR1997 arrives at 16:06. Would you like to book that train?
I would, but I still need the departure time.
I have several departure times, when would work best for you?
When does TR1997 depart?
It departs at 14:21 from Cambridge
Yes, that's good. I am also looking for the [cambridge university botanic gardens]. Can you provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area please.
It's in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Okay well I hope you enjoy your stay.


I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by [17:45].
Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.
I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8K88DU7K .
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.
I have 4 options available. Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.
The [Lensfield Hotel] meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I'll need it for Sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.
You are booked for 2 night for 4 people starting Sunday at the Lensfield Hotel. Your reference # is ICM07YWC . Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything for me, thank you! Bye!
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day, goodbye!


I would like to try something new, I am looking for an [Irish] restaurant, preferably in the moderate price range.
I am sorry their are no irish restaurants in my data base, may I help you with something else
Yes, I'd be willing to try [international] cuisine if you could find an establishment that serves it.
I have 2 in the centre of town,the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant
Could you give me the phone number and postcode for the [Bloomsbury]?
The phone number is 08719429180 and the postcode is cb23dt. Do you need anything else?
Yes. I need to find a train going to Stansted Airport by [19:30].
Okay, what day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Monday
There are 14 trains on Monday from cambridge to stansted airport. For clarification, do you want to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I need to arrive by 19:30.
The TR4964 arrives by 06:08 on monday, and is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you so much, that is all I need.
You're very welcome, have a wonderful day!


I am looking for the nearest hospital to me.
Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151. Is there a specific department you would like to contact?
No I just needed the phone number and post code. Thank You
If there is nothing further I can help with, I wish you a great day.


I was robbed and I need help!
Oh no! You will want to contact the Parkside Police at 01223358966.
an get the postcode please?
The postcode to the police is CB11JG.
Perfect, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you and have a good day.
Thank you for using our services.


i am looking for a train. The train should leave on Saturday and should depart from Cambridge.
I can help with that! Where will you be traveling to?
Make that Tuesday. And I need to go to Stansted Airport.
Okay, I changed the day of travel to tuesday for you. Do you know what time you might want to leave after or arrive by?
I want to arrive by [19:30] please
Train TR9495 arrives at 19:08. Would you like to purchase tickets?
No thanks, that's actually all the info I needed from you today. Thank you!
Okay, great. Call us back if you need anything else. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.
There are no hotels in that area with free wifi, can I look up a different area or guesthouse?
Yes, I'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.
I'm sorry that area doesn't have anything matching those criteria. May I try another area?
Is there a guesthouse?
Yes, the Avalon is exactly what you're looking for. It offers internet (but no parking). Would you like me to book a room for you?
And the [Avalon] is in what part of town?
Avalon is in the north. Can I book you a room?
No thanks can I just have the address and postcode? I also need help finding a restaurant.
The address is 62 gilbert road and the post code is cb43pd.
Okay, thank you.
Can I help you with any thing else?
Yes I need a [romanian] place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive.
There are no romanian places at any price range there, but we have 5 expensive restaurants, shalI run another search?
What about [Indian] food?
I'm sorry. I don't have any expensive Indian restaurants either. Would you be willing to try another price range or area?
No thank you that will be all
Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.


Hello! I'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves [Scottish] food. Can you recommend one?
Certainly. Is there a certain area of town that you'd like to stay in?
No, any part of town is good.
I'm sorry, there aren't any Scottish food restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about a restaurant that serves [British] food?
The [Cotto] serves British food it is in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
May I get the restaurant phone number please?
cotto's phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye.


I need to know if there are any trains that go to Kings lynn?
Thre are many. When would you like to travel?
On Friday. I want to leave in the evening after [19:45].
Tr3765 leaves Cambridge at 20:11. Would you like some tickets?
Yes for two please.
Ok, I have your tickets for train TR3765 booked for you. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is QK1CCHV5 .
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town
There are lots to choose from! Is there a certain type of food you would like?
[Asian Oriental] food.
[Dojo Noodle Bar] ius a nice place, would you want me to book it for you?
Sounds delicious. Yes, for [13:45] on the same Friday for the two of us, please.
We have the 2 of you booked at Dojo Noodle Bar on that Friday at 1345. The reference number for your booking is R579XP9J .
Excellent, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Alright, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


I need a train to Cambridge.
Sure, where will you be boarding and what day would you like to leave?
I will board at King's Lynn, before [13:30] on Tuesday.
I have 8 routes which will arrive in Cambridge by 13:30. They leave hourly on the :11 from 05:11 to 12:11, lasting 47 minutes. Would you like to book?
I would like the train that arrives closest to 13:30 please. I will also need the departure time.
TR8699 departs Tuesday at 12:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:58. Would you like to book it?
No, I am not sure I am traveling just yet. Thanks for the information, I am all set for now. Have a nice day.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi, I need to locate a particular restaurant please.
I can help with that. What's the name?
It is the [Pizza Hut City Centre]. I'd like to eat there on Monday if you could reserve a table for me.
sure, how many people will be in your party?
We'll need a table for 4, please. I'd love it if we can get the [15:15] time slot.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N0LQRA43 .
I also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by [10:00].
I'll be glad to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and arrive at?
I need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge.
the TR9276 arrives by 8:08, will that be alright?
Yes, I will need 4 tickets.
OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR9276. The total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Z3HYLOYM .
Thats great thanks so much for all the help.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a place to stay in the centre area.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
It doesn't matter, but it should have free wifi.
I have over 33 options with wifi in the center of town. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
Do any of them have a zero star rating?
i booked your hotel here is your conformation codeYI2WGUQA .
Thank you and the address please ?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.


I need to book a train to leicester that leaves after [08:15].
I have a lot of options that leave after that time. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [10:00].
The earliest I can get you there is [11:06]. That train leaves at 09:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, please book and send me a reference number.
I am sorry that train is booked. Is there another time you can depart?
So when is the next earliest you could get me there?
Shall we try the Train that leaves at [7:21]? This train will get you into Leicester by [9:06].
Yes please and I will need the reference number.
That booking was successful. You will depart from cambridge on TR3093 at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is UCSPFCVI . anything else?
Yes can you find me a good college to visit in the west?
I am looking at 5 different options for colleges in the west, is there anything else you can tell me about what you are looking for?
If you can recommend 1 of the 5 and provide me with the address and phone number please.
I recommend queens' college, located at silver street. Their phone is 01223335511.
How much does it cost to get into [Queens' College]?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you also get me the address and phone number?
Queens' college is on silver street. Phone is: 01223335511
Great, thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Let me just check my notes...No! I think I have everything I need. Thank you so much for your help!
Thank you for calling!


I am seeking an expensive restaurant in Cambridge.
There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a food type preference?
How about one in the east area?
That narrowed the search down to 5. Do you have a food type preference?
Tell me your favorite. I'd like their phone number and address, please?
Sure. The sitar tandoori's phone number is 01223249955 and their address is 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Great, also, are there any museums in that same area?
We have four museums in that area. Most are free to visit, though the Cambridge Museum of Technology does have an entrance fee.
What is the postcode for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?
The postcode is cb58ld. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's all I needed today, thank you.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


Please see if you can find me an [Indian] restaurant on the East end
There are 4 Indian restaurants in the east side. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Cheap price and address and phone number
There are none in that price range. Would you like to try a different price range?
Sure, I think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the east. I'll need their address and phone number.
Curry prince is a restaurant serving indian food. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223566388.
I need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but no parking is needed
I have 3 places to choose from. 2 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
Yes, I'd prefer a guesthouse that's cheap if any are available.
I am sorry we don't have any cheap ones in the area
How about a hotel that is really cheap? I need a room for 7 for 3 nights on friday
Okay. We have you booked at [the Cambridge Belfry]. Your reference number is QM0PRNJW .
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye
You're welcome. You do the same.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Are you looking for something in particular?
Yes. It's called the [Golden Wok].
Ok. Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road. Would you like me to book a table for you?
book a table for 8 people at [15:45] on tuesday.
Okay, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is X31YFN1Y
Thank you. I also need to find a train.
I'll be happy to assist you with that. Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing from cambridge to norwich on Wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by [16:45]
TR0031 leaves cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Total travel time is 79 minutes. The cost is 17.60 pounds. Will that meet your needs?
yes, thats all tge info i need thanks
Would you like to book tickets? Or is there anything else I can help you with today?
yep your awesome thanks
Okay, glad you enjoyed! Have a good day.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town.
The [Cambridge lodge restaurant] is in the cheap price range and in the west part of town.
What its phone number?
I cannot find that information.
Can you give me the phone number of a different, cheap restaurant in the west part of town?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you! Goodbye.
Have a good evening.


Can you find a hotel by the name of [Leverton House]?
Yes, I have found the Leverton House located in the east.
Great, can you book a room for people please? We would like 3 nights arriving on Sunday.
How many people would you like to book?
Sorry about that. I would like it for 5 people.
Sorry, I couldn't find a room available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Please, search another hotel in the same pricerange that the Leverton house.
I have several, in what area would you like it to be?
i don't care.
I was able to book you at the [allenbell]. Reference number BON67CDZ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.


What's a good museum to go to in cambridge?
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
I will go to any part.
I recommend visiting the [Byard Art] museum in the south. It's free to get in. Their address is 14 King's Parade.
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223464646, postcode cb21sj and located at 14 king's parade. Admission is free! Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please, I am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. Preferably in the east with free wifi.
There are 6 guesthouses that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a cheap or moderate price range?
That doesn't matter. You can just recommend one and then help me with a booking please
May I have how many guest ?
4 people. Starting saturday, 3 nights.
Will you need free parking?
That's not necessary at all. Thanks.
Great. Thanks for letting us help you!


I'm looking for something interesting to do.
Is there an attraction type you prefer?
Any attraction is fine as long as it's in the centre of town.
There is the Parkside Pools located at Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.
There is asian, british, chinese, European, International, Italian, lebanese, modern European, Spanish, and Turkish. Do you have a preference?
I would like something in the moderate price range. I will be requiring their address.
I see 21 restaurants in the centre which are moderately priced. Do you have any particular cuisine in mind so we can narrow it down for you a bit?
no particular cuisine I will need a taxi to commute need to leave by [24:15] and need number and car type please.
How about Yippee Noodle Bar?
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] sounds great. Do you have their address?
The address is 4048 King Street, City centre post code cbh11lh. Would you like me to do anything else?
I also want to book a taxi from [Parkside Pools] to the bar. I want to leave around 24:15.
youre being picked up in a grey honda the contact number is 07063498062
Great thank you, that's all I will need.
You are welcome, I am happy to help. Have a great day. Bye.


I'm looking for a restaurant called [ask]. Do you know of it?
It is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Centre of town at 12 Bridge Street. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, we would like a reservation there for Thursday.
And at what time would you like to arrive?
[16:15] for 4 people, I am also needing a hotel with a 2 star rating and in the expensive price range.
OK, I was able to make that reservation for you. Also, the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] should fit your lodging needs.
I think you forgot to give me the reference number for my dinner reservation? Does the hotel have free wifi and free parking?
sorry about that, yes it has free parking and internet
I would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from Saturday please. I will need my reference number.
Your reference number is 9WCO5NO5, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant, leaving at [16:00].
I have a black Volkswagen picking you up. Your contact number is: 07517630654.
Great thanks! I need to get to work, so thanks again. Goodbye.
your welcome, have a nice day!


Could you please connect me to the closest police station?
Here is the contact info for your police station Telephone:01223358966 Address :Parkside, Cambridge Postcode :CB11JG
Thanks so much for your help. That's just what I needed.
Glad to be of help. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, thank you. Have a nice day.
welcome. at your service next time
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.


I was robbed and i don't know what i should do, any ideas?
Here is the information for Parkside Police Station Telephone:01223358966 Address :Parkside, Cambridge Postcode :CB11JG
Thank you very much. I will contact them now.
You take care now, if you need anything else don't hesitate to call.


We want to explore a park in Cambridge.
We have 5 parks. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I would like it to be in the south part of town. Please provide their phone number, postcode, and entrance fee. Thanks.
You can visit Wandlebury country park. The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the post code is cb223ae.
What is the phone number and how much does it cost to get in ?
There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to london kings cross.
How about train TR5767 that leaves at 05:00 on Friday?
No, that doesn't work for me. I need a train that leaves after [11:00] on Wednesday
Train TR9781 leaves at 11:00 on Wednesday would you like me to book that train for you?
Yep I only need one ticket and the reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Q7Q9W4IN . is there anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed.
Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
That was all thanks for your help today.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.
I like [acorn guest house]. Need me to book a room?
Does that include free wifi?
They do indeed provide complimentary Internet access. Would you like to make a reservation?
Just one more question: Is it in the moderate prince range? If so, please give me their address. If not, I need something moderately priced.
Yes, it is. It's located on 154 chesterton road, cb41da. Would you like a room?
No thanks. Not at this time. I would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to Ely though.
Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and on what day and time?
I would like to leave after [15:15] on Thursday.
We have a train departing Cambridge at 15:50, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes that works great. Can you book 2 tickets for that train and give me the reference number?
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0BMD920 .
Great. That's all I needed. Thank you.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the centre of town.
Sure, we have many. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I am not. I do want a table for 5 at [17:30] on Thursday though.
I made you a reservation for [Kymmoy]. Your reference number is 1PO9X49Z .
Great, can you also help me find a place to visit, like a park?
on what area are you looking for the attraction?
Are there any parks I could visit?
There are five parks to choose from. Would you prefer to visit the centre, south, north, or east?
The location isn't important, maybe just something near the restaurant. I just need the park's address and I would like to know of any entrance fees.
Wadlebury County Park is in the south side of town. It is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you very much, that's all I needed!
You are very welcome! Have a nice day!


Can you please help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. Thankyou.
I like the acorn guest house. Do you need me to book a room for you?
Does the [Acorn Guest House] have free wifi and is it located in the south?
No, it's in the north, would you like something in the south?
Yes, I would like something in the south. There will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting Saturday.
I have 2 guesthouses in the south moderate price range. both have parking and internet. I'd suggest aylesbray lodge guest house with 4 star rating. Shall I book it for you?


I'd like to find a swimmingpool on the east side, if possible.
I have one listing for [abbey pool and astroturf pitch].
What is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry; I don't have that information. If you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223902088.
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Wednesday.
Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I am leaving ely after [20:15].
There is a train that leaves at 13:17.
Can you provide more information for that train?
Yes, that's train TR0922, it'll be leaving london kings cross at [13:17] and arrived by 14:08. It costs 23.60 pounds and takes 51 minutes.
I'd like to book a seat on that train. Please provide confirmation.
Your reference number is AY662NLW .
That's all i need for today. Thanks very much for your help.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I'm looking for a train arriving by [17:15] departing from cambridge.
Where is your destination? And what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to bishops' stortford on Sunday.
The TR3600 will arrive at 16:07 to Bishops Stortford. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'm travelling alone, but could you give me the price as well?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ODVZEU6H . Will that be all?
Can yo also find a guesthouse with a five star rating?
there are no 5 star guesthouse
How about a 5 star hotel
I'm sorry there are no five star hotels either. Would you like to look for a different place to stay?
A four star with free parking would be fine
There are two hotels on the west side and one located in the centre of town. Do you have a specific area you would like to be in?
No, it doesn't matter. Which ever you recommend would be fine. I do need to get the postcode for it.
I will recommend the [university arms hotel] and the postcode for it is cb21ad.
Thank you, that was everything I needed for this trip. Have a great day!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I want to know if any trains run on Sunday?
Yes, I have 404 trains running on Sunday. Where are you departing from?
I'll be heading to Cambridge from Stevenage, and I'd like to arrive on Sunday by [12:45], please.
How about train TR8799, which departs on Sunday at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51?
That sounds good, how much is a ticket?
The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please go ahead and book that for me. I am also looking for a place to stay and can you find me a Guest house with free wifi?
I'm unsure if the wifi at Alexander Bed and Breakfast is free but it is cheap and in the center of town and definitely does have internet access. Would that do?
Actually, I would prefer a guesthouse is the north.
Okay I have many options. Any price preferences?
no, i just need to know the price
I would recommend Archway House, it is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
Okay. I would like to book the [Archway House] for three nights and for one person starting on Sunday and what is the price.
Perfect, the Archway House is booked for one person. The reference number is XXA3VM1F . The price is not listed online, the phone number is 01223575314.
Is there an email I can contact them at?
we do not have email contact information on the venues. but you can call them if you like. their phone number is 01223575314.
That would be all thanks you very much
OK, thank you for choosing to visit cambridge, enjoy your stay.
Actually, I'm sorry. Would you be able to confirm that the hotel you've booked has wifi? I don't have that in my notes.
The Archway House has wifi. Also, I see that the train was not booked. I can book the TR8225 leaving stevanage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43. OK?
I don't actually need the train booked yet, I just needed to know the price. I think I have everything I need now, thanks for your help!
The price is 10.24 pounds per ticket.
Thank you for looking that up for me.
You are welcome. Are you sure that all your questions have now been answered? I can wait.
Yes that is everything thank you for all your help. Goodbye
You are welcome! Have a great trip to cambridge!


Can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on sunday?
I found 19 trains that leave Norwich on Sunday. Where will you be traveling to and do you have an arrival time in mind?
I am traveling to Cambridge, of course! I can leave Norwich anytime after [12:45]
i recommend TR2974 which leaves 17:16. can i book that one?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need it booked for 3 people. I'll also need the reference number, please.
Okay, I've book you for 3 people on Sunday. You reference number is 4W6OGHUA . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
I have 12 options available that match your request. What price range would you like?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 4.
what about [hamilton lodge]? its lovely
Sure, thanks! Will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting Sunday?
your reference # D4Z2BO28 anything else?
That is all. Thank you!
Thank you very much! I hope you have a great trip! Goodbye.


Hi, I sure am looking forward to trying some of your local food when I get there. Can you help me find a train?
Yes, there are many trains where are you going and leaving from? What time do you want to arrive or depart?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.
Where will you be departing from and what time?
I am departing from Cambridge after [21:00].
I have train TR8453 leaving at [21:11] is that okay for you?
Yeah, that works. Is there a seat available?
Yes there is. Would you like reservations?
Yeah, I just need a ticket for myself.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is R547NJH2 .
I also am looking for an expensive [caribbean] restaurant.
i dont happen to have any caribbean restaurants in town. can i look for something else for you?
How about [Gastropub]? In the centre?
There are 3 expensive gastropubs in the centre. My personal favorite is backstreet bistro. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but can i have their post code?
Their postcode is cb12qa
Thank you for all your help!
Have a nice day.


Do you have any museums there?
We have several? A particular area you are looking for?
I'm not quite sure yet. What are the entrance fees for the museums?
Most are free, but the Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum is 3.50 pounds.
Can you find me a train that goes to the Cambridge Museum on Wednesday from Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I don't think the train goes within the city. Could I book you a taxi, instead?
actually, i need a train from cambridge to ely.
There multiple trains departing from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time of departure did you have in mind?
i want to leave after [8:15] on wednesday
There is a train leaving Cambridge at [9:50] arriving in Ely at [10:07]. Would that work for you? Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes that would work. Please book the reservation. Could I please get the reference number?
i just want to confirm if i am booking one ticket
No I need to book seven tickets.
Perfect, the train is booked for 7 people. The total is 30.8 GBP and the reference number is H4BYPL6F . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have an amazing day. Goodbye!
Have a great day as well. Good bye.


I need a train that is leaving on wednesday.
Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge by [17:15]. From the Kings Lane station.
Do you mean Kings Lynn station for your departure site?
Yes. I need to book tickets for 8 people.
Okay I successfully booked it. Reference number is : MGYR3882 .
Thanks. I am also looking for some [Korean] food in the north part of town.
What is your price preference?
I don't have a preference. Pick one that you like?
unfortunately, there aren't any korean restaurants in that area.
Then can I do a search for one that serves [Italian] food instead?
how about [da vinci] pizzria?
That works, can I get an address?
Yes, it's located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need to book a table?
No thank you. That was all I needed to know. Thanks and goodbye.
Goodbye to you as well and have a nice stay!


Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
[Pizza Hut cherry] hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area. Would you like their information?
Yes. phone number please
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is phone number is 01223 323737.
I'm not sure where on the south side I'm going to be. Could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information, too?
The only other option is restaurant alimentum. Their phone number is 01223 413000, their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their postcode is C.B 2, 8 P.B.


I am in desperate need of a getaway. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay?
Do you have a price preference, or a particular area you would like to stay in?
I like staying on the north side of town and I do need free wifi.
I have two guesthouse style locations that are both in the price range and located in the north. [Worth house] has a 4-star rating.
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does
The Worth house sounds fine. I would need the postcode.
The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to Cambridge.
I have 19 trains that meet that criteria. Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I'd like to leave after [11:45], please.
Okay, I think TR4170 would be most suitable for you, leaving Leicester on Friday at 09:09 and arriving in Cambridge by 10:54. Shall I book you a ticket?
Yes please. I need 8 tickets. And I'm sorry, I didn't need you to book the hotel, hope it's not too late.
Your booking was successful. Your confirmation number is OLYQOSDV . The total is 302.39GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.
Thank you and have a great day.
Thanks one more time. Lets end this conversation PLEASE
Have a great day and enjoy your trip


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
What kind of food do you want? italian or modern european?
I do not care.
There are two restaurants: Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there anything else available?
No, there are only 2 restaurants in the area. Is there anything else I can help with?
Give me the address and postcode of any of them, please.
The phone number for [pizza hut cherry] hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
That's great. Thank you so much
You're very welcome.


I want a place to stay with 3 stars.
There are six 3-star options. What part of town are you visiting? I'd be happy to book your stay.
I'd like one with free parking, located in the north area, and is a guesthouse.
The [Hamilton Lodge] is perfect for you. It is located at 156 chesterton road and you can call in at 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.
I've booked your stay at the Hamilton Lodge for 5 people, staying for 4 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is 14HU38D9
Thank you that is all I need today.
Thank you for letting us help.


Hi there. I am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions. Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?
Absolutely we have 79 attractions, do you have a type?
Seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun! Anyway I need a 0 star hotel with free parking.
I'm sorry there are not any matches for what you are looking for. How about a guesthouse instead of a hotel?
Yes, that would be fine. Something in the west would be great.
I'm sorry, but there is nothing with 0 stars in the west.
What about in the center?
Yes I found one guesthouse called [el shaddai]. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
I was able to make the booking. Reference number is : MNL7UFXJ .
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I would prefer something near the hotel.
I highly suggest the [Vue Cinema]. Would you like more information?
That will be fine. I'll need the postcode and attraction type?
The postcode is cb11ps and the attraction type is cinema.
Thank You!, I will need to book a taxi that can depart by [12:30], please provide me with contact and the type of car.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow BMW. Please call 07643657212 should you need to reach them.
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today
Have a great time.
I will, thanks! You have a great day to. Bye.
You're welcome.


Please help I've been robbed!!
I will call the police. In case we get disconnected the number to the police is 01223358966.
Can I please have their address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No, I hear the police sirens now. Thank you. Bye.
You're welcome. I hope you will be able to get this sorted out quickly! Bye.


Hello, I need a train that will be departing from Birmingham New Street on monday.
Many trains leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave for Cambridge after [13:00].
TR1328 leaves Birmingham New Street at 13:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:23. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 8 ticket on that train, please. And may I have the reference number?
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 600.79 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is 35RQLG92 .
Can you also help me find a place to visit while I am in town. Maybe a museum?
There are 23 museums. Which area would you like?
I don't have a preference. Could you just give me the phone number of the first museum on the list please?
The first museum is the Broughton House Gallery. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thank you.
We appreciate your business. Thank you for using our services, take care!


So I'm planning a trip and I need some information about where to stay in the North. I prefer hotels with free parking
sure, i have 11 options for you
north 2 star and should include free wifi
Can I recommend the [Lovell Lodge] and make you a reservation?
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8FI2LR0P .
Thank you. I would also like to find a [Chinese] restaurant in the same area. Can you let me know what is available?
You have your choice of Hakka or The Hotpot, in luxury options, or the moderately priced Golden Wok.
The [Hakka] sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people on friday?
What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like it at [18:45].
I was able to book the table for you per your request. Your reference number is : 1WEOP8WM . Is there anything else you need help with?
I also need a cab to get me to and from both places. I need the contact # and car type
Will you be going from the Lodge to the restaurant? And what time do you want to leave or arrive?
To the restaurant, I would like to arrive before the reservation time of [18:45].
OK, look for a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07361322317. Can I help with anything else today?
That'll be everything thanks!
Alright, have a lovely day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for some colleges to visit in town.
[Sidney Sussex] (cb23hu) and [Gonville and Caius] (cb21ta) Colleges are both free to enter, and located on Trinity St. Does that help?
Can I have the phone numbers as well?
Sidney Sussex is 01223338800, and Gonville and Caius is 01223332400
I am also looking for a place to dine. I need something moderately priced in the city's centre please.
There are quite a few in that area. Do you have a cuisine type preference?
Go ahead and suggest a moderately priced one in the centre area of town.
I would recommend [Yippee Noodle Bar]
Please reserve a table for 5 people at [11:00] on Monday.
All right, I've booked the table. The reference number is N3HGPU8Y . What else can I help you with?
No, that was everything. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
I forgot to add-Yippee Noodle is located on 40428 King Street City Centre. And you have a great day.


Are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?
There are many things to visit including museums, theaters, colleges, nightclubs, parks, swimming pools, cinema, boating, concert halls, and architecture attractions.
Recommend a swimming pool for me please.
I have [parkside pools] in the centre of town on gonville place postbcode cb11ly.
What's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?
01223446100. I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes. I need a place to stay. Free parking and free wifi are important to me
Great, I have several options for you. Do you want a hotel in a particular part of town?
No but it needs to be in the moderate price range.
What about acorn house? It is a lovely guesthouse.
I would rather have a hotel. I need it for 8 people for 3 nights. Is there anything available?
I have two hotels on the north side that fit your criteria. I would suggest Ashley Hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
The [Ashley Hotel] sounds great. Can you reserve a room on Thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please?
I will reserve it for you.
Ok, thanks for that. What's the reference number?
Your reference number is 739P7NDS . Do you need help with anything else?
Yes please, I'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel. I'd like to leave the pool by [05:15].
I have booked a taxi from Parkside pools to ashley hotel at 5:15. The contact number 0735652974. Do you need anything else?
What kind of car is the taxi?
It's a grey BMW.
Thanks! That's all I need.
I hope you have a good trip. Goodbye


I'm looking for a train, but I don't want to have to get up too early. There's something that leaves after [8:15], right?
We have trains that go from early morning to late night, what is the route you will be taking and on what day?
I need to get to Stansted Airport on Monday.
I have the TR0797 departing at 08:40 and arrives at 09:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number
Sure! The reference number for this booking is QA51IFDT and the total fee with be 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks! Could you also help me find somewhere cheap to stay?
I have several options for you, did you want to stay in a particular area?
The area doesn't matter but I do need free wifi, please.
I have 10 places you could stay. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A guesthouse will work out better and I need free parking too.
[alexander bed and breakfast] is a very nice place and it fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
Sure. The two of us want to stay for two nights starting Saturday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : AVJ0CKBP . anything else?
Great that's all that I needed for today.
Alright, have a lovely day.
Thank you, you too.
Than you very much!


Hello, we're planning on a trip to Cambridge and would like lodging info. Can you tell us if there is a hotel in the economical range near the centre?
Unfortunately, there are no economical hotels in the centre of Cambridge. Would you like to look in a different area?
Really? Not even a guest house?
Yes, there are no accommodations available that fit that criteria. Would you like to choose something else?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the centre.
There are two cheap guesthouses located in the centre. My recommendation would be [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
Sounds great! Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
Your booking was successful at the Alexander bed and breakfast. The reference number is F9VVA2GL .
Thank, you goodbye
Welcome , have a lovely day too.


I am heading to Cambridge and I would like to know about some places to see in the north, do you have any suggestions?
The Milton Country Park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
Yes, may I please get the address, postcode, and the entrance fee for the [Milton Country Park]?
Sure. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Their postcode is cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. There is free admission to the park. Anything else I can help with?
I need to get a train that leaves after [16:30]. Can you help with that?
What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I need to leave cambridge and arrive in lecester on monday.
I'm sorry, I'm not able to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30. Is there another time I can search for you?
I think I said that wrong. I am actually looking for a train that leaves Leicester after 16:30 going to Cambridge.
There is a train departing at 17:09 that arrives at 18:54. Would that work for you?
Yes I think that would work. What is the trainID?
The train ID is TR2078. Are you ready for me to book this for you?
Yes,most definately. Thanks
Great, your Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP for 1 ticket. Reference number is 9IR5OSCS . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that is it. Thanks
You're welcome. Have a nice trip, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Thank you for your help.
Glad to help, have a great day.


Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at. Free parking is not necessary.
Okay I can help you with that. There are many options to choose from. What is your price range?
I would prefer to keep it in the moderate price range and I really need free WiFi as well, please.
I have several indifferent areas of town. Do you have a location preference?
No, not really. Just needs to be in the moderate price range.
I'd recommend the [avalon] hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would. Can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting Saturday?
I successfully booked a room for 2 at the Avalon for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is D5ZO6ZH1
I am also looking for a resturant called [Nandos City centre]. Can you make a reservation there for 2 people at [17:00] on Saturday?
Sure. Your reference number is 6F6ZHY2Z . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need to arrive by my reservation time.
Here is a number for a reliable taxi


I need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.
We have two guesthouses, one in the north and one in the east both are priced moderately, can I help with any other questions?
I prefer the north.
Ok, that would be [Avalon] guesthouse. Do you want to book a room there?
Yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9ZVM9EPE . anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm sorry, I just remembered I'm looking for an attraction as well. Can you help?
sure, what would you like to know?
I would like something near the Avalon guesthouse.
I have many attractions in that area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?
How about a boating attraction. The [Riverboat Georgina] would be nice. Would you like additional information?
Yes please! Could I get their entrance fee and address?
I'm sorry but you will have to go there in person to see the fee, but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Could I have the phone number as well?
sure it is 01223902091
Thank you very much. That is all I needed.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
It is on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking
I've got the [alpha-milton guest house] which matches your needs and is in the north. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me the price of the room per night?
Not an exact price but it is moderate price range, do you want me to provide their info or book you?
Yes, give me their phone number and I will call them.
Sure, you can reach them at 01223311625. Can I help you further today?
I also need to find [Portuguese] restaurant in the south.
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?
it's a fairly inexpensive restaurant.
I want something in the moderate price range.
I have nothing that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
What about [modern European] food?
[Restaurant Alimentum] is moderately priced modern european cuisine and is located in the South. Shall I book that for you?
No thank you I just need information right now. I would like the address and phone number.
The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Is there something else I can help with?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by [04:30], please.
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volvo. Please call 07811154619 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.
We actually have no 1-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different search?
well anything with free parking.
Is location important?
Actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 4 star guesthouse, with free parking.
We have many options so let's narrow the list if we can. Would you rather a guesthouse in the north area of town?
I do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VRX2L3AY .
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to go? maybe a park.
[milton] county park is in the north area and has no entrance fee.
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what was the name of the guesthouse you booked for me?
I'm sorry about that! it is the acorn guest house.
Can I get a taxi between [Acorn] and the park?
What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by [04:00]
You are set, looking for a grey Honda, if any issues, they can be reached at 07880531518
Great that's all I needed today thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for [Downing College]. Can you give me information on it?
Sure, it is located in the centre area, on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq, their phone number is 01223334860.
And just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? I assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.
Yes, downing college is a college. Can I do anything else for you today?
I also need a place to stay. I am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.
There is a cheap guesthouse named [Allenbell] on 517a coldham lane if you are interested.
That sounds great. Can I have the number?
The number is 01223210353. I can make that booking for you, I would just need to know and arrival date and for how many people and length of your stay.
Can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star? If so, I will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.
It is four stars but unfortunately I cannot book it. Would you like to change the date?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?
I was able to book that, your reference is 4B5YCEFU .
Thanks. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.
I can take care of that for you. Would you like to be picked up at the college? And at what time?
I want to leave the hotel at [15:15] to go to the college.
I have confirmed your taxi, a black bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07830542895. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that takes care of it. Thank you.
Thank You, have a good stay. Goodbye.


Hello. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
There are loads of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No, just architecture. I would also like the phone number and postcode please.
May I suggest [all saints church]? the post code is cb58bs.
That sounds great! Can you give me the phone number as well?
The phone number for all saints church is 01223452587.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, and have a great day!


I am looking for restaurants in the north part of town
Which price range are you looking in?
I'd like a cheap restaurant. What types of food are available with those parameters?
Italian and Indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap [Indian] restaurant in the north?
[Royal Spice] is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. It's phone number is 017-335-3355
How much is the average dish?
I am sorry sir, this information is not available to us. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Have a good evening.


I'd like details about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Ely.
There are 70 scheduled trains on that route. Do you have a day or time you wish to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday and I would like to leave after [15:00].
What time do you need to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, just so it leaves after 15:00. I'll just need the train id and arrival time please.
the TR7177 leaves at 15:50, do you want tickets?
No thank you. I would like to know the arrival time, though.
The arrival time is 16:07.
Thanks. Can you also find a museum ?
Is there a certain area of town you would like to be in?
No, whatever your recommendation is. I will just need the area it's in and the entrance fee please.
[people's portraits exhibition at girton college] in the west is very interest, the entrance fee is free. Do you need more info?
No thanks. That gives me all I need. Take care. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.


