I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
All the moderately priced, 4-star accommodations are guesthouses. Is that OK?
That would be just fine, thank you.
Which are would you like?
Any area will do. Recommend something.
How about the [avalon]?
Great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you try that for me?
I was able to complete that booking for you. Your confirmation number is O4E7TJ08 .
Thank you! Are there any places to go in the east?
If you're going to the east, I recommend taking a boat ride with [Camboats].
ok, what's their address and postcode?
Camboats address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their postcode is cb58sx.
I also need a taxi.
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know your departure site and destination and what time you're looking for.
I will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel.
I need to know a departure and/or arrival time.
I want to leave by [15:30].
What is the cost?
Can I get the contact number and the car type please?
It will be a blue Tesla. You may contact them at 07008080625.
Thank you very much. That is all that I need.
excellent, have a great day!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
[Restaurant Alimentum] serves [modern European] food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can you give me their address and phone number?
The phone number for Restaurant Alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 Hills Road. Anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the North part of town. I will need their address.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, or one that serves Indian food at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye!


I need to know more about the [Alexander bed and breakfast].
Alexander B and B is one of our higher rated guesthouses in the centre of town. It is 4 stars, but is surprisingly cheap. Can I get you any specific information?
I would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Yes, I can book it now.
Is there a reference number associated with the booking?
Hi, I'm the supervisor, I have taken over for the rep, my apologies, you booking is set, the reference number is VY2TZJWT . Can I help with anything else?
I need information on [India House], a restaurant. I need to book for 5 people at [16:45] for Wednesday, please.
It's an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Your reference number is 1ETONEKW .
Great. Thanks for all your help!
Yeah, anytime let us know if you need anything else.
Thank you that is all I need today.
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your meal and your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for the hospital in town.
The only hospital in town is the Addenbrookes Hospital, would you like their phone number?
Yes and could I also have their postcode please?
The address for Addenbrookes Hospital is Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ.
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.


Hello, I need information about Parkside Police Station, please.
The phone number to the police station is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could I get the postcode as well please?
Of course! Their post code is CB11JG.
Thank you, that will be all.
Have a great day.


I am looking for [Home from Home] hotel
I see home from home located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a stay?
What is the star rating for the hotel? And what area is that in?
Home from Home is a guesthouse hotel with a 4 star rating. It is in the north end of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at this time, thank you. I am, however, looking for a train that goes to Bishops Stortford on Saturday.
There are 10 trains available that day. Is there a particular time of day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge after [18:45] please.
TR4673 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07.
Could I please have the price and travel time as well?
The price for that travel time is 8.08 pounds and the duration of the trip is 38 minutes. Can I book this travel time for you now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hello, where in town is there a hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, I just need the general address and postcode.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a nice day!


I need to catch a train in London King's Cross to ride into Cambridge.
I can help with that. What day and time were you looking to depart?
I want to leave on Monday after [12:45].
There is a train available on 14:12.
That is fine. Can you provide the arrival time, train ID, and travel time.
I do apologize, train TR3194 would leave at 13:17, NOT 14:12. The travel time would be 51 minutes. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes can you please book it.
I have booked your train. London King's Cross to Cambridge at 13:17 on Monday.
Thank you! That sounds excellent! I am also craving [British] food. Are there any moderately priced British restaurants there?
We have four in the centre area and one int he west, any preferences?
Not really, I'll just need to book it for the same day for 4 people.
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it at [15:00] on the same day.
Very well, I've booked you at [Restaurant One Seven] for 4 people at 15:00 on Monday. Would you like the booking reference number?
Yes of course I want the reference number! Why wouldn't I!
Sorry about that, the reference number is 5F63AFCU
Thank you for your time.
I'm glad I could help you today. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Yes, hi. Can you help me locate a cinema.
There are two cinemas. One is in the centre of town. The other is on the south side. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.
Okay. Have a nice day.
Good bye.
Goodbye and thanks for contacting us


Does Cambridge have an [Indian] restaurant in the Centre of town?
I have 9 indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
I need a cheap one.
I have 3, [the gandhi] is a great place. shall I book a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 7 people at [5:15] on Sunday.
I have booked that for you, reference number is ZB89D8NC . Do you need anything else?
I also need to book a train for my trip to Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from? And what day would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Sunday.
Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I'll depart anytime as long as I can get to Cambridge by [08:30].
Okay. How about TR8730, which would depart at 05:40 and arrive by 08:23?
Sounds good. Please, may I have the price, travel time, and departure time?
TR8730 has a fare of 60.08 GBP, the trip is 163 minutes, and it departs at 05:40. Would you like to book tickets? Or can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well. If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to call back. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
There are 12 options in the north, any others preferences?
I don't need parking.
i can only find [avalon] guesthouse
That sounds fine. What is their address and postcode? Oh, I'll need their phone number too, if it's available.
They are located at 62 gilbert road cb43pd, phone number 01223353071. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please book it for me thank you
Sure thing what nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't want to book it at this time. Can I get some information about the [Vue Cinema], though?
of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the address and phone number.
the phone number is 08712240240 and the address is at The Grafton centre, East Road
Thanks. Do you know if there is an entrance fee?
I don't have any information about the entrance fee, sorry.
Oh, that's alright, thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Is there any other attraction I can look up for you? Or any other info you need?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.
It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.


Howdy, I was wondering if the [alpha-milton guest house] still does business?
The Alpha-Milton guest house still does business. It is located at 63 Milton Road in the North side of town.
I would like to stay at the alpha-Milton guest house.
When would you like to stay there and for how many nights?
I need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IH9GBUZF is there anything else i can help you with today?
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre and tell me the food type
I have several cheap restaurants for you. Would you like to try a [Chinese] one?
That is fine. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
The Rice House is very good and close to the hotel. Do you want me to book it for you?
No I don't need the restaurant booked but I do need a taxi.
Ok, where will you be leaving from?
Leaving The [Rice House] to go to the hotel
And what time do you wish to arrive by?
i want to leave the restaurant by [02:15].
Booking completed! Lookout for a blue Toyota, contact number 07897851173. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help. Have a good day!
Have yourself a good day as well. Bye.


im looking for a place to dine, it should be in the south serving morden [global] food
I don't have anything that meets those specifications. Can I try something else?
it is ok provided that it is cheap
I found a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant. Do you like either one of those?
[Portuguese] should be fine.
Okay, [Nandos] serves Protuguese in the South of town with cheap price range. Would you like to book a table now?
No, I'm not ready to book today. Can I just get a phone number and postcode please?
Nandos postcode is cb17dy and the phone is 01223327908. Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a place to stay.
What area would you prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't really matter too much. I would like something with 4 stars and free parking though.
There is [acorn guest house] located in the north it has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please book it for 3 nights starting on Thursday. I want the booking to be for 8 people.
Okay, your booking at the Acorn Guest House was successful. The reference number is MO3PC3QP . Can I help you with anything else today?
That would be all. Thank you for your time today.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


There's been a traffic accident and I need some help resolving a dispute about it.
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
Thank you so much. Do you have their address?
Their address is Parkside, Cambridge
Thank you so much! I think that is all I need today.
You are more than welcome!


I was hoping to find a college to visit while in cambridge.
Sure, what area of town are you looking to visit?
Definitely the west. I'll need a phone number, address and postcode, please?
Certainly. Queen's College is located on Silver Street, postcode cb39et. That phone number is 01223335511.
I am also hungry
I can help you with finding a restaurant. Do you have particular one in mind?
Yes, I'd like to try some [Polynesian] food.
I'm sorry there are no polynesian restaurants. Would you like a different type of food?
Can you try an [indian] place instead? And something in the west.
There are six restaurants. would you like rice boat ?
Is it moderately priced?
They are mostly expensive and there is one that is moderately priced.
Can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at [12:45] on monday?
I have booked you a table at [Meghna] for Monday at 12:45 for 4 people. Your reference number is B2RNYUEG .
Great that was all I needed today.
Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today!


Hello, I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.
I can help with that. Do you have an area of town, or a price range in mind?
I'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but I absolutely need free wifi!
Ok, almost all of the hotels have free wifi, do you have a star rating you would like?
I don't care.
There are 32 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have any preference of price range or area, or should I choose one for you?
I would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.
How about the moderately priced Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? I also have 22 other entries, if you would prefer something else.
[Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast sounds fine. Can you book it for 3 people arriving on Thursday for 5 nights?
Yes I most certainly can! I have booked you into the Rosa and your reference number is 06D0FC6L .
Yes I also need to book a train for 3 people on Thursday between Bishops Stortford and Cambridge arriving by [09:00].
I have a 7:29 that gets into Cambridge at 8:07. I booked three people on this train per your instructions. The total cost is 30.29 pounds and your reference is 9AR1CBJM .
Thank you very much for your help today.
It was my pleasure. Safe travels!


Please help me with a taxi
Sure! where are you going?
I'm going to [pizza hut fen ditton].
Where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from the beautiful [saint catharine's college].
What time would you like to be picked up from your start point, or dropped off at your destination?
Oh anytime after [11:45] a.m would be fine
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volvo Contact number : 07089951396
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I can help you with that, do you have a certain place in mind today? Or would you like to search in a specific area?
I'm looking for a [Japanese] place in the centre of town.
I have one listing for [wagamama], will that be okay today?
How expensive is it?
It is expensive range in price.
Great, please book a table for 7 people at [15:15] on Friday.
I was able to book your table for 7 for Friday at 15:15. The Reference number is : INI5O0N5 .
Okay, I also need a train to get to norwich.
What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday after [13:45]. I''ll be heading to Norwich. Do you have anything for me?
Yes, there are 10 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 14:36. When would you like to arrive in Norwich?
It doesn't matter when I arrive as long as I leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. And I'll want to book the train for the same group of people.
I have booked you a train leaving at 14:36. The cost is 112.64 GBP. Reference number MB0PZVMJ . How would you like to pay?
I'll pay at the station. Well that's it for me today. Thanks for all your help! G'bye :)
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


I need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant in the north part of town. Their number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
good day!


I need an expensive restaurant
What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like [Vietnamese] food
No restaurants matching your queries have been found. Would you like to search for another food type?
Is there any restaurants severing [North American] food.
[Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is an expensive restaurant that serves North American food.
Is that expensive?
Yes, it is listed as expensive in my database. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, I would like to have the phone number and postcode please.
phone number is 01223 312598, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B.


I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.
What time would you like the train for?
I would like to leave after [12:00].
We can certainly arrange that. Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and where you would like to go?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to birmingham new street.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9LZNG2V4 . Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you tell me when the train arrives and how long the journey will be?
Gladly. The train arrives at 12:44 and the trip will take 163 minutes. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes how much is the ticket?
It's 60.08 GBP, payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That's everything I needed thanks. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for some attractions in the centre.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
Parks for kids or a water slide
There is Parkside pools in the Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
Sure,the phone number is 01223446100 and the post code is cb11ly,and my records do not show what the entrance fee is.
Thank you, can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the same area as the Parkside pools?
We have several food options in city centre. Can you tell me a bit more about the type of restaurant you enjoy?
I am open to all types of food as long as it's in the moderate price range.
I've found several restaurants that are located in the Centre with a moderate price range. May I recommend a [British] restaurant called [the Oak Bistro]?
That sounds great. Can you book that for Tuesday at [12:00]?
How many people will be in your party?
There are 6 people
The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EJAOP5QE .
Thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
No that will be all. Thanks!
I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye!


Can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town?
Of course, I have two available one is cheap and one is moderate what do you prefer?
Do either of them have a 3 star rating?
Yes, the [Hobsons House] has 3 stars and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
I was able to book that reservation for you. The reference number is RL3S28T3 .
That's all I need, thank you
welcome again next time
Thanks agian. Goodbye.
We were able to find accommodations for this person.


I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
Do you prefer african or asian cuisine?
I'm looking for an inexpensive [Spanish] restaurant.
[La Raza] seems to fit your needs, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, Friday at [16:00].
I was able to book your party. Your reference number is 30DJXAZC . The table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, can you recommend a place in the area? Preferably something college related.
Downing college is an excellent option in the city centre.
Nice, in the same area as the restaurant I see. What is the address with postcode?
[Downing College] is located on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything further today?
One more question, is there an entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223334860 if you should have any other questions. Can I assist further?
No that is all, you were wonderful. Have a great day!!
I'm so happy that I could help you. Have a great time at dinner and the college!


Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.
We have several cheap htels and guesthouses available. Do you have a particular location in mind?
Not really. It does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.
I have one in the cheap range, shall I book it?
Does it have a star of 0. That is very important to me?
Unfortunately, it's 4 stars. Would you like to try a different hotel type?
What about one that is in the moderate price range?
I found 3 hotels, do you have a preference for the area of centre or north?
No area preference. Any of them are fine. Can you book one for me starting Thursday?
Yes, of course. For how many nights and how many people?
There will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. Can I get the reference number for that once it is booked?
I've booked you at the [Ashley Hotel], and your reference number is 9ZKDNRMV .
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by [20:15] and get contact number and car type
Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I'm sorry I did not mention I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the South of town.
I can help you find something! How about Nusha or Tenpin? They are in the south and are entertainment facilities.
What type of entertainment are they? Can you give me phone numbers, please?
They are parks. Phone number for Nusha is 01223902158 and for Tenpin is 08715501010.
I'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and I'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.
I'm sorry, which park would you like to go to?
I think [Tenpin] should work nicely, thanks.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Lexus. If you need to reach them, please contact 07275581182. Anything else I can help with?
Wonderful! Nope, that's it. Thanks so much for all of your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day in Cambridge!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd. Cambridge. The postcode is CB20QQ and the phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you
Thank you. Goodbye.


Wow, I cant believe that I got a person this quickly. I need a train to cambridge. I want to get there buy tuesday at [12:30].
I'm happy to help. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross.
Train TR7850 arrives at [12:08], but that there are trains arriving earlier. Which one could you rather take?
I would like to take this train. Thank you.
Reference number is : UKTVT9CY . the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Awesome. Could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?
There are 69 choices to select from. Can you narrow it down to the type of food and price range? I can then search again for you
it should be in the moderate price range.
What type of food do you like?
[American] food and I need a booking for same group
The only one I find with American food is in the expensive range, it's the gourmet burger kitchen. Is this something you would be interested or would you prefer something else?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range in the Centre. Is there anything that meets that criteria?
I can recommend [the oak bistro] in the centre of town, they have british food, and are in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like a table for one person at [20:30] on tuesday
I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a table at [19:30]? Can you reserve that please?
I apologize but that doesn't seem to be available either. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?
We do have openings at the oak bistro if you are interested. It is located in centre with moderate price range.
Yes I would like a reservation for one at 19:30
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZAIQ7NX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help today. Thank you. Goodbye.
Okay, I am glad to have assisted you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [thai] restaurant on the west side.
[Sala thong] is a thai restaurant on the west side that is expensive. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book it for 5 people on sunday?
Yes of course. What time would you like me to make your reservation?
I would like a table for [13:00].
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side.
How about [Cocum]? It's an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side.
Ok, that would be fine. Can you please send me the reference number?
Okay. I was able to book your table. Your reference number is WS8R5J04 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you , cheers.
Thank you, let us know if you need any thing else. Bye.


Can you help me locate a swimming pool?
Yes, there are 4 pools, 1 in the East, 2 in the North and 1 in the Centre. Which area would you like?
Could you give me the address and postcode of one in the North please?
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river, and their postcode is cb43px. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks. I think that should do it. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I would really like to find a [Basque] restaurant on the west side. Does that exist?
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving basque food in the west part of town. Would you like a different type of food?
How about [italian] food
[la margherita] is an italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location?
No, what is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 315232.
thank you
You're welcome. Is there anything else?
no, thank you!
Thank you.


Please send me general information about a particular hotel called the [lensfield hotel].
The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south rated 3 stars. Internet and parking are included in the price of your stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on Monday?
it was successful.Reference number is : MB909S4Y .
I am also looking for a train out of bishops stortford please.
i will book it for you and thank you for your time with us


may you help me find the nearest police station
Sure, it is located in Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks very much, what is its postcode?
The post code for the police station is CB11JG.
Great, thank you for the help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for using our service!


I need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, I'd like it to be [chinese] food.
Are you looking to dine in a particular area?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town, please.
I have tang chinese that meets your criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need the address, postcode and phone number. Thanks!
Tang chinese is located at napier street city center, phone number is 01223357187, and the postcode is cb11hr.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?
There are tons of things to see in the centre, you'll have a blast. What kind of attraction were you thinking?
I was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available I would like to know where the swimming pools are.
Nothing in the terms of entertainment but there is a swimmingpool. It is called [Parkside Pools].
that is fine. get me the phone number and address
The phone number is 01223446100. The address is gonville place. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for information on a restaurant called [rice boat].
Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side. Their location is 37 Newnham Road, Newnham. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Saturday for 5 people at [13:45]? Thanks.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I have the reference number for the booking?
Yes I will get you that number,one moment please


I am looking for a hotel on the west side that gives free wifi.
There are four different hotels in that area that offer free wifi, did you have a price range or star rating that you prefer?
I'd like a zero star hotel that has wifi.
We don't have a 0 star hotel that matches your preferences. Would you like to try something else?
Sure, let's look for a 4 star hotel instead.
I see three matching locations. Do you have a particular hotel type or price range in mind?
As long as it's 4 star that's all I just need one for 5 people for 4 nights starting monday.
How about the [cambridge belfry]? It's in the cheap price range.
OK, lets give it a try.
Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, please book the hotel.
I am sorry, that hotel is unavailable for you requested information. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Yes how about 1 night
You are booked for 1 night. Your reference number is AX7FQ3NR . Would you like to find a hotel for the other nights?
Yes, where can I find a hotel for 4 nights and 5 people, Tuesday through Friday?
I was able to find you a booking at the cambridge belfy for 5 people tuesday through friday.
That's ok. I do need to find a moderately priced [Austrian] restaurant though.
I apologize, there are no moderately prices Austrian restaurants. Is there another type of food, or price range I can check for you?
How about one that serves [British] food? Get me an area and address if possible.
Sure, De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre is the address for restaurant one seven
Ok, that sounds great.
Would you like me to make a reservation for restaurant one seven?
No that's fine. I'm good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not right now. Thank you for your help. Bye.
You're welcome! We hope you enjoy your trip!


Is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in Cambridge by [9:15] or do you need to get there the night before?
There are plenty of trains arriving that early. Where are you coming from, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be coming in from Stansted Airport on Friday.
We have four early morning trains available that day, one every hour from 5:24 to 8:24. Would you like to book one?
Yes, please! The one at 8:24 please. 1 person. Give me the reference number.
I was able to book it, the reference number is O6ZSM73S .
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.
I have 17 locations. Do you have an area of town you'd like to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north.
how about [hamilton lodge]? i hear they're great.
Sounds good. Could you get me the postcode and the phone number?
phone number is 01223365664 and postal code cb41da
OK book that please
When would you like to arrive, and how many guests are in your party?
Actually, I don't want to book yet. Thanks for the information. I think that is all I need.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
That is all I need. Goodbye.
Ok. Thank you and goodbye.


Could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?
Absolutely! Do you have any preferences on area, price, or food type?
I really want to treat myself so I was thinking expensive [european] food.
I have 5 restaurants that are expensive european. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Any part of town will do so kindly recommend something and give me the postcode and address
How about Eraina in the centre area. The address is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786.
Oh and I'm going to need a place to stay. Can you find me an expensive 4 star hotel that includes free wifi please?
There are two hotels that match your requirements. One is in the west and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference of area?
It doesn't matter but can you find one in the expensive price range?
In that case, I recommend [University Arms Hotel]. It's in the same area as the restaurant and may be more convenient.
That will be fine can you get me the address and postcode.
Sure! The address is Regent Street. The postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you for your help. Good-bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I want to find a cheap restaurant and serves [australasian] food.
There are no restaurants serving Australasian food. Would you like something else?
[portuguese] food
There are two restaurants available, nandos and nandos city centre. One is in the south and one is in the centre.
I don't care
How about [nandos]? It is a cheap restraunt on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds great, what is their address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne leaving on saturday.
Sure, you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Broxbourne by [18:15].
I have the TR5688 that will get you in at 18:01. Would you like to book it?
No, I just need the price.
That is no problem, you are looking at 14.32 pounds per person if you decided to go that route. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel, in any area, that includes free parking.
I have three hotels that match your criteria. Two are expensive and one is cheap. Do you have a preference of price?
I don't have a preference of price but I'd like for it to be a guesthouse in the north.
I have 7 great guesthouses in the north. May I suggest the kirkwood house?
Sure, I'll try [Kirkwood House]. Make me a booking for 5 nights for a party of 5, checking in on Monday
Okay I have your reference number and it is 8XF57Q08 .
Great thank you, that is all I need for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I will be in Cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while I visit.
I'd be happy to help you pick one! There are over 40 attractions in city centre; what type of activity are you interested in?
I don't really care. Can you suggest something?
How about a museum? Or we have some terrific colleges you could visit. There's always the theatre as well.
How about a theatre? Can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?
The [Cambridge Arts Theatre] is located at 6 saint edward's passage in postcode cb23pj. Their phone number is 01223503333.
Thank you! Can you help me find a hotel to stay in? I need it to have free wifi.
Just about every lodging in town has internet (it's 2017, after all!). Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
It needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. I don't care about the price.
Okay its address is located at 6 saint edward's passage and its postal code is cb23pj.
Can you book it for me? Just for one person starting on Wednesday for 5 nights.
I'm sorry, none of the hotels in the centre are free on those dates. Would you like to try a different number of days?
Can you try for just 2 nights then?
Your booking at the [Alexander bed and breakfast] was successful, the reference number is L60GOSEU .
Can I please book a taxi to get to the hotel?
Sure. What time would you like to be picked up from [Cambridge Arts Theatre]?
I'd actually like to be picked up from [Alexander bed and breakfast] by [15:30].
I have booked a black BMW to pick you up. The contact number is 07334398349.
That's all for today. Thanks for your help!
Thank you Goodbye


Can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking?
Most of the cheap options we have are guesthouses, though I do have one hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
How many stars does this hotel have, and does it have wifi?
It has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Can you tell me the name and phone number of that hotel please?
It is the Cambridge Belfry hotel and the phone number is 01954714600. Do you need any other details?
No, actually that did it. I have all I need. Thanks again. Goodbye.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


Hi there. I am looking for a train out of Cambridge.
What is your desired destination?
My desired destination is Norwich.
There are many trains for Norwich, do you have a specific date and time you'd like to leave?
Friday after [18:15]. I will need 4 tickets. Please send me a reference number too.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CLBJ6WLI . Anything else?
I need a hotel that is moderately priced. I do not want a guesthouse.
There are three. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge in the north are 2 stars and Cityroomz hotel in the centre is 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything with 3 stars?
There is not. Would you be willing to try a different price range?
Yeah, lets try expensive places.
The [gonville hotel] meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please for the same group of people on tuesday.
How many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay for 3 nights, please.
Alright, got you booked. Your reference number is: AL3YQFJ8 . Anything else I can do for you today?
Nope that is all I need today. I appreciate your time! Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'd like to find a restaurant that serves [Korean] food.
there is only one korean restaurant in town called [little seoul].
What is the address , phone number, and postcode?
Little Seoul's address 108 Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223 308681, and postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, this is great.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, do you know about trains that run from King's Lynn?
Yes, there are several. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Wednesday by train departing from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. But want to arrive by [11:45].
for how many ?
just one, please
Okay, great. I've made you a booking on the TR8044. Your reference number is VIG3VTPJ . The total fee is 9.8 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Thanks! I also need a hotel (not a guesthouse!) with free wifi, please.
how about ashley hotel?
Can you tell me if [Ashley Hotel] is located in the South and does it include free parking?
They are located in the North and has free parking.
Okay, I need the address of a hotel in the south please with free wifi and parking.
I do not have anything with that exact criteria. Shall I change it?
Yes, Can you look in the west please?
I have two hotels that meet your criteria. One is in the expensive price range and the other is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer the cheaper one please.
The address for The Cambridge Belfry is Back Lane, Cambourne. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it for today, thank you
Thanks for using our services, goodbye!


I'm looking for an upscale guesthouse.
Your are looking for an upscale guesthouse. I can help you with that. There are a few options, what area would you like?
I don't care about the area. All that matters to me is that it has free wifi.
I don't have any upscale guesthouses available. Is there a different price range I can help you find?
Is there any in the cheap price range then?
How about the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in the centre? It is a cheap guesthouse with free WIFI.
Sounds great. I need to be there Saturday and we will be staying 4 nights.
I am sorry, there is no availability for those dates. Would you like me to try to find another hotel?
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
I was able to get you into the [El Shaddai] and your reference number is JG24DZVF .
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else that you need today?
As long as my reservation is for 2 people, we are set. Thank you!
Okay great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much. I'm sure I will.
Have a great day! Good-Bye.


I need a train leaving arriving in stevenage.
I'm sorry, can you clarify your departure and destination sites? Also, what day and time are you planning to leave?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Stevenage. This will be for Saturday and I want to arrive by [15:45]
TR6998 will leave Cambridge on 13:21 and arrive at Stevenage at 14:10. The price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 6 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 payable at the station. Reference number is: K6E4V6XO . Will there be anything else?
i also need food
I have 110 restaurants to choose from. Is there a particular area or type of food you'd prefer?
Looking for something in the cheap price range that serves Danish food. If that is not available then [Chinese] food.
[Charlie chan] is a cheap Chinese place located in the centre.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
for the reservation, i need to know the day, number of guests and the time please.
For 6 people at [11:15] on Saturday.
Table for 6 at 11:15 on Saturday at Charlie Chan. They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes after your reservation. Your Reference# is : UQQI88M8 .
Thank you that is all I needed. Good bye.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


I'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves [italian] food.
Okay. Would you like to go to the centre or south part of town?
I would like the south part of town please.
[Frankie and Bennys] meets you criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us for this Friday at [16:00].
Booking was unsuccessful. Perhaps another day or time?
how about [15:00] instead?
Okay, that worked, and I've successfully booked your table. I can give you the reference number, if you'd like.
Yes, I will need the reference number.
Your Reference number is : VRU8VSG0 . Do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything I needed. Thank you for your help!
You're very welcome. Have a good meal!


Yes, I need a train for wednesday arriving at [14:45].
I have train TR3634 leaving cambridge and arriving london kings cross at 13:51. Will that work for you?
I need the train to go to cambridge and leave from stansted airport.
I reserved a seat for you on the 05:24 train. Your reference number is9BQT5T9M . Your ticket of 10.1 GBP is payable when you get to the station.
Great, that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge!
I need a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on Wednesday, please...
Sorry about all that confusion. I think I've found you a train. TR3720 is the closest in time, leaving the airport 13:24, arriving Cambridge 13:52. Would you like a seat reserved?
Yes, I'd like to book for three people please.
I've booked you 3 seats on the TR3720 with a total fee of 30.29 GBP which is payable at the station. The reference number is Y3ATC2SJ .
Thank you. Im also looking for a hotel in the north in the moderate price range.
[Ashley hotel] is available, would that work for you?
Sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 3 people?
Booking was successful, you reference number is DEMBOPOR, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I am hoping you can help me find a [British] restaurant at which to dine during my visit to Cambridge.
I have 11 results that match your preferences. What area of town will you be in?
I will be in the west and it needs to be moderately priced.
I have [saint johns chop house]. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people at [14:45] on saturday,and I need the reference number when completed.
Okay, the book was successful. The reference number is OKAT9RPQ . Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I need the address and postcode for an attraction called [camboats].
The address for Camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton and the postcode is cb58sx.
thank you that is all i need for today.
Thank you for using our system! Have a great trip!


What train do I need to take to get to Norwich from Cambridge?
It looks like there are trains from Cambridge to Norwich every day. What day/time will you be traveling on?
I'll be leaving Sunday and need to arrive by [21:30].
TR4082 will arrive by 20:55 would that work for you?
Yeah, can I please get the price?
Sure. The price per ticket is 14.08 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes book the ticket please.
Can I ask how many tickets you will need?
On second thought, I don't need a ticket reserved. Could you tell me what the travel time will be on that train, though?
Sure - the trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also looking to go to a museum on the west part of town.
How about the [Lynne Strover Gallery]?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
Phone number is 01223295264. Postcode is cb30aq. Address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Okay thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's everything I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome, have a great day and text us back any time!


You are looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge
There are several. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I'm looking for one that leaves after [12:00] going to leicester
TR2129 leaves Cambridge at 12:21. There are trains every hour after as well, if you would like to leave a little later.
That on will be fine, what is the price, please?
The price is 30.24 pounds.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a museum to go to.
What area would you like to be in?
I do not care. I would just like some info on the one you think is best.
Okay I recommend cafe jello gallery in the west please.
What is the entrance fee and address?
It is free, and located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
Okay. That was in the West Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free. Thank you. Goodbye.
I am glad that I could assist you today. I hope you have a wonderful evening. Bye bye.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
[Nandos] is a Portuguese restaurant in South. Is this OK?
What is the price range there?
Nandos is in the cheap price range.
Excellent. What is their address and phone number?
The phone number and address are 01223 327908 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye!
You're welcome. Good bye.


Hi, I was wondering if there was a swimming pool that an out of town person could use while visiting.
I have four, what area were you looking to swim in?
Any of them will be ok I also need the postcode and area it's in.
I recommend [kings hedges learner pool] in the north the postcode is cb42xh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a good [Turkish] restaurant that's moderately priced?
There are 2 and they are both in the centre. Anatolia & efes restaurant. Which do you prefer? Would you like a reservation?
Can I get more information about [Anatolia]?
Moderate Range Turkish food. Phone, 01223362372. Anything else?
Can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb21uj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also want to book a taxi. Can you help me with that?
Where will the taxi be leaving from and going to?
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. I want to leave the restaurant by [5:15] sharp
You'll be in a white Skoda and the contact number is 07935 536 503. Can I confirm, though, that you wish to leave the restaurant at 5:15 in the morning?
Yes, I want to leave the restaurant by 05:15.
Great - you are all set with your white Skoda. Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that will be all
Great! Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find one?
There are many options for places to stay any preferences such as area or rating?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2.
Unfortunately we don't have anything that matches all of those requirements. Which are your top priorities?
Can you check instead for 3 stars?
I have three places. What area do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference for the area. Can you recommend 1 of the 3? I need to book a room.
I would recommend the [hamilton] house in the north. When would you like to book a room for?
That sounds great. Lets see if you can book it for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.
I was able to book you for Hamilton Lodge for 2 people and 2 nights. Your Reference number is : 2SR5W0RP . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Thursday. I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Norwich.
We have many trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in Norwich on Thursday. Do you need a specific departure or arrival time?
I am looking to arrive no later than [12:45]. I have no preference for departure time. Thank you.
I'd recommend TR7779, it departs at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'll actually need 2 tickets please.
Booked! Total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 620VR2VS .
Thanks for all of your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything, thanks again.
enjoy your time with us!


I am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town.
There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east however. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.
No I want to stay in the centre. Can you check if there are any concerthalls?
The man on the moon is in the centre part of town. It's address is 2 norfolk street. Would you like me to reserve a ticket?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for [The Man on the Moon]?
The postcode for The Man on the Moon is cb12lf. You will need to give them a call at 01223474144 to find out the entrance fee.
I am also looking for a cheap [vietnamese] restaurant.
There is a vietnamese restaurant called [Thanh Binh] on the west side of town. It is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Ok, I'd like to book a table for 6 people at [17:15] on friday. Please give a reference number as well, thanks!
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the time you requested. Reference number IYKHKOC7 .
I'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time. I need a contact number and the car type.
Alright, I have your Taxi booked. It will be a Blue Volvo, contact number: 07461170081. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for the help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a wonderful day.


I am looking for [Irish] food that is cheap. I will need their phone number too.
There are no Irish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
How about [Vietnamese] food?
The only restaurant meeting your criteria is Thanh Binh in the west. Their phone number is 01223 362456.


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. I'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity I care about is free wifi.
The [Allenbell] guesthouse is fairly new and is located on the east side of town. Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for this weelkend
Will you be arriving at the hotel on Friday? How many days and how many people are in your party?
Actually, I just realized the Allenbell won't work as it is in the east. I need a gueshouse that is located in the centre. Do you have anything in that area?
I am sorry I have no guesthouses in the centre.
well that all I need thank you
Are you sure you don't need assistance in finding a hotel? I have many options to consider!
You can just end the convo. It's an option. You don't have to keep going read the directions. Makes it hard for other workers
If that is all you need today then have a good day. Goodbye.


How do I find the closest police station?
Hello! It is located at postcode CB11JG. If you need directions I recommend calling them at 01223358966. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. So that is post code and phone number for the nearest police station, right?
That is correct, you have a good day.


I need some help finding a train to Cambridge.
I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where will you be departing from, and on what day would you like to travel?
Departing from peterborough on friday. I should arrive by [10:00]
And what time would you prefer to leave?
I would like to arrive by 10:00
There are 8 entries that match that. Is there any time that you want to leave?
Doesn't matter. Just pick one.
The TR1662 leaves Peterborough at 05:19, arrives Cambridge 06:09. Care to book a ticket?
Yes. Actually, I would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.
Ok, the train was successfully booked. The total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: AYILO5E4
I am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves [korean] food.
There are no establishments that fit your specifications, unfortunately. Would you like to search for a different type of cuisine, or a different price range?
Why don't you try [vietnamese] food.
There is one vietnamese restauarant in the area, would you like me to book that?
Yes, please book it. I would also like the address.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. How many people people and for what day and time?
I just needed that info. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thats all i wanted thank you
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Are there any places to stay in the centre of town?
We have 5 places to pick from in the centre of town, any other preferences?
It should be a guesthouse, have 0 stars and include free parking.
I have the el shaddai located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to make reservations?
As long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. I'd like to book for 3 nights starting Wednesday.
[El Shaddi] meets all your criteria, how many people will I be making a booking for?
I would like that for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday please.
Great your stay is reserved! Reference CC8X41QU . Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for places to go in the same area.
There are many places to go in the centre. What type of activity would you like? Are you interested in activities that are free or cost money?
Mutliple sports would be nice.
I don't have any multiple sports attractions in the centre, but I have one in the East. Would you like to hear about it?
nah, i just realized i hate sports. a lot. how about nightclubs?
You are in luck, we have 6 nightclubs. I'd recommend [Club Salsa].
Can I have the address, postcode, and entrance fee
Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, CB12JB, and there is a 5 pound entrance fee.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our service!


I am looking for a hotel called [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House].
There is an Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located at 5 Mowbray Road. Would you like me to provide you with any more information or help you book the hotel?
Great I am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting sunday
I'm sorry, I can't book at Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Would you like a shorter stay?
Yes, 1 night is fine.
Great, you're all set. Your reference number is WK3E72PX
Thank you. Good-bye.
thank you very much bye


I'm needing to find a train that goes to Cambridge. I want to arrive by [13:15].
I can certainly help you with that. What day are you traveling, and what is your departure station?
I need to leave from Leicester on Saturday.
The latest train to get you there in time would be train TR6210. It departs at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54. Would that work for you?
I think so, how much does that one cost per ticket?
The price is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses in the east side of the city?
Yes, there are 6 guesthouses on the east side. Do you have a price range?
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse that includes free parking.
Sure the [carolina bed and breakfast] meets that criteria. Should we book a room?
Can you give me a price first?
I am sorry, I can't view that information at the time. But you can call them at 01223247015.
I will also need the postcode and the star rating of that guesthouse please.
The Carolina B&B is located in post code CB13NX, and has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's everything, I think. Thank you for all the help!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the north.
I'm really sorry about this but my computer doesn't show any sports attractions in the north at this time. Would you like me to do another search?
Could you try a swimming pool instead?
We have two swimmingpools. I recommend [Kings Hedges Learner Pool] found at jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Cool, what's their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353248. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant.
There are many options for Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in? Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate, and close to the pool, please.
I am showing 4 chinese restaurants. 3 in the centre area and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for something in the north near the pool.
Okay I have one in the north called the [Golden Wok]. would you like their address or phone number?
Yes, that will work thank you,
Ok! Their address is 191 Histon Road, Chesterton and the phone number is 01223350688.
Can you book me a table for 6 people at [18:45] on Saturday?
I have made your reservations and your reference number is GNC4U1ZN .
I'll also need a taxi. I want to go from the pool to the restaurant and get there in time for that reservation.
Ok, I've got you a taxi. It will be a red volkswagen, contact number : 07542576951. Can I help with anythign else today?
that is it for today. thanks for helping
thanks for using our services. good day


Can you help me find a place to eat serving [british] food in the moderate price range?
can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
It needs to be close to my hotel and open late.
I have several listings. Please provide the part of town you prefer so I can narrow it down.
In the centre if possible
How about [the oak bistro] located at 6 lensfield road. The post code is cb21ab and phone number 01223323361. Can I book this for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 6 at [16:45] on Wednesday? Could i get a reference number too please?
Ok. I have a table for 6 booked for you at the Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 9SGIM1SR . Is there anything else I could help with today?
Yes, I'd like a hotel in the same area.
sure I can help you with that, when are you planning your stay?
Wednesday, for 2 nights.
You have your choice of an expensive or moderate price range in that area, do you have a preference?
i dont mind any price.
I recommend university arms hotel. it is rated 4 stars and is expensive. Their number is 01223351241.
Ok, can you book a room for our group or are you expecting me to call them?
I can book it for you.
I actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. I don't need free parking. I will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on Wednesday, please.
No thank you that will be all for today


I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [italian] food. Can you help me?
There are 9 Italian restaurants in town, did you have a price range in mind?
I would like a moderately-priced restaurant.
I found [Pizza Express] on Regent Street, would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, book it for 3 people at [14:45] on Monday.
Oh dear. I was unable to make that reservation. Could we try another time?
Yes, could we try for [13:45]. That would work for me.
I've booked it for 13:45 and your reference number is XEO5JPU2 . Can I help you any further?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.
What type of place would you like to go to?
I want to go to a museum.
I have about 11 different museums in the centre of town. Do you have any certain type of museum in mind. I have art museums, one with antiques, etc.
Whichever one you think, and please provide etrance fee as well.
They are all free. There is [williams art and antiques], I like that one.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the two places?
Where would you like to leave from and what time?
I just need to ensure the taxi gets me from the museum to the restaurant by my reservation time. Can you swing that?
I got you a red tesla taxi. The contact number is 07456538406.
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Enjoy your trip and please call back if you need anything else.


Greetings, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and am looking for entertainment venues in the centre of town.
There are 5 different entertainment venues in cambridge, however known are located in the centre. Did you want to visit on in a different part of town? Maybe the east?
No I prefer the centre area.
We don't have anything listed under entertainment for the centre area, but there are a variety of other things to do. Are you interested in the theater or perhaps the cinema?
What about a museum in the center of town -- is there anything like that?
The [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology] is located in the center of town.
Thank you can I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?
Sure, there isn't an entrance fee, that's nice. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz.
I also need a train.
there are several trains, where is your departure and when?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage. I need to leave after [12:30] on Saturday.
It appears that TR6998 will be your best bet. It leaves at 13:21.
Okay, sounds good. Will you book that for 4 people and get me a reference number, please?
I have a 13:21 train departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:10 on Saturday. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect!
Alright, your train tickets have been booked and your reference number is ZEWG9O60 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all, I got the reference number. Have a great day.
It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any questions that may arise.


Where can I find a restaurant located in the Cambridge centre?
There are 69 Restaurants in Centre. What type of food and price range?
I'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.
There are 44 attractions in the centre, what type of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the centre. I need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type
I would suggest all saints church. It is an architecture attraction. Their phone number is 01223452587 and the entry is free.
Thank you for the information. I do have one other request. I am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called [Fitzbillies].
Fitzbillies is a fine British restaurant located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre in postcode cb21rg. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. I would like it for 1. [15:15] on Tuesday.
Ok. I have your table booked for Tuesday at 15:15. Your reference number is B6IJH1ND . They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Great! Can you also book me a taxi from [All Saints Church] to [Fitzbillies] by [15:15]?
You bet! The car type I booked for your taxi is a white volvo and the contact number is 07738755446
Great. Thank you so much!
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am excited about visiting a particular attraction in Cambridge. Can you help me?
We have 79 attractions listed at this time. Was there anything in particular you were looking for?
I am looking for the [fitzwilliam museum]
The fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. What is the postcode?
No problem. The post code for the fitzwilliam museum is cb21rb. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free wifi.
We have at least 33 four star hotels with internet, would you like one close to the museum?
yeah sure why not! that would be dope!
Ok, I can book you a room at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Is that good?
Yes please. Book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning Monday. I need a reference number.
I have confirmed your booking at arbury lodge guesthouse for 3 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is WAI4ET4D . Would you like help with anything else?
No thank you, you been so helpful, have a wonderful day!
Thank you for using our system!


I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [canapes] food.
There are no records matching your criteria. Would you like a different type of food or area?
Is there a [asian oriental] type food available?
[Saigon City] serves Asian Oriental food and is in the north part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course!
The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you goodbye.
your welcome. thanks for calling


I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Wednesday.
The TR3702 to london kings cross departs wednesday at 05:00.
Wonderful! How much is that ticket? When does it arrive? Where does it depart from?
The train arrives by 05:51 and departs from Cambridge, the price is 23.60 pounds.
Now that I think about it, I will need a way to get from Stevenage to Cambridge. I'd like to take a train on Wednesday and arrive by [12:30].
There are 3 trains that would work for you. The TR4626 arrives at 10:43. Would you be interested in that one?
What is the travel time for that train?
Train TR4626 departing from stevenage and arrivign at cambridge at 10:43 is 12.80 pounds.
Great I'm also looking for a park in cambridge.
Sure, cherry hinton water play, milton country park, sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, wandlebury country park are free, cambridge university botanic gardens is four pounds.
Please just pick a great park for me and provide the postcode.
Sure! Cherry Hinton Water Play is at postcode cb18dw. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all I needed! You've been a big help!
You are welcome, goodbye.


Where's Addenbrookes Hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I need the phone number, and postcode.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please tell me when hospital visiting hours extend until.
I'm sorry but it does not give me that information. Would you like me to call them for you?
No, but thank you for all of your help. Bye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


i am looking for a swimming pool.
Sure, which part of town are you looking for?
The area doesn't really matter, can you pick a popular me for me?
[Parkside Pools] is centrally located and their address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a [sri lankan] restaurant.
I'm sorry. I'm not able to find anything that meets your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
hmm, what about [chinese] food?
Sure I've found an expensive place named [yu garden] in the east, would you like me to book something?
Yes, I'd like to take my husband there at [11:30] on Wednesday.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number: 5R5C75ZP .
I'd also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant that arrives by the reservation time.
Sure. What time would you like to leave?
As long as it arrives by 11:30 it doesnt matter when it leaves
Would you like me to reserve it for you.
Yes, please. I'll need the contact number and car type.
You're all set! It's a grey volvo. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the contact number is 07174343971.
Thank you, you were a great help. That's all I needed.
welcome and have a great day
have great day too
I'll be going now. Good-bye


I would like a a decent [chinese] restaurant
I have located 4 Chinese restaurants in the moderate price range. Does this sound good?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking and has a 3 star rating.
You can stay at the [Gonville Hotel] in the Centre of town, or [The Lensfield Hotel] in the South of town. They are both expensive. Would you like one of those?
Possibly. Does either include both free wifi and free parking?
They both have free parking and internet, would you like me to book a room for you?
No, please choose the best one. I need the area, postcode and address for them.
The [Lensfield Hotel] is located in the south, at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Are there any good [bistro] restaurants in the centre?
I'm unable to locate any Bistro options in the centre. Would you like help with anything else?
What about [Indian] cuisine?
We have a few restaurants of that cuisine, is there a price range you'd like to look for?
No price range preference. What is your recommendation?
then i will recommend [saffron brasserie]. it is a nice expensive restaurant. can i book for you?
That sounds great, could I get their address and phone number?
The address is Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 012233574679.
Ok, that should be all for me. Thank you so much for all of your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Get me the address to the police station nearest me.
The nearest Police Station is Parkside Police Station and the telephone is: 01223358966. Here is the address: Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG
Thanks so much for the information.
No problem! Have a good one.


Any trains running on thusday?
Yes I have 404 trains that day,where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.
Where will you be going?
I am going to the Standsted airport and would like to arrive by [08:00]. What would the travel time be on that?
I have train TR7966 leaving at 5:40 and arriving at 6:08. Would you like to book that?
No tickets right now, thanks, but what's the total travel time for that train?
The travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I need some place to go in the centre.
Is there a specific type of attraction you'd like? Or would you like for me to make a recommendation?
Can you make a recommendation and proved the entrance fee and postcode?
Great saint mary's church is located at cb23qp and it is 2 pounds to enter.
Great. Thank you. That's all.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town. Can you tell me about my options?
The Huntingdon Marriott is expensive, and I also have the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. Are you interested in one of these?
What do you have with a rating of 1 star?
There are no 1 star hotels in that part of town. Is there another area you might be interested in?
No, it has to be in the west. A 4 star place would be okay, as long as it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.
No hotels meet your criteria. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, I definitely want a hotel in the West. I need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting Saturday.
Sorry, there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Could you change your criteria?
Is the [Cambridge Belfry] available for 4 nights starting Saturday for 6 people?
Unfortunately, no. Can we try a shorter stay period?
Are there any four star hotels in the west?
Yes, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
TO recap, I need a hotel in the West, four stars.
[huntingdon marriott hotel] and [the cambridge belfry] are 4 star hotels in the west. The second hotel is cheap & the first is expensive, which would you prefer?
I'd rather have the least expensive one. What star rating is it?
It is a 4-star rating.
OK, can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the west part of town? Any one is fine.
Both of these hotels are booked. Would you like to change any of your parameters?
Let me try again. I am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people. Checking in on Saturday, 5 nights.
That worked, thank you for summarizing for me. Your reference number is U0E4KO2T . Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a Hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please recheck that you can't book that.
I have that all worked out for you, the reference code is MQ7AMF1M . The hotel is the Cabdrife Butterfly.Is there anything else you need?
No, I'm sorry that was so confusing. It appears I have 2 hotels, but that is better than 0. Have a good day. Bye.
You have a good day also. Bye.


Hello! I need helping finding a train departing from cambridge. Can you help me with this?
I sure can. Can you tell me what day you want to travel and where you are headed?
Yes, I need to get to Ely on Sunday for a [15:15] appointment.
I have a Tr5412 departing at 13:50 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book it and I need a reference number please
How many tickets would you like?
Book for one person only
I have you booked on the TR5412 departing Cambridge for Ely on Sunday at 13:50. Your reference is RYXMCEFX . Can I help you more today?
I also need to find an attraction in the east area.
There are 10 attractions in the area of east. cambridge artworks is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!
You are welcome. Have a great day. Bye.


I'm looking for a specific hospital by the name of Addenbrookes.
That hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need more information?
Yes. I'd like to know their phone number please.
Telephone : 01223245151 is their telephone number
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Good bye.
You are welcome. Please call back if you need anything else.


I'm looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.
I have 44 results for attractions in the town centre, could you be more specific on what type of attraction you would like to visit?
Do you have any nightclubs?
Yes, there is a place called the [Ballare] nightclub. Does that interest you or do you want me to find something else?
Can I get their phone number and address please.
You can find the ballare at heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great. I also need train schedule information going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.
I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what day you will be travelling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by [20:00].
Alright, when would you like to leave by?
It doesnt matter when I leave, as long as it arrives by 20:00. The booking should be for 8 people as well.
Great! I was able to get you 8 tickets for thursday. Your reference number is 8E1G3PPD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You, as well. We can end the conversation now!
I'll take care of that right now. Bye!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant
Ok, I'm showing a number of cheap restaurants in town. Which area do you prefer ?
I want somewhere in the center .
There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there any particular type of food you desire?
I made a mistake. I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I have two restaurants available, do you prefer Italian or Indian food?
I prefer [Indian] food.
royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north.
Is there anything else?
There is nothing else in the Indian and cheap in the north part of town.
How about that [Italian] restaurant?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the north. It's address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
Thank you for the information. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!


I need a place to stay in the south.
I show 4 locations available. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.
I have found 2 guesthouses in the south in the moderate price range. The aylesbray lodge guest house has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect! Please book it for me. Thank you!
I need to know the day and how many people will be staying, please?
How about you try to search for a type of the guest house without certain dates?
There are the two guesthouses that were mentioned previously, if you would like to see if there are other options, you will need to broaden your search requirements.
I would like to know more about the Aylesbray Lodge, do you have the address and can you tell me whether they offer free parking?
They do indeed have parking and their location is 4 mowbray road. I can book this for you if you'd like, I just need to know details about your stay.
That's all the info I need about the guesthouse, but I also need to book a train leaving on Friday.
See where that train will be coming from. I mean where will you be leaving from?
I need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford
There are 5 trains going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford on Friday. Do you have a preference in time?
I just need to get there by [2:30 PM] is all.
TR4076 departs from bishops stortford going to cambridge on Friday. It leaves at 1:29pm and arrives at 2:07pm. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 4 people, and can you give me a reference number?
We have it booked for 4 tickets. Your reference number is B5DD4PQW . The total fee is 40.40 GBP.
That is all I needed today and I thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Goodbye!


I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.
There are many places located in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Do you mind narrowing your search preferences?
Yes I need a hotel in the East and 2 stars with free wifi.
The [express by holiday inn cambridge] is the only options fitting your preferences. Would you like me to reserve a room?
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on Thursday
You are booked for Express by Holiday Inn for 3 nights starting Thursday night. Your reference number is LEHR9ZYQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?
Unfortunately, no. Are there any other attractions you are interested in?
Oh no, ok. What about a college?
There are more than a few colleges in that area - would you like to avoid the ones with entrance fees?
Sure. Could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?
Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap, phone 01223334200. Can I help with anything else?
Great can I also get a taxi between the hotel and [emmanuel college]? I want to leave the attraction by [19:15] please.
I've successfully booked a taxi leaving Emmanuel College at 19:15 -- it'll be a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07103614017 if you have any issues.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes thank you so much.
You are welcome, if you need anything else, just contact us we are always happy to help.


I want to see local sights, can you help?
Yes, there is a wide variety, do you have an activity type that your are interested in?
I like hiking and seeing historical sites.
I'm sorry, there does not seem to be a historical site or hiking area in Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the cheap price range?
Sure, I can help you with that. What section of town were you looking for?
i don't really care about the area.
Okay. Are you interested in hotels that offer internet and/or parking?
Doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. I just want it to be a 0 star hotel.
[City Cenrtree North and B] is a cheap hotel,would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, 6 people for 5 nights and we would be arriving Monday.
I'm sorry, I seem to be having an error in my system. You want a booking at the citycentre north B&B for 6 people, 5 nights, on Monday?
Yes, a guesthouse is fine. I was looking for zero stars and in the cheap price range.
Then the city centre north b and b is what you want, shall I book you?
Yes, please book it for me.
I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available would you like me to try a different day or guesthouse?
Let book the same but on Tuesday instead.
Booking was successful for Tuesday. Your Reference number is : 0J3V1091 .
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. Perhaps the college. Can you tell me the postcode for the college?
There are 18 colleges in town. I recommend [christ's college] in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu.
Great, thanks. I don't need anymore help. Goodbye!
I'm happy I could help today. Goodbye!


I just had a fender bender and got caught up in a fight with the other driver. I need some assistance please!
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Can I get the address and postal code?
Sure thing! The address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postal code is CB11JG.
Thanks so much for your help!
You are very welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all for today. Thanks.
Have a great day!


Will you help me find a [portuguese] restaurant in the east please?
I'm sorry, I couldn't find any Portuguese restaurants in the east. Shall we look in a different part of the city instead?
Are there any that are in the expensive price range?
I'm sorry. There are no expensive Portuguese restaurants in the city. There is, however, a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south and another in the centre. Do either of those interest you?
How about a restaurant that serves [British] food then?
[Graffiti] is an expensive British restaurant on the west side. It's a fantastic place. Would you like to book a table there?
Yeah. That sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at [19:30] on wednesday?
Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: NMC7VCAK .
Great! I am also looking for information about a train. Can you help me with that?
Yes I can what time will you be departing and from what location?
I would like to go from Cambridge to Ely on Thursday.
Ok, the first train leaves at 05:50 and every two hours after from there, the irde takes 17 minutes and the cost is 4.40 pounds.
That's all I need.
Would you like me to reserve your train tickets?
Yes please. I'll need a departure time, travel time, and price. Thank you.
The TR1923 departs form Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. The travel time is 17 minutes, and the cost is 4.40 pounds. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect, thank you.
Great! Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need today, thank you.
Let me know if you need more help, bye.


Hi, Are there any theatres in the south part of town?
Yes, The Junction Theatre is in the South part of town. Would you like their phone number and postcode?
Yes, and I would also like to know the entrance fee.
The Junction is located on Clifton Way, CB17GX. They can be reached at 01223511511. Unfortunately I do not have any information on their entrance fees. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]. Is that in Cambridge?
Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is on 138 Perne Road, in the east of the city. Do you need more information about it, or a booking?
I need to know if they have internet service.
Yes, that place does have internet. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would like a booking please. It will be just me.
What is the first day you want to stay and how many nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you for all your help - I'm good to go.
Okay, is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye.
Enjoy your movie!


Could you give me information on a hotel called [alpha-milton guest house]?
The Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderately priced and is in the north area.
Can I book 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday?
I apologize, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Should I look for another hotel?
Yes, please find me another one that's available on Thursday.
How about the [Acorn guest house]? It is available on Thursday.
Sure. That sounds fine. Can you give me the reference number once you book that?
The reference number is 5F7YBB5M . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you for your time.
You.re welcome Goodbye


I AM LOOKING FOR A PLACE TO GO and it should be in the south.
There are several attractions located in the South area, such as parks, cinemas, and museums. Is there a certain type of attraction you have in mind?
Are there any swimming pools?
There are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like me to search a different area?
No, that's ok, are there any parks in the south?
Yes, there are two: Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway, and Wandlebury County Park. Entrance is free to both of them. Would you like to try one of those?
Sure, give me the info for the [Wandlebury].
it is a park located in the south. It is free of charge.
Can I get the address and postcode?
the address is fen causeway, newnham road, and the postcode is cb22ad
I would also like a reservation at a a [Jamaican] restaurant in that area for seven people at 12:45, if there is none [Chinese] would also be good.
I'm sorry, there are no Jamaican restaurants in the area, but there are three [Chinese] restaurants in the south. What price range are you looking for?
The price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at [12:45] on Wednesday. Can you give me the reference # once it's booked?
Alright, I've made a booking at [The Lucky Star], for Wednesday at 12:45, for 7 people. The reference number is R9H9B14D . Is there anything else?
Nope. Thanks for all your help.
Okay, goodbye and good day!


Where can I go that is located in the west in town?
What type of attraction or places are of interest for you?
Churches could be interesting
I do not see any churches in our system in that area. Do you have another attraction type that you would like to see?
Anything in the west will do. What's your favorite?
I'm so sorry, there must have been an error in our system. [Clare Hall] is a church in the west and is free to visit.
Thanks for the correction. Can you please get me their phone number?
their phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! I'm also looking for an [African] restaurant, near Clare Hall. Can you help out with that?
I'm sorry, we don't have an African restaurants near Clare Hall.
Okay, how about one that serves [Indian] food?
We have 6 options. Do you prefer expensive or moderate pricerange?
I want expensive please.
I have 5 options. I'd recommend cocum or india house. Does one of those sound good?
My sister loves [India House]. That sounds great. Can you book a table for 8 at [12:30] on Saturday, please?
I am not able to make that booking. Is there something else I can help you with?
Do they have anything available at [11:30]?
I was able to book a table for 8 at 11:30 Saturday at India House. Your reference number is 157YLNUA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need some help finding a train. I'm going to Cambridge on Tuesday.
Certainly. Where are you departing from?
I's sorry, I meant to say LEAVING from Cambridge on Tuesday, heading to King's Lynn. I need to arrive by [16:00].
There are eleven trains that will get you there by then, for how many people?
What is the cost per ticket?
The price is $9.80 pound per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Okay thank you very much.
We are happy to help. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's everything.
I'm sorry, I may have misunderstood. The train hasn't been booked yet, should I book it for you now?
Sure, go ahead. Thank you.
Alright, you're booked. Anything else you need from me?
No, that's all, thank you!
How many people will need a ticket for the train?
I am so sorry for the misunderstanding. I don't wish to book at the moment. I am all set. Have a great day. Bye.
No problem. You have a great day also. Bye.


I am trying to find a [Jamaican] restaurant
We don't have any Jamaican restaurants here. Would you like to try something else?
How about a expensive [mediterranean]?
There are two restaurants, La Mimosa or Shiraz
let's book a table at [Shiraz].
Can I get what day,time and how many people will be dining?
Monday [at noon] and five.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: QJI9U6C7 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
I recommend [acorn guest house] on 154 chesterton road would you like me to book?
Can I get the address, postcode and price range of that hotel?
It is a moderate priced guesthouse. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Can I book you any rooms?
Sure, that would be great. one person for 2 nights please.
What day will you be arriving?
The same day, I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel and restaurant.
I need to know the time you want to leave.
Wednesday, I need to arrive to the restaurant by my booked time.
I think we've almost mixed up your bookings! To clarify, you'd like a hotel reservation starting on Wednesday? Your restaurant booking is set for Monday. We can make changes!
What was I thinking! I wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at [12:30] on Wednesday. Please change my booking at Shiraz.
So you would like to cancel the other booking?
I need to change it to Wednesday at 12:30 for 1 person. The others can't make it. Sorry.
No worries. Your table for 1 is reserved and your reservation code is GKDDPL1M . The table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
No, please find me a zero star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking
Sorry I don't have any 0 star hotels with that criteria.
Any stars would be fine.
I'm so sorry but i'm confused. What would you like me to search for your place to stay?
I am looking for a hotel with a zero star rating with both free wifi and parking, please.
There are two cheap guesthouses meeting your needs: el shaddai in the centre and city centre north b and b in the north. Which do you prefer?
i highly recommend el shaddai. it is cheap. can i book?
[El Shaddai] is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse in the centre. Will that work for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode and address please.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am looking for a restaurant please.
Okay! What kind of restaurant would you like to dine at?
One that serves [modern American] food.
I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to try a different food type?
I guess I can do [Spanish] food, try to find something in the Centre area, please.
There are two options for Spanish food in the centre. One is moderately priced while the other is considered cheap. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the moderately priced one please.
It's called [la tasca]. I'll need more information if you'd like to book a table.
Can I get a table for 3 at [11:30] on Thursday?
it is booked here is your ref number 3OUG57S3 .
I also looking for a train to Cambridge, arriving by [8:45].
Sure, and what day would you like to travel?
The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester.
The TR7583 leaves at [6:09]. Do you want to book it?
Does that arrive before 8:45?
yes it arrives at 07:54. is that fine with you?
Yes, that will work out just fine. thank you
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need to book it, actually. But how long is the ride?
It's a 105 minute ride.
What is the departure time?
It departs at 06:09. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's everything I need today.
I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a delightful visit. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food.
Yes, I found a few restaurants. What area would you like to eat in?
I would like it to be in the East and it should be cheap
There is one restaurant that matches your request. It is called [The Missing Sock] and is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Do you want their phone number?
I need to book a table for 6 on Sunday at [19:15] please, and can I get the reference number?
I was able to successfully place that reservation for 6 on Sunday at 19:15 under reference number XOOQ0N5D . The table is reserved for 15 minutes. Will this be all?
I need to find a train to get to the restaurant. I want to arrive by [16:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and going to cambridge.
I have a train from London King's Cross to Cambridge that arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
thank you that will be all
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for places to go in the east side of town.
I have many places on the east side. Would you like a museum or maybe a boat?
I would like a boat type. Thank you.
[Camboats] is available in the east area their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton
Thank you, can I get the postal code and phone number as well?
Sure, their postcode is cb58sx and their phone number is 01223902112. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes. I need a hotel with a star rating of 0 that includes free parking.
We have 2 choices city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre, both are guesthouses in the cheap range.
Whichever one provides free parking and is at least a 4 star will work. Please book and provide a reference number.
They both offer free parking but they are both 0 stars.
Alright pick one then.
Alright, I just need to know how many people will be staying there, from what day, and how many nights, please?
Does it have internet?
El Shaddai is 0 stars and has internet and parking. How many people will be staying?
I'm not booking it now, just gathering information which you have provided. Thank you very much! That is all I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I was hoping that you could find a restaurant for me.
What type of food do you want?
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the center of town that serves [Turkish] food. Thanks.
There are 3 choices, 2 moderately priced and 1 expensive. Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one sounds good can you give me the address and phone number? Can you also find me a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.
Anatolia, 30 Bridge Street cb21uj, phone number 01223362372. [Gonville Hotel] is 3 stars and has free wifii. Would you like a reservation?
Yes and I need the reference number thank you
I need a day that you will be arriving for the hotel reservation.
Nevermind, I won't be needing that reservation after all. Thank you!
No worries. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
May I please have the postcode, address, and hotel type?
Sure! It is a hotel and is located on Gonville Place with the postcode CB11LY.
Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
Thank you, I'll let you know if I need anything else.
Have a nice day.


I need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge.
There are many trains. What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Friday after [21:45] please.
Train TR6769 fits what you're looking for. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I just need to know the travel time of the train at the moment.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?


I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre of Cambridge.
If you are interested in Chinese food, there is Rice House located at 88 Mill Road City Centre in the cheap price range.
I prefer [Russian] food actually.
I can't find any cheap Russian restaurants. Are you open to moderate price?
No. It really does need to be cheap. What about [chinese] in the centre?
There are 3 restaurants matching that, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House.
I want to book a [Golden House] table for 1 person at [16:30] on sunday.
Great your reservation is all set, the reference number is D6VCX5IA
Could you also help me book a train for Monday?
I'd be glad to help, where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to birmingham new street
We have five trains going that way. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by [12:45]
I have booked you for trainID TR1111 for 23.60 pounds. It will arrive to Cambridge at approximately 11:51.
Okay, what is the departure time and travel time?
Your train will leave at 11:00 and travel for approximately 51 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all, thank you.
thank you for calling.
thank you good bye.
You're welcome, and goodbye.


I want to find a cheap [Hungarian] restaurant.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What kind of cheap restaurants are there in the center of town?
A few cheap restaurants in the centre of town include Asian oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean cuisine. Do any of these interest you?
Ooh, [Italian] sounds good.
[Zizzi] Cambrdige is my recommendation. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please I need a table for 7 people at [13:30] on thursday
Unfortunately that time is not available, would you like to try another time or restaurant?
how about [12:30] then?
We have you booked for a party of 7 at zizi cambridge for 12:30. The reference number is F25II3N0 . They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
Ok, great! Can you also help me find a train going to cambridge?
Sure thing there are 1,414 trains heading to cambridge, do you have a time or location you would like to depart from?
I would like to depart from kings lynn.
There are 19 trains that day, so you have a arrival or departure preference?
I'd like to arrive no later than 9:00 in the morning.
TR8705 will arrive in cambridge at 8:58, would you like to book a ticket for this or is that cutting it too close to your time?
I can make that arrival time work. Let's book it. And what is the total price and travel time, please?
Booking for your train is successful. The total will be 68.6 for 7 people and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you for all your help, that is all I need today.
Thanks for using our system!


Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.
Yes, there is The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield road. Their phone number is 01223355017.
Do they have a guesthouse available?
No I am afraid there ae no expensive guesthouses in the south.
How about one in the moderate price range?
yes! i have two you may choose from!
Could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?
The Ayesbray [Lodge Guesthouse] has a four star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
No, just get me their phone number and I'll give them a ring
The phone number for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can help you with?


Looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?
I can we have 33 locations, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I want a guesthouse that has free parking.
I could recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It is in the North area and has a moderate price range.
Could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from Friday?
I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1PCQYQ0P
Excellent. I'm also looking for a place to visit. Can you tell me if there are any colleges in the centre area?
I'd recommend [christ's college] on saint andrews street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all?
Thanks that was all I needed.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Could you book me a taxi to [Curry Garden]?
I have you booked with a white Honda. Your contact number is 07027500870. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh, sorry, I forgot to say, I need it to arrive by [10:45], and it'll be leaving the [lan hong house].
Okay, I'm now sending you a yello Volvo which will arrive at Lan Hong House at 10:45. Contact number is 07980240916
Great. You have been very helpful. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre we are always glad to help, have a pleasant day.


I want something in the north part of town with [swedish] food.
There are no restaurants matching your requests. Would you care for a different restaurant?
Are there any [italian] restaurants in the north part of town?
yes there is one, its name is [da vinci pizzeria].
great, can you please give me its address and phone number?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you good bye.
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
Thanks!
Goodbye.


I need to find lodgings on the north side of town.
We have 13 available lodging areas in the north. Any preferences?
Some place in the north and it does not need to have free parking
There are 2 locations that match your criteria. The Alpha-Milton Guest House with a 3 star rating and the Avalon with a 4 star rating. Do either of these sound good?
Is the [Avalon] a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Avalon is a guesthouse. Would it interest you? If so, I can help you book a room if you like?
Yes please, I would arrive Tuesday and need to book for 3 people. It will be a 4 night stay. Can I get a reference number please?
I have reserved your room at the avalon, reference number 2ASA82VJ . Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you, good bye.


Can you help me find [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens]? Thanks.
Yes, cambridge university botanic gardens is a park located in the centre of town, there is a 4 pound entrance fee.
Do you know the hours that they are open?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the [copper kettle]
Ok. The copper kettle is a british restaurant located at 4 Kings Parade in city centre.
what's the postcode?
The postcode is cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi to get to the botanic gardens.
Do you need it from the restaurant? What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave by [21:15]. Could you provide a contact number and car type?
I'm looking at Yellow Lexus that will pick you up from the restaurant. The contact number is 07336692498.
Great that's all I needed, thank you.
No problem, we are always here to help. Good day!


I am trying to find the Parkside Police Station.
The police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
May I have the address please?
The only information I have is that the Postcode is CB11JG and the phone number is 01223358966.
OK, I suppose that will have to do. Thank you.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Call us again please!
I will have a great day.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a train please.
Certainly. On what day do you want me to look?
on tuesday from cambridge to norway leaving at [2030] hrs
I'm sorry, could you confirm your destination so I can get an accurate schedule.
I'm sorry, I meant norwich, not norway.
I couldn't get you to Norway but Norwich is much more doable. I've got the TR2181 to Norwich leaving at 20:36 with a fare of 17.60GBP. Would that suit you?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 1 person and provide me a reference number?
4SSOKT22 is your reference number. What else may I do for you?
No, thank you. good bye
Okay, have a great time and be safe.


Hi. I'm looking for a [Hungarian] restaurant in Cambridge that is moderately priced. Can you help me?
I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in Cambridge. Can I find a different type of restaurant for you?
Hmm, well maybe [british] food if you have anything.
I have found several British restaurants. Do you have any other criteria?
No can you recommend one?
If you ask me, [the Oak Bistro] is the place to go. They are in the centre of town and are moderately priced but the food is delicious.
That sounds great. Can you reserve us a table? We're a party of 3 and would like to eat at [16:15] on Wednesday.
I'm not able to make a reservation at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about [15:15]. Also Im looking for a train that should arrive by [10:00] and depart from Kings Lynn.
I was able to successfully reserve your table for 15:15. Your reference number is TA9U3QQC . For the train, what day would you be traveling?
I am traveling on Wednesday, the same as for the restaurant.
I have train TR1612 that arrives in Cambridge at 09:58. Would you like for me to make you a reservation? How many seats will you need?
I need 3 seats same for the restaurant as well.
Ok great, can you please confirm the desired destination?
I need to go to Cambridge.
There are 5 trains that match your request, would you like me to book one of them?
Any of those would be fine. Thank you. For 3 people and can I have the reference number?
Sorry for the misinformation, I must have typo'd. The TR8044 leaves Kings Lynn 09:11, arrives Cambridge 09:58. I've booked you 3 seats, total 29.4GBP, payable at the station. Ref#WYQ30HTP .
OK, thanks, that's what I needed.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks so much.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Any chance you can direct me to where I can locate a cheap room for the night?
Sure, we have a lot of cheap places to stay. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
A guest house, with free parking, would be just the thing.
Might I suggest the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]? They're cheaply priced, ranked 4 stars, and they do offer free parking.
That sounds perfect, actually. Can you book me a room on Thursday for 5 people for a 4 night stay?
That booking was successful, your reference number is D3Q7SAFM . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that gives me everything I need.
OK great. Have a nice day. Bye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Thai] food.
I have to options for Thai food in the expensive price range, Bangkok City and Sala Thong.
Is there anything else?
Those are the only results for expensive Thai food.
May I have the address and postcode for [Sala Thong], then?
The address of Sala Thong is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and the postcode is C.B 3, 9 E.Y.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Are there any [crossover] restaurants in the west?
There are no crossover restaurants in the west is there another area you'd like me to look in?
How about looking for crossover restaurants that are expensive. Doesn't matter the area.
No I am truly sorry. Something else perhaps?
How about one that serves [European] food?
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] is a European place in the west that is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, postcode, and address please?
Absolutely. They are located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road, City Centre. Their phone number is 01223355166. Their postcode is cb30dq. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like a train to bishops stortford please.
I can help you with that. Just to confirm, are you departing from Cambridge or another city?
Yes, departing from Cambridge on Monday. I'd like to get to Bishops Stortford by [18:00], if possible.
Train TR4283 arrives at Bishops Stortford by 6:07 and costs 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
Yes please. Book that.
Sorry, that would be 16:07 for arrival time. Can you confirm how many are traveling?
I am traveling by myself. I need the train ID also after you book.
I take that back, the TR4283 definitely arrives at 06:07, and departs at 05:29. The booking was successful. The total will be 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number:2P9BM67Z .
Great. Thank you!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


I am looking for a restaurant serving [persian] food.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
it doesn't matter .
No restaurants serving persian food have been found.
can i have an [european] restaurant instead ?
[cambridge lodge restaurant] is in the west part of town and it is serving european food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and phone number.
The address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166. May I help you with anything else?
No, that does it. Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I would like a train going to cambridge from leicester in the morning. Can you book a seat for me and let me know the reservation number?
There are trains that leave at 9 minutes past the hour, every hour, all morning. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by [10 am] please on a Tuesday.
How about train 4734? It arrives in cambridge at 09:54.
Sounds good. I need 4 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : MRTSNQMU .
I'm also looking for a cinema to visit?
There are two- one in the south and one in the centre. Which would you like to visit?
I would like the cinema in the south please. I need the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode.
Cineworld Cinema is located in postcode cb17dy. The phone number is 00872208000 and you'll have to call them directly for entrance fee information.
Thank you so much for the information. I will call them. Have a good day.
Anytime, happy to help.
Yeah you are very welcome.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I am looking for an [italian] restaurant, cheap preferably.
There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be in the center of town, please.
There are 3 restaurants which match that criteria which are the Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like information for one of those restaurants?
Please book a table for 4 people at [Zizzi Cambridge] for [19:15] on Monday and provide me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TCYAVOO1 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for [emmanuel college]
Emmanuel College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.
Can I get the phone number?
01223334200 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi.
Where would you like to depart from, and at what time?
I need to go from the college to the restaurant by [19:15] on Monday.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow ford Contact number : 07431638056
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.
I'm glad I could help.


I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street
I can help with that! What day will you be traveling?
Tuesday, leaving sometime after [19:45].
Train TR3515 will be leaving Cambridge at 19:59 on Tuesday, and will arrive at London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you please give me a price?
The price is 16.60 pounds. How many tickets will you be needing?
thank you very much,that's2 all
If you'd like us to reserve tickets for you, please keep us in mind. We would be happy to help with that.
sure i will, thank you
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I going to be staying in the centre part of town, what is there to do at that area?
There's a lot of popular attractions in the centre of town, including boating, cinema, museums, nightclubs, and much more. Do you have a specific preference?
No, I don't have a preference. What's a good place to go to?
I would suggest the [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology]. It is located at University of Cambridge, Downing Street and has free admission.
May I get the postcode, phone number for that attraction?
Yes, the postcode is cb23dz. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like information about the [Alpha Milton guest house].
alpha-milton guest house is a moderate priced 3 start guesthouse in the north, it does not have free internet or parking. They are located at 63 milton road.
That sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 5 nights.
You are all set, the reference number is C3JA0EZJ, any further questions today?
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. If possible, I'd like to leave the museum no later than [24:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey ford Contact number : 07511988882
Great. Thank you, that will be all for now. Have a great day.
Okay. Thank you very much.


I am going on a trip to Cambridge and I would like a train leaving Wednesday around [noon].
Sure. There are many options. Where would you be departing from? And do your prefer an arrival time?
it should depart from cambridge and arrive by [08:15]
Ok great! So that I can narrow down our results, can you tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes, I am going to peterborough.
TR3730 will arrive by 07:56, would that work for you?
Yes, for four please.
I was able to book you 4 tickets for that train. Your reference number is FD20AHTB . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I'd like some information on a particular attraction called [Little Saint Mary's Church].
Sure! Little Saint Mary's Church is in the centre of the city on Little Saint Mary's Lane. The phone number is 01223366202. It has free admission.
Thats perfect and what is the entrance fee ?
There isn't an entrance fee for Little Saint Mary's Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hes, can you provide me the postcode please?
The postcode for Little Saint Mary's Church is cb21qy.
And what type of attraction is it?
It is an architecture type attraction renowned for it's stained glass windows. Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye
Glad to help. Let me know if you ever need anything else.


Can you tell what there is to do in the centre area?
There are many fun things to do in the center of town. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
Hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to nightclubs. Are there any in that area of town?
There are 5 in that area. If I may, might I suggest [The Fez Club]. They have amazing music and a great atmosphere. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat as well.
Unfortunately, my information for restaurants is not coming up. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. Can you give me the postcode and phone number to the Fez Club that you found?
Sure the phone is 01223519224 and the post code is cb23hx
Great, thanks. Now I'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 0.
I have three options for you; one hotel and two guesthouses. Does location or price range matter?
Not really and I don't need parking either.
Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.
I have one matching your criteria called [Cityroomz] located in the city center. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I do need the phone number of the hotel.
The phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the hotel by [5:00] and the attraction.
Okay I have booked a car for you and it will be a white Lexus and the driver's contact number is 07610272474.
Thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I need a place to stay with free parking. Ideas?
What area of town and what price range are you looking for?
Moderate. I'd like to stay at an actual hotel and would like free internet as well.
How about the [Ashley Hotel]? It is in the North area and is moderately priced with free internet and free parking.
Yes, actually that will work. Can you reserve a room for Friday for 7 people, 5 nights?
Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is E174AW95 . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you for the reservation! Yes, I also need a train departing on Friday.
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Thursday. I need to leave by [17:00].
There are several, could you tell me where you are departing from and going to and what time you would like to arrive by?
I'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on Friday and departing from Leicester.
What is your destination?
I'll be going to Cambridge and need to arrive by [09:00].
The TR4256 train leaves leicester at 7:09 and arrives at cambridge at 8:54 on Friday. Would you like me to book it or more information?
That sounds great, can you book passage for 7, please?
Booking was confirmed. The total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YYGDU1VR .
Awesome! Thank you for all of your help, this was easier than I thought it would be.
Welcome, enjoy your day!


I'd like to find some information about the [Allenbell] hotel.
Absolutely! The Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. They offer their guests free wifi and parking. Would you like any other info?
Perfect! Can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
Your booking is successful! Your reference number is VLS0WVD3 .
Great! That works out perfect. That's all for today. Thanks a lot. Bye!
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for an attraction called [great saint mary's church].
great saint mary's church is at Market Square, their phone number is 01223350914, and their postcode is cb23pq. Do you need any more information?
Is there price for admission? what type of attraction is it?
It's the architecture type and there is a 2 pound entrance fee.
OK thank you. I also need a place to dine that serves [austrian] and that is cheap.
Unfortunately there is not a cheap Austrian restaurant in the area, is there another type of food you would like?
What about [Chinese] food?
As for chinese food, I have 4 different restaurants. There are several in the centre of town and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
The one in the south will do. Could you give me their postcode and phone number please?
Sure, it's the lucky star Phone number is 01223244277, and postcode is cb17dy. Can I book a table for you?
I can book it myself, thanks. However, I will need a taxi from [great saint mary's church] to [the lucky star].
I can help with that. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave the church by [24:30].
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Nope, I just need to get there eventually! Please send me the contact number and car type when you get the chance, thanks!
The car type is a Black Lexus and you can contact the driver at 07315214015. Anything more today?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi, I need a really expensive restaurant.
Well there are quite a few. I see african, asian, and british cuisine. What area will you be in so that I can narrow down the search
Actually, I was confused. I'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. I'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. Something that's expensive, please. Doesn't matter if it has free parking.
Wonderful how about the huntingdon marriott. Rave 4 star accommodations and free wifi & parking
That sounds wonderful, could you please make a reservation.
For how many and for how long?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I do need the address, postcode, and area for the [Huntingdon Marriott], please.
It is located in the west on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park. Post code pe296fl.
Great! Can you also help me find a [modern european] restaurant in the south?
[Restaurant Alimentum] looks wonderful! It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road
I want to book a table for one at [14:30] on Friday.
I have a table reserved for you. The reference number is XYKUXP14 .
Thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant on time for that reservation!
I have a taxi booked with a contact number of 07582512082 car type yellow bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves [Asian oriental] food.
I'd recommend [saigon city]. Would you like to make a reservation?
That sounds great! We would like a reservation for Monday at [16:45] for 6 people. Can I get the reference number for our reservation?
Okay your reservation is all set and the reference number is O5CYZT0L .
Thank you very much. Also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the north as well?
Sure I have boating, swimming and park attractions in the North. Would you like further information on any of those activities.
We love boating. Can you give me the address of one of the nicer boating areas please?
I'd suggest the Riverboat Georgina. Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, cb43ax.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.
Well, you're welcome! You have a great day!


I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. Can you help me out?
I can, what type of food are you looking for?
We were thinking we would like some [Asian Oriental] food, if available.
There are no asian oriental places in that area of town. Would you like a different type of food?
What about [British] food in that part of town?
In british cuisine, you have three choices. Saint John's Chop House is moderately priced, while Graffiti and Travellers Rest are expensive.
Let me try [Graffiti] out. Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at [17:45]?
Your table is booked. Reference number is I8UTT26J .
cool, i need a place to stay, too.
What side of town would you like to stay on?
I don't really care. I do need free wifi, but parking doesn't really matter.
What is your price range?
I would like a three star place, if you have one.
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : I8UTT26J .
I would like to find a 3 star guesthouse that has free parking. I would need the area it is in and a phone number.
If you'd like to stay near the hotel, the [Hobsons House] is a guesthouse in the west. It is moderately priced and has free parking. Would you like information on that?
Do you mean that it is close to the restaurant? Can you give me the phone number?
Sorry, yes, that is what I meant. The phone number is 01223304906. I can book that for you if you'd like.
No, thank you. I do need to book a taxi from the hotel that arrives at the restaurant by the reservation time, though, please.
Ok, I've got you a cab from hobsons house to graffiti, arriving by 17:45. The car is a yellow lexus. Contact number : 07292320210
thank you for your help. That's all I need today.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel please?
I found two that fit your description; huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.
OK iLL GO WITH THE FIRST CHOICE THE [huntingdon marriott hotel]
That's a great hotel. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting thursday and I need the reference number.
I've got you booked with reference number L7WTALJT .
Thank you. I am also looking for a [Chinese] restaurant in the same area as the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
There are no chinese restaurants in that area,any other type of food I can check with?
Are there any Chinese restaurants within a short distance outside the area which are in the same price range as the hotel?
I would recommend the Ugly Duckling in the center of town. That's an expensive Chinese restaurant right in the middle of everything.
Excellent, can I get the address of the [Ugly Duckling]?
Of course! The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is cb21tw. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. I've like to leave the restaurant by [17:30].
I was able to book your taxi. Be looking out for a yellow BMW. If you need to reach them, please call 07101227577. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!
You're very welcome!


I want a taxi to come to [The Junction] to take me to [Kambar].
I would be happy to book that for you, what time would you like to arrive?
At [3:30] pm
You've been booked. Expect a blue Volkswagen to get you to kambar by 3:30. Their contact number is 07466224734. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!
You are most welcome!
Have a great night! Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am hurt a need to find a hospital nearby.
There is a hospital located on Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. The phone number is 0122324515. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please book a taxi to take me to [the hospital]? I am not able to get there on my own.
Okay, what is your departure site?
I don't need a taxi, I'm sorry. I just needed the postcode for the hospital.
The postcode to the hospital is CB20QQ.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed.
You are welcome. I hope you feel better soon. Goodbye.


Hi I am looking for a cheap place to dine serving [Italian] food
You have a few options for italian dining. What area of town would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter to me.
La Margherita serves Italian food in your price range. It's located in the west. Would you like additional information on this restaurant?
Yes can I have the phone number?
The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232 and they're located at 15 Magdalene Street City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at the moment. However, I am also looking for a museum. Can you assist me with that?
Absolutely! Would you like me to search for one in the same area?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am sorry but you cannot book a museum but I can provide you with information about it.
Can I get the phone number and the entrance fee then?
how about byard art? it's phone number is 01223464646 and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, thanks for all of your help. I won't be needing anything else. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I would like a four star hotel.
I can help you with that. Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
No but I need it to have free parking and cheap.
There are several like that. Would you like to book a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, or perhaps one of the others?
I'm looking for a hotel type place to stay. Are any of those hotels?
The Cambridge belfry is a four star hotel in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
[Cambridge Belfry] sounds great, can I get the reference number once you make that reservation?
What day do you want to start your stay, for how many days, and how many people?
4 people, 5 nights on saturday. If that's not available try a different one same price range.
I am sorry. I could not make that booking. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes one that is in the same price range.
[Autumn house] is a cheap guest house in the east. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. That sounds great. Please try to book it.
That one was successful! Your reference number is REZ4BR01 .
Thank you. That's all I needed today.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!


Could you tell me if there is a swimmingpool in the center of town?
Yes, [Parkside Pools] is located in the Centre of town at Gonville Place. Would you like their phone number?
No but I would like the address and entrance fee.
It's located at gonville place and unfortunately, I do not know the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to buy a train ticket departing from Cambridge, and I need to arrive by [14:30].
There are several trains that depart from Cambridge. Can you please tell me the destination and the day you would like to depart.
I'll be heading to Peterborough on Friday.
The TR0545 arrives at 13:56. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the price of that train.
It is 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a ticket?
no, thanks. That will be all. goodbye.
Have a wonderful day!


Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi. Can you help me?
Sure thing, looks like we have several options here. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or do you have a price range you're looking for?
I might, but first do they have free parking?
I have 19 places that meet your needs, all with free wifi and free parking. If you're not picky about area, I recommend the [Archway House].
Okay sounds great. Can you give me the address, phone number, and price range?
The Archway House is in the moderate price range. Their address is 52 gilbert road. The phone number is 01223575314. Do you need any other information?
Thank you. That'll do it for today, Bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, I'd like to find a museum please.
We have many museums in town - what area are you interested in?
I don't mind but I'd prefer something in the east
How does Cambridge Artworks sound? It is located on 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee?
What is the postcode?
Sure their postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day.


Hi, I need to find out if there's a train going to leicester that leaves on Monday.
There are many. From where are you departing?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
I want to leave after [09:45].
I have 14 trains available. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 9:45.
The TR6715 leaves at 10:21 and you'll arrive by 12:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the travel time please.
The travel time is 105 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need an expensive hotel with free parking.
Great I have 5 different options for you!
I specifically am looking for a guesthouse in the east if that helps narrow things down.
Unfortunately, once I add those specifications I don't have anything that fits. Did you want to try a different price range or area?
Please look for something moderately priced, then.
There are 2 choices. The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is the first. The other is the Warkworth House. Which would you prefer?
Let's go with the [Warkworth]. Please make me a booking for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is VSHQKDBQ .
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You're welcome, please let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for places to go in the east part of town.
There is a free museum at 5 Greens Road. Does that sound like it might interest you?
Yes, Is that in the east side of town? If so could you let me know the address and postcode please?
That would be the Cambridge Artworks, and yes it is on the east side. The address is 5 greens road.
Is there a [Greek] restaurant in that part of town as well?
I'm afraid I don't have any listings fro Greek food in that part of town. I do have Indian, Chinese, British and International. Would any of these cuisines do?
That's too bad. I would be interested in [British] food.
[The Grafton Hotel] Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant on the east side. Would you like a table there?
Yes please I need a restaurant for 8 people at [17:30] on saturday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: EBD7XCH8


I need a place to eat that serves [traditional] food in the centre.
I am sorry there are no listings for that type of place, can I help you find one in another area?
Are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city?
I am sorry but there is no traditional food in the cheap price range. Do you want a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about ones that serve [italian] food?
I have 3 cheap Italian restaurants located in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear them?
Yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at [14:00] please.
Sure, I've booked you at [Ask] with reference number LK2P76OS . May I help with anything else?
No, that should be all, thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal.


Hello! I am looking for information about a hotel called [aylesbray lodge guest house]. Can you help me?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest house is a guesthouse in the south side with a moderate price range. It has a rating of 4 stars and has parking & internet.
That's perfect. What's the phone number?
The phone number for the aylesbray lodge is 01223240089. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre of town. What's fun?
There are no places with the type entertainment in the center, I could look for a different type of attraction or a different part of town if you like.
Could you find an architecture attraction?
Yes, there are 5. I recommend [All Saint's Church] as it is beautiful! Would like more information on it?
Yes, I would like more information please and will you let me know what the entrance fee is?
all saints church is located on jesus lane and entry is free.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.
Thanks for using our service!


I would like to find information on boats in town
I have about 4 different attractions for boating. 2 are in the centre of town and one in the north and east. Do you have a preference on area?
No, any is fine. Can you tell me what area one of them is in and also the entrance fee?
Camboats is on the east side. Unfortunately I don't have information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Thanks.
You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all for today, goodbye.
Have a great day! Goodbye!


I need a restaurant in the centre of town.
I can book you a table at J restaurant.
I would like a restaurant that also serves [indian] food please.
There are 9 results. Is there a certain price range you are wanting?
Do you have a recommendation?
The [Curry Garden] is delicious but it is also expensive.
Great book for 2 on friday at [13:30]. I need the reference number. I need to get train tickets too then
I was able to book you at the restaurant. The Reference number is : JWD13X11 .
Great. Could you also help me with a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. I need to leave after [19:45] on Sunday.
There are four trains leaving kings lynn after 19:45. They leave hourly starting at 20:11 until 23:11. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes I need a booking for 2 people. Please book the one leaving at 20:11.
Train TR1120, departing Kings Lynn at 20:11 has been booked for 2 seats. Your reference number is O5BX1Y1G .
I'm so sorry, I misspoke, I need the train on Saturday. Is it possible to change the reservation?
The train is for Saturday you are all set
Oh ok, thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I think we've covered it all.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!


I need a taxi departing from [tang chinese].
Ok, what is your destination?
I need to get to [Downing college].
Great. Now I will just need a time.
I need to arrive by [19:30]
Alright. I have a white bmw and the contact number is 07454674026. Anything else?
No that is all I needed.
I'm sorry, I thought you wanted to leave at 19:30. You are booked for a yellow bmw with the contact number 07816577086 arriving at 19:30.
Great. Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Thank you goodbye


I am looking for information about Cambridge. What kind of places can you go in town?
I have colleges, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, etc? Is there something particular you would like to do and I can narrow it down.
A nightclub sounds fun. Is there one in the centre of town?
I have five. Would you like to try [club salsa] or the fez club?
Sounds fun, can I get entrance fee, address, and postcode.
Sure. Were you interested in club salsa or the fez club?
I think Club Salsa would be perfect. I am also looking for a train to depart from Cambridge and go to London Kings Cross.
The entrance fee is 5 pounds; the address is 1 station road; the postcode is cb12jb. What day and time are you looking to travel?
The train should arrive by [12:00]. I am looking to travel on Wednesday.
There are 4 trains available. The earliest leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that will work. Can you please give me the train ID for that booking?
Yes, it is TR3702. How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't think I will book that train just yet. Thank you for all the info. That's all I needed. Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the south, can you give me information on my options.
there is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south it is cheap, yet a 4 star.
Is that a guesthouse? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse, I want to stay in a hotel please.
We don't have any cheap hotels on the south side. You'll have to look elsewhere.
Can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the south side?
[rosa's] bed and breakfast fits your description. can we reserve?
I would like to book it for 3 nights
I'd be happy to book it for you. What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
booking was successful, confirmation # is PHSEY43R, anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably [chinese] food.
we have quite a few would you like to reserve a table
Not yet, can you find me one that is in the same area as the hotel?
I found a restaurant for you! [The Lucky Star] is a Chinese Restaurant in the south and also has a cheap price range.
That sounds great. Can i make a reservation for 4 people today at [19:15]?
The reservation for 4 people at the lucky star this wednesday at 19:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NYGDCBFX .
thank you for helping
Is there anything else I may help with?
That is all I need, goodbye
Very well, thank you for using our services. Goodbye.


I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.
Sure, there are 2 of them. I would recommend the [Lovell Lodge] at 365 Milton Road. Can I book it for you?
Does it offer free parking?
Yes, and free wifi.
Perfect. I need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. We will be arriving on Saturday.
Your room is booked! Please don't lose your reference number: XR73PKHC Is there anything else I can help with? Perhaps a restaurant reservation?
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. I'd like to eat [hungarian] food.
Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive Hungarian restaurants listed. Is there a different price range or food type that I can find for you?
How about [british] food then. expensive british food.
There are 6 great restaurants to choose from. Are you looking for a particular area of town?
No,but Im need British food for the same group of people at [17:45] on the same day
Well I have many. Shall I choose one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.
I have booked you a reservation on saturday at [the cambridge chop house]. Your reservation number is 28XENSML . Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.
Your booking is completed. Car type, yellow BMW and contact number 07980498702. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need today.
I hope you have a wonderful time.
wonderful time too
Great let us know if you need anything else. Bye!


Hi. I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me?
Train TR2775 departs from london kings cross.
No, I need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after [11:30].
The first train to Cambridge from the airport after 11:30 is TR9775, leaving at 12:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:52. Will that work?
I think so. What exactly is the travel time on that one?
The travel time on that route is 28 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. The name is [Leverton house].
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Please. I'd like a room for myself, I'll be checking in on thursday and would like to stay for two days.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that hotel with your exact details. Would you like to book on another day or for a shorter stay?
Okay, try for one night instead please.
Booking was successful for Thursday for one night. Your reference number is : GMAAU9LE . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you, and please remember you can contact us at any time if you need any further assistance! Have a great day!


I am looking for cinemas in the east
There are no cinemas in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area?
No. Is there a park?
There is 1 park in the east. The Cherry Hinton Water Play park near Cherry Hinton Hall. Would you like the phone number?
Just the entrance fee, thank you.
The [Cherry Hinton Water Play] Park offers free admission. Is there anything more I can help with?
Yes, I want to find out about [da vinci pizzeria] please.
Sure, this is an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, a table for 8 on Thursday. We'd like to dine at [12:45].
Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GBZVHZAM . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please.
Ok I made that taxi reservation. It's a blue toyota and the contact numner is 07403878307.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything more today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.


Can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range?
There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. Are you looking for free parking or free wifi?
I don't need internet. Are any of them 3 stars?
No none of them are 3 stars or 4 stars,I have a few that are 2 stars would they be okay?
If that's all that is available that's fine, I need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Thursday, please book one for me
Great! I have booked you at [Lovell Lodge] with reference number 6YI7ENAC . May I help with anything else?
No that is all I need. Thanks for your help.
Have a good day. Thank you for using our service.
Thank you! Have a great day!
You are welcome. Good bye.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
I have two restaurants. They are [Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton] and Restaurant [Alimentum].
What type of food do each of them serve?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is Italian, and Restaurant Alimentum is Modern European. Would you like information on either of them?
Yes, what is the address and phone number for [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton?
The address for pizza hut cherry hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
What type of food do they serve?
They serve italian food. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye
Goodbye again.
Goodbye.


I need help finding a hotel, please.
I can help you with anything you need. What hotel are you looking for?
I need a hote on the north with free wifi.
Ok, thanks for that information. What is your price range for the hotel?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.
We have quite a few hotels that meet your criteria. May I ask if you have a preference of how many stars?
No star preference but it should also have free parking.
We have 9 options that meet your request. Do you want me to go ahead and book the cheapest for you?
Yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you
What area do you need to be in?
I would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.
I have five places. Is there a star rating you prefer?
yes a 3 star rating at least
Hamilton Lodge is available, would you like me to book you?
No but I would like to find a train for Sunday going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge, leaving after [20:30].
Sure thing would you like me to book that for you?
First, may I have the postcode and address of the [Hamilton Lodge], please? Then, I would like the train booked.
156 chesterton road, cb41da. Now shall we finish booking the train?
Yes lets finish booking the train. I need to book for 4 people.
I have booked it Reference number is 8R9CJHWQ .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
I hope you have a nice trip. Goodbye.


I will be traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions.
Great! There are many wonderful tourist attractions in Cambridge. Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
I would like to visit a museum. What do you suggest?
There are 23 museums. Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Not in particular. Please recommend one and provide the area and entrance free.
The Byard Art museum is free and is in the South.
Thanks! I would also like to find an expensive hotel.
I have 5 hotels that meet those specifications. Do you have a area in town in mind?
The area is flexible. But I am looking for something with a 3-star rating that offers free wifi.
[Gonville Hotel] is a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi. It is located in the centre area. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting Thursday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is S56D4VON . Can I assist you further today?
I'd like a taxi please. It should pick me up at [15:30] from The [Byard Art] and drop me off at the hotel.
A blue Lexus will come to pick you up. Their number is 07670314554. What else do you need?
Thats it, thanks so much!
Glad to be of service.


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.
You have your choice of Italian or Modern European, do either of those sound good?
[Italian] sounds good. May I please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton sounds perfect for you. They're located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can for you?
Could you also help me find a place to stay?
How's you budge? could you like a cheap, expensive or moderate place?
Price isn't important. I need free parking and wifi. It also should be a 3 star hotel. Can you find one in the same area as [Pizza Hut]?
The only 3-star accommodations in the center is the [Gonville Hotel]. It's expensive, but a great place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book a room.
How many nights will you be needing?
Actually the wife just told me she already booked. I just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. Need to leave by [02:15]
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey toyota Contact number : 07404040949
Thank you for all your help.
your welcome and enjoy your stay in cambridge!


Please locate me a guesthouse with 4 star rating in Cambridge.
I have many what area would you like it to be in?
I am not particular about area but I need it to include free parking.
Is cost important to you?
No, as long as it has the amenities and stars that I asked for.
How about the [Alexander bed and breakfast]? It is a guesthouse in the center with 4 stars and has free internet and parking.
I think I like it, please book me room for two people for three nights and get me confirmation number.
No problem, I just need the first day that you will be staying.
Oppss sorry, I thought I had given it to you. We'll be checking in on Monday
Your room for two people for three nights on Monday was booked successfully. Your reference number is CW9SXT27 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant reservation.
Sure, what type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need something moderately priced in the centre. What would you recommend?
Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
I am open to suggestions. I need a booking for 1 at [12:30] on Monday. Can I get a reference number?
I reserved a table at [Cotto], you reference # is BBARW8R2, anything else today?
that is it for today. have a nice day
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for info about a hotel called [city centre north b and b]. Can you help?
Yes. City Centre North B and B is a guesthouse in the north side of town, that has both free internet and parking. Do you want to book a room?
No thanks. No need to book today. Can I get the price range for them though?
It's listed as in the cheap price range.
Ok, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
There are several what day and time do you need the train?
I'll be leaving Monday after [15:30].
TR2630 leaves at 17:29. Would you like for me to book the train for you?
Yes I would like to book the train for 4 people and I'll need the reference number please.
I'm sorry, I gave you the wrong Train Number it is TR2530 not 2630. Ref no is : 0ES63CK2 . The total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank you.
Okay, well you have a great day!
Thanks again for the help. Good bye.
Text us back if you need any further assistance. Bye-bye!


Can I get a [cantonese] restaurant?
I'm sorry there are no cantonese restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about [Chinese]?
There are several chinese restaurants in town. Would you prefer something in the cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
I would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
How about shanghai family restaurant? Its number is 01223 301761.
Thank you goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening.


Could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
I show several restaurants in the City Centre. If you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further.
It's for my friend's birthday and he really likes [Thai] food.
I can book a table at bangkok city for 2 when would you like the reservation?
Since I like Chinese food, could you see if any restaurants serve both [Thai and Chinese] food?
I apologize I do not have any listed that serve both cuisines. Would you prefer one type of food?
Lets go with [chinese] food. He likes chinese just as much. Can you recommend one in the centre?
I have the [ugly duckling] in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sounds good. Please make a reservation for 3 next Wednesday at [14:15]. I would like a reference number.
I cant get you a table there. How about [tang chinese] instead. Your reference number is SAG9PAI9 . They have better food.
That is fine. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
Hi! We have mexican, italian, indian, and chinese restaurants that fit the bill. Do you have any preferences?
I don't have any preference.
[Chiquito restaurant bar] is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range.
Do you have a phone number for them?
The number is 01223 400170.
Have a good evening.
Have a good evening.


Good Afternoon, I am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house
There are 6 possible places that fit your request. Would you like more information or to add additional search preferences?
Can you see if any of them offer free parking?
5 of the guesthouses offer parking. What is your price range preference?
Honestly, any price range will do. Can you suggest one for me and help me with booking a room?
Absolutely. Can I suggest the [Warkworth House] at a moderate price range, or the [Autumn House] at a cheap price range. Do either of these interest you?
I would consider both. I need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on Thursday. Can either of them offer that?
I am having difficulty booking either of the. Can you find another day or time that would suit you?
I really need to stay during that time frame. Would you mind checking again?
OK, you're all booked for 3 nights at the [Warkworth House], starting Thursday. Your reference number is AC1NVW47 . Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
Yes, I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I would like a moderately priced hotel. Preferably a guesthouse.
How many stars would you like it to have?
That doesn't matter. Can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 3 nights.
I will go ahead and book you at the [Archway House]. Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJA79LYP . Is there anything else I can help you with today.
Yes I also need to find a train going to bishops stortford.
Could you tell me the day you will be traveling, and the time you would like to leave?
Yeah, we need to leave after [15:00] on Sunday from Cambridge.
TR3600 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at bishops stortford at 16:07. Do you want to book this train?
Yeah, get me 4 tickets please and then tell me the reference number
Booked! Your reference number is ZQ7T3ROI . Anything else you'd like me to help with?
I am all taken care of now. Thank you! See ya!
Okay, goodbye and have a nice trip!


I am trying to book a train to peterborough. Can you help me?
There are many trains to peterborough. Can you tell me where you'll be leaving from and what day and time you're interested in traveling?
I am not sure what time I need to leave but has to be Saturday and depart from cambridge to arrive by [11:45]
I can book you for an arrival by 11:24 and leaves at 10:34. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me please.
How many tickets would you like?
Just one of them please, can I get the reference number?
You're booked with 1 ticket on TR3596, departing cambridge at 10:34 on Saturday and arriving peterborough at 11:24. The reference number is F92QQR6F .
Thank You. I would also like to know about places to go?
There are several attractions. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you would like to go to?
Something that is for entertainment, cinemas, museums, theatres, please.
[whipple museum of the history of science] is a museum that has a free entrance fee and located in the centre.
Great. Would you be able to provide me with their phone number?
Yes sure. their telephone number is 01223330906.
What is the postal code for the Whipple Museum?
The postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you, that will be all I need for today.
Wonderful! Have a great day.


Hi there, I'm looking for any information that you have on a place named [Mumford Theatre].
Mumford theatre is in the centre of town their number is 08451962320, their postcode is cb11pt, and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road
Do you need any more information on the theatre?
I'm sorry, I don't understand your request.
Never mind. Can you tell me if there are trains to there from cambridge arriving by [20:15]?
Are you wanting taxi service to the theater. I'n not sure I understand your request.
No. I need a train that goes to Stansted Airport please.
There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to leave?
I need to leave on Monday. I don't care about the departure time.
There is a train from Cambridge to Stansted every hour on the :40 on Monday. The closest arrival to 20:15 is the 11:40, arriving at 12:08.
Thank you. Could I get the ID of the 11:40 train? Also, is the travel time 35 minutes?
Sure. the train ID is TR1552 and the travel time is 28 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I am looking for a [british] restaurant please.
I have many different options I can recommend to you, but could you tell me what area or price range you prefer?
I would like it to be in the West and be expensive.
[Graffiti] is in the west part of town and the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the postal code there?
The postalcode for Graffiti is cb30lx and it is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I can book it later, thanks. Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?
Certainly. What is your desired destination?
My destination is stansted airport.
Sure, trains leave hourly staring at 05:40 and cost 10.10 pounds per ticket. Can I book a seat for you?
I need to leave after [15:45].
Ok, I have train TR2912 departing at 16:40. Would you like me to book this for you?
No need to book it. But, can I get the travel time and what time it will get me to the airport?
The travel time is 28 minutes and you will arrive at the airport by 17:08. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you very much.
You're welcome! Enjoy your tacos! Goodbye


Can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves [british] food?
There are 7 places in the centre area that serve British cuisine, do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, actually. Is there one that is expensive?
Yes, I've found three all in the city centre. Is there one of these that you would prefer?
What are their names? I need to choose one I can book a table at.
they are fitbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house and the midsummer house restaurant
The [cambridge chop house] sounds good. Could you book it for 5 people at [19:45] on monday?
Unfortunately, there is no availability for your party at that time. Would you like to book a different time slot or day?
Yes, can you try the same for [18:45] instead?
You're booked and the reference number is BQT142V9 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you and Goodbye
If there is anything else I can help with you please call back. Thank you and have a great day! Goodbye!


I need a train departing from Cambridge.
Ok, where will you be going?
I will be going to London Liverpool Street on Sunday.
And what time would you like to leave after or arrive by on saturday?
I'm leaving on sunday, not saturday. Can you make sure that's correct? And I want to arrive by [21:00]
I am so sorry about the mix-up in days. I have TR0189 arriving Sunday at london liverpool street at 17:27. Would this be acceptable?
thanks so much, thats all i needed
Well, I'm glad I could help. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.
I have 21 options like that. Would you prefer a certain area of town or price range?
Are any in the North?
There are 5 options in the north.
OK, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on Tuesday, and we need to stay for 3 nights.
Reference number is : NBAUDV7Y . Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for an attraction called the [cherry hinton village centre]. Do you have any information about this place?
Here is the address colville road, cherry hinton.
Great, can I also have the postcode and phone number?
Phone number is:01223576412 and the postcode is cb19ej. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. I will be leaving the attraction around [12:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue tesla Contact number : 07305330660
Awesome. Thanks so much for your help today!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything that meets your specifications. Can I look in another area for you?
It really needs to be in the south and have a 5 star rating. It can be a hotel or guesthouse though.
I'm sorry but there are no hotels are guesthouses with a 5 star rating in the south. Would you like to try a 4 star rating instead?
Yeah, that would be fine.
We have 2 guesthouses that match your needs. aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Does either of these fancy your interest?
Do either of them have internet? I'll also take the address for both.
Yes, they both do. Aylesbray is at 5 Mowbray Road, and Rosa's is located at 53 Roseford Road.
Thanks for the information!
You are welcome, do you need any thing else?
That should be all, thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm coming to Cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and I need a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by [16:45].
I have 117 results for trains going to cambridge on Tuesday, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from london kings cross.
There is a train that arrives by 16:08 would you like me to book it?
Could you give me the price of the ticket?
The price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Could I get the train ID and time I would leave in case I want to book later.
The train ID is TR3456.
Thanks, and what time does that train depart?
I apologize, the train that arrives by 16:08 is actually the TR0269, and it leaves at 15:17. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I need a place to dine on the west side. Could you give recommend an [Indian] restaurant, please?
How does [tandoori palace] sound? It's Indian on the west side and expensive.
That sounds great! Can I get the postcode?
The postcode for Tandoori Palace is cb43le. Would you like to make a reservation there?
no thanks. I'll take it from here.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Let us know if you need further assistance. Goodbye.


I'm looking for the [Lensfield Hotel]. Can you help me find it?
Yes of course, it is located at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you. Could you give me the postcode and tell me if they have free parking?
Yes, they have free parking. The postcode is cb21en. Is there anything else you'd like to know about this hotel?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Bye!
You are welcome. Goodbye!


I'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.
There is no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, but are there any theatres in the center of town?
Sure, there are 4 theatres in the centre of town. I suggest the Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Is there any other information you need?
Yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?
It is not giving me an entrance fee, but the postcode is cb11pt. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Could you help me find a good 4 star hotel?
I have found the [University Arms Hotel] in town centre, it has ratings of 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Yes, can you book it for three people for one night?
What day would you be arriving?
Actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? I will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday if there is free parking.
It does have free parking, but I'm sorry to say that I cannot book 4 nights for you. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights?
I was able to book 3 nights, your confirmation code is TRBKGR36
Can you also set up a taxi to take me from Mumford Theatre to the hotel. I want to leave the theatre by 05:00.
Have a good trip!


Hi! I need to find a train to Ely. Can you find me one that doesn't leave until at least [17:30]?
Yes, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave Cambridge on Tuesday.
We have 4 trains that fit that. Any specifics on arrival or departure times?
No. Please book one of for 6 people and let me know the reference number please.
I have booked you on TR7733,leave at 17:50,arrive 18:07,The reference number is : KN3TLBK8 .
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town. Are there any architecture sights in the city centre?
Yes, I can recommend up to five different architecture attractions in the Centre area. How about [All Saints Church]?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me their address, phone number and postcode?
Of course - the address is Jesus Lane cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587
Can you give me another idea -- just to have a choice?
Sure there are several churches in the area. Holy Trinity church is interesting. Also, if you are not interested in churches, old schools on Trinity Lane is nice.
I am interested in the [old schools] on Trinity Lane, can you give me the information of one?
Sure, Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane, their postcode is cb21tt and their phone number is 01223332320. Their entrance fee is free. Can I help you with any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. You've been quite helpful.
Okay great, have a good day!


Hi there. I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge.
where are you going to? and what time would you like to travel?
I am going to Peterborough and it should arrive by [17:00] on Tuesday.
Train TR5902 will suit your needs. May I book it for you?
Yes please, I need to book it for 6 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9YJM47UH .
Thank you I also need help with a hotel. I am looking for a 4 star hotel. What you got?
I have 3 entries available. 2 in the west and 1 in the centre. Do you have a price in mind? Two are expensive and one is cheap
I would prefer the cheaper one, please. What's it called?
The cambridge belfry is located on the west side and is super cheap.
They sound like just what I need. Could you verify whether they have free parking, and give me their address?
Yes they have both free wifi and parking. It's located at back lane, cambourne in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range, the place should have free parking.
The [cambridge belfry] is available, would you like to book there?
Yes, please for 6 people starting tuesday night.
how many days will you be staying?
I'm sorry, I changed my mind. I don't need a room booked. I just need their address.
No problem. Their address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. That is all I needed.
If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us, we're always happy to help.


Yes, I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay at, can you help me?
Is there a specific side of town you'd like to be on?
Yes, I would like to stay in the city centre. Also, I would need free parking.
You have the [Gonville Hotel] or the University Arms to choose from. The Gonville is a 3 star hotel while the University Arms is 4 star.
Are both hotels or are they guest houses?
They are both hotels. Would you like for me to book one of these hotels for you?
Yes. I would like to stay at University Arms for 2 people, for 2 nights, starting from Friday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
That's too bad. Would you be able to find me a different hotel in the same price range?
i'm sorry, i was unable to find a different hotel that matches your criteria and the availability that you wanted.
Thats disappointing,thank you andgoodbye.
Hold on, I forgot about the Gonville Hotel I mentioned earlier. I got you a room. Your reference number is : B01G0B4W. Can I do anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
Good day, thank you for using us, if you need anything else let is know.


I need a train out of cambridge on Sunday, please.
We have trains leaving every hour starting at 05:00 that day. What is your destination?
The train should go to ely and should leave after [19:15].
I have train TR3544 departing at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would that work for you?
Yes, what is the price of that train?
The price is 3.52 pounds, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'd also like to see some things in town, in particular any sort of boating. Is there anything like that?
Yes there are 4 options to choose from, do you have a specific part of town you'd prefer?
I need to go to ely , near a place that has a boat.What is the entrabnce fee ?
I found no records of an attraction involving boats near Ely. Would you like me to search for something else, or for boats in a different area?
Actually, the part of town doesn't matter. I'd just like to take a boat ride or look at some boats, please.
Riverboat Georgina is an excellent boat attraction in the north. Would you like the postcode and phone number?
Yes, please. Also, what is the entrance fee?
The Riverboat Georgina doesn't seem to have an entrance fee. Their postcode is cb41as, phone number 07807718591, and address 251a Chesterton Road. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be all.
ok, perfect, have a great day


Help! I'm injured and need a nearby hospital!
So sorry to hear that! The Addenbrookes Hospital can help. They are located at Hills Rd, Cambridge
Can you give me their full address?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Their telephone number is 01223245151.
Okay. That's all I need. Thanks.
I am happy to help. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north.
Yes, there are 33 hotels that meet your requests. Some of them offer parking or free internet as well.
Any listings for a guesthouse?
I have 5, all located in the north and all are gueshouses. How many will I booking for and when?
I would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from Friday.
I was able to get a guesthouse for you at [arbury lodge] for friday. Your reference number is HV8FJQJU .
Thank you for booking it,that is all I need.
Have a good stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


Can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking?
There are two matching results for your needs. The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
Are either in the moderate price range?
Yes they are.
Can you give me the postcode and star rating for [Lovell Lodge] and tell me if they have wifi?
lovell lodge is in postcode area cb41sr, and is a 2 star location with free wifi.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your help today.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all thank you !
You're very welcome. If you need information or reservations, we'd be happy to assist.
Thanks again for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you, goodbye!


Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?
Yes, we have over a hundred restaurants here in Cambridge, I'm sure we'll find one you'll like. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Let's find me a place that serves expensive [european] food.
[Eraina] serves expensive european food.
Can I have their address and phone number?
The address for Eraina is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786. Would you like any other information?
I'm also looking to book some train tickets for Thursday. I need to leave Cambridge and arrive in Leicaster by [09:15].
Then you'll want to take TR0025, departing Cambridge at 07:21 and arriving in Leicester at 09:06. How many tickets do you need?
I will need tickets for 2 people.
I have booked 2 tickets for Thursday. You depart Cambridge at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is K4888RU4 . Can I help with anything else?
Yay, thank you!
Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thank you for your help.
No problem! Have a great trip!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Okay, how can I help you?
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [italian] food
We have several great options, most of which are in the center of town. My favorite is [Caffe Uno].
Sounds great. I need a reservation for 1 on Wednesday at [15:30]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AYQO5ZTE . Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need a train
what area please and how many tickets
wednesday and I want to get there by [08:00] leaving broxbourne, how much is that?
The trip will cost 17.90 pounds.
Yes I need it to go to cambridge, is that possible?
We have 2 trains that match your criteria - the TR0788 that leaves at 05:32 and the TR0605 that leaves at 06:32. Which one should I book for you?
No, I don't need it booked. What's the price for the TR0788?
The price is 17.90 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it, thank you!
Do you need a taxi?
Have a great day. Good bye.
Yes, I am happy I could assist.


I am looking for a place to stay in the cheap price range.
Okay what area of town are you wanting to stay in? Any free parking or wifi?
I do need both free parking and free wifi please.
I found several hotels that might work for you in the centre, east and north part of town. Can you tell me where you'd like to stay?
Is there anything available in the north?
Yes, there is the City Centre North B and B and the Worth House.
Great. Please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.
Which one would you like me to book?
Let's go with [City Centre].
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M6554531 .
Can you also help me find a train to get me to Leicester on Wednesday?
train TR3138 leaves at 07:21 and will arrive in leicester at 09:06.
Not decided on the train yet, still have to consult the group, what is the price?
8 tickets costs 302.29 GBP payable at the station
Thanks. I don't want to book the train yet, so I think I am all set.
Oh, just to mention the cost of a single ticket is 37.80 pounds. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by [11:45]
Ok, do you know what your destination is?
Yes, I am going to Ely.
I have a train that leaves at 7:50 Monday morning to to to Ely. Does this interest you or is there another day you had in mind?
I would like to leave on Friday.
Is there a certain time on Friday?
I need to arrive by 11:45.
I have the TR8792 which you will arrive at 10:07. How many ticket please?
i would like a ticket for 8 people.
You will need to pay a fee of 35.2 GBP at the station and your reference number number 7089L1RT .
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 4.
We have 19 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
Price doesn't matter. I need a reservation for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday. If that day fails, the Sunday and the reference number.
[Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] is supposed to be nice, as long as you're ok with a guesthouse rather than a hotel. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting Tuesday!
You're all set! Your reference number is YGF92ATC . Can I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need.
Enjoy your stay.


Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [modern global] food in the centre.
I'm sorry, but there are no Modern Global restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Hmm, okay, I guess I could settle for [Italian]. Are there any of those in the centre of town?
We have nine Italian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
Moderate price range is fine. I will need a reservation for 5 people at [14:15] on Tuesday.
I recommend [pizza express]. You're booked for 14:15, and the table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is MBGJNXHM . Do you need anything else?
No, you were very helpful, thanks for everything.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your dinner party!
I actually could use some help finding a place to stay also.
OK, do you have any specifics in mind, such as area or price range?
I like nice places, so definitely something expensive. I do want it to have free wifi though.
There are about 5 options. All are hotels and expensive. They are located all over. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I know this sounds crazy, but I'm looking for an expensive hotel with a 0 star rating. The area doesn't matter so much.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything matching your criteria. Can I adjust the star rating or price range?
How about a 4 star rating. I need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from Tuesday and I will need the reference number.
No problem! I booked you the [University Arms Hotel] located in the Centre, reference number 9DOCJURL . May I help with something else?
Thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi between the two places, arriving at the restaurant by the time of the reservation?
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a red Skoda. Please call 07595199284 should you need them.
that will be it for now. good day
I'm glad I could assist you today. Good-bye.


Please dig up some information on the mutliple sports in the centre for me
I'm afraid there isn't one. Can I help you find something else?
Oh well. I guess maybe a theatre instead.
There are 4 theatres in the centre. They are adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number of [adc theatre]?
The entrance fee isn't listed, but you can reach them by phone at 01223300085. The postcode is cb58as.
Thanks I also need a train that's going to cambridge.
No problem, where will that be coming from?
I need to leave from Norwich sometime after [20:15] on Saturday.
TR0615 departs at 20:16 and arrives by 21:35. Would you like a ticket?
No. That is all the info I need.
Ok, have a good day!


Would I be able to get a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross?
Sure! What day will you be travelling?
I need to leave after [21:15] on saturday
TR0925 leaves cambridge at 21:00 and arrives in cambridge at 21:51. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book me 2 tickets and provide me a reference number.
Your reference number is VYR91INX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like it to have a rating of 4 stars.
I have 8 different guesthouses in the north. Do you have a preference on price?
No preference on price and it doesn't have to include parking.
I have the [acorn guest house] located at 154 chesterton road.
That works I think.
Would you like to book a reservation at this time?
Yes, I need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting wednesday
Your hotel has been booked!
I need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 1 night though, and a reference number too please
Sure, I adjusted that for you, your booking was successful and the ref number is RP2PZDYV .
Great, thank you!
welcome and have a great day
have a great day too
thanks for using our service.


Please help, I've been in a car accident and am not sure who to call for help.
call the police at 01223358966
Okay I will do that now. Thank you.
You're more than welcome.


I am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.
Do you have a price ranger preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city. What type of cuisine are you seeking?
I'd like [Japanese] food, please.
Yes I found a perfect fit for you. [Wagamama] is a Japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town. Would you like their address and telephone number?
Yes please as well as their postcode.
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street , cb23ar, and the phone number is 01223462354.
Thank you for your help. I appreciate it!
You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you that will be all for today!
You're very welcome. Feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice evening.


Can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?
I have no expensive guesthouse's. Would you like to try a hotel or a different price range?
I was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an expensive price range and include free parking.
I am showing nothing matching your request. Did you want to try another search?
Well, I preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any hotels with my other specifications staying the same?
[express by holiday inn cambridge] fits that description. can i book for you?
Yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting thursday, and can I get the reference number?
Of course! Your confirmation number is : NA5IKOHZ . Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's great! I need a train. It should leave after [20:45] from Birmingham New Street.
what day, monday or friday please? And how many tickets? And are you going to Cambridge?
Yes, I'm going to Cambridge and I need to leave on Thursday.
I have three trains. Do you need to book some tickets?
Yes please. And I need the reference number please.
I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Great, thanks so much
How many tickets will you need?
I will need eight tickets please.
Okay, let me work on booking that and I will be back with you shortly.
Thank you so much!
Okay, sorry about the wait. I have booked 8 tickets for train TR7324. It will leave 21:40 and costs 600.79 GBP. The reference number is 2I340EJN .
rad that's all i need now
Have a great day. Goodbye.


Are there any swimming pools that I can go to in Cambridge?
Yes, there are several did you have a specific area in mind?
No. I would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in.
I can't help you with the cost, you would have to call about that. I recommend [Parkside Pools] in the centre. You can call them at 01223446100.
Can you call them for me please? You are supposed to be customer service?
We can book hotels, restaurants, trains, and taxis for you and provide information about places, but we do not actually call attractions them for you ourselves.
i'm looking for a place to stay
What area of town would you like to stay? What price range?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel in the Centre. Internet is not necessary but I will accept one that has it.
I would recommend the [university arms hotel]. It is expensive and in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
SI booked you at the university arms hotel. Your reservation is POY0JCRA on Thursday.
Thanks! That is all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
I'd love to help. In the future, these hits require more effort. Want something in the north?
Actually I need a train to Cambridge from Kings lynn on Saturday after [17:00].
The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.52 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7FJ6TZUM .
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town.
There are three 4 star choices in the west part of town. Two cheap and one expensive choice. Do you have a preference?
Price doesn't matter but I need it to be a hotel.
[Huntingdon marriott hotel] would be great for you. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. I will also need the reference number.
I'd be happy to help you book that, I will need the day you're arriving, how many people and how many nights?
It will be 3 people and 3 nights
What day would you like your reservations to begin?
That same day that the train is.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is NK5JAGZB, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
Great. You are welcome to use this service again should you need it.


I am looking for train from London Kings Cross and should leave after [21:30].
We have several trains available. Is there a particularly day you wish to leave on?
I would be leaving on Tuesday going to Cambridge.
I have one train available that meets what you need. Train TR2471 leaves at 23:17 and arrives on 24:08. Would you like me to book you a ticket for this train?
Yes, please. Can I have the Train ID and total travel time, as well?
Sure. The train ID is TR2471 and the duration is 51 minutes.
Thanks. Can you also help with a guesthouse to stay out? I prefer in the east.
There are six. Would you like one moderately priced or cheap?
Doesn't matter, do any have a 4 star rating?
Yes I have many 4 star guesthouses matching your criteria. Do you have a preference for free parking and/or internet amenities?
Sure free parking is fine, let me know if they do or don't. Please also give me a phone number, internet doesn't matter.
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has free parking and their phone number is 01223247015, do you want me to book a reservation for you?
No. I don't need a reservation now. Thank you very much for all your help.
Terrific, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that'll do it, thanks for your time!
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.


Could you recommend a restaurant that serves [french] food? I'll need the address, phone number and postcode. Thank you.
You would like a restaurant serving French food. Do you have a preference to what area it is located?
I don't care. please give me address, phone number, and postcode.
I can recommend 2 restaurants serving French cuisine: Cote, located at Bridge Street City Centre C.b2, 1 U.F, phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant two two located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, C.B 4, 3 A.X, phone number 01223 351880
thank you good bye
You are welcome.


Can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?
We have dozens of activities in centre. Is there a specific type that you are interested in?
What one would you recommend and the entrance fee?
The Castle Galleries museum is one most newcomers find interesting, admission is free.
That sounds great! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. I want one with free wifi.
How about the [alexander bed and breakfast], which is a 4 star hotel?
Is it cheap and in the same area?
Yes, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheaply priced guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Sunday.
I am so sorry, but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to change the day or shorten your stay?
Why don't we try booking only 1 night?
Booking was unsuccessful still. can we book another day?
NO, I'd rather another hotel if possible.
Would you like me to try [el shaddai], it is also in the cheap range.
That sounds good. Please book for 2 pepole and 3 nights starting on sunday. Please provide a reference number.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful, can I try a shorter stay?
How about 1 night?
Booking was unsuccessful.


I've been hurt and need the nearest hospital.
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital in Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Do you need to contact the police? How bad is the injury?
NO, that's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you , goodbye


I am looking to leave for bishops stortford after [15:15] by train.
Certainly. Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.
I have several trains, when would you like to arrive by?
The arrival time does not matter, but it should leave on Sunday after 15:15.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : V6E0H0GJ . Is there anything else I can help with?
Were you able to book it for 4 people?
I was able to book 4 tickets. The total fee will be 32.32 pounds, payable at the station. The reference number is BPUJ9ISP . Can I help you with anything else?
Okay no that is all today.
Thank you for using our system!


i need a good place to go in the centre
We have amazing various of attractions in the centre area! What type of attraction are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. Any recommendations?
Let me suggest the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. Their admission is free and the phone number is 01223333516.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay.
I have many moderate priced hotels available. What part of town would you prefer?
Any area is fine are there any with a 3 star rating? I don't need free parking or internet.
[alpha-milton guest house] is in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please coming in on monday for 5 nights for 3 people.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I booked it for you. Your reference number is as follows: 5MM5C3UC . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all, thanks!
Happy to help! Have a good trip!


I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.
There are 11 museums in the town centre area, all with free admission. Are you looking for a particular type of museum?
No. Why don't you pick one at random for me and give me the address and postcode.
Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum address 6 trinity street postcode cb21su
I am also looking for a train that should arrive by [15:15] and one that needs to leave on Tuesday.
Can you please give me your departure and destination?
Stevenage is my departure, my destination is Cambridge.
There is one train departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:43. All other trains arrive earlier or later. Would you like me to book this for you?
That would be fine please book it for four people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UJAL7AEJ.
Thank you. Your service was pleasant.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!


Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge. I need it to arrive by [14:15].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Where are you going and on what day would you like to travel?
I am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday. Please reserve 3 seats and provide the reference number, thank you!
I was able to book the train, TR3844, for 30.29 total fee, which you may pay at the station. Reference number is 1PISWDKF . May I be of anymore assistance?
Also looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the West.
I have 2, Prezzo - moderately priced and La Margerita - cheap, which one do you prefer and when would you like the reservations?
Yes, let's go with [La Margerita]. I don't need reservations, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can we book that place for, say, same number of people at [10:00] on the same day, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 78MCBK84 . Is there anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Is there any train to stevenage that leaves after [15:45]?
What day would you like the train for?
I will be travelling from Cambridge on Saturday,
TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Does that work for you?
What time will it arrive?
The train will arrive by 18:10
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre if you don't mind.
There are lots to choose from. First, may I ask if you have a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
I'd like a [modern european] restaurant.
[riverside brasserie] serves modern european food. Would you like me to book seats?
yes, please. 8 people at [12:00] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2Q3DVUFC . Anything else I can do for you?
No that's all for today, thank you.
Thank you for calling. If you need additional assistance, please feel free to call again. Have a great time in Cambridge! Goodbye.


I hope so. Can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the west side?
I see [Hobsons House] in the west side has a 3 star rating.
Great! Can you book for 3 nights for me please?
Yes I can is the room only for you?
No, I need a room for two, for 5 nights starting on tuesday.
I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : F4WXMKYA .
I also need a train for the same day.
Where will you be traveling to and from?
I will to Cambridge from Broxbourne.
I have 19 trains that leave Cambridge for Broxbourne on Tuesday. What time of day do you want to travel?
I need to leave after [16:30] please.
TR0189 leaves at 17:01, would you like a booking or just more information for now.
How long is the travel time, please?
You will arrive by 18:01.
What is the travel time?
Travel time on this particular train is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book any seats?
No. I don't need to book. I am all set.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks for the information. that is all i needed
Okay well I'm glad I could help.


Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.
Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.
I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center. Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.
There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. [Ashley Hotel] and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.
I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.
Let me know when your break is over. I'll need a reference number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : P39PYOK0 . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need info on a train. It should arrive in london liverpool street by [16:30].
Where will you be traveling from, and what day would you like to travel?
I will be departing Cambridge on Friday.
All right, the TR4187 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.
How many tickets will you be needing today?
I need 4 tickets, and the price and train ID
I booked 4 tickets on train TR4187, your reference number is LXZWA3Q8 . A total of 66.4 GBP is payable at the station, can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Hi I need to book a guesthouse with free wifi in Cambridge please
Did you have a price range in mind, or a particular section of the city?
I would like one in the moderate price range.
Great, I have several options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer?
Anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 5 nights beginning on Monday next week. Can you give me a confirmation number as well, please?
I have the [a and b guesthouse] in the east that is a 4 star moderatly price guesthouse. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes. I need it for three for five nights starting from Monday on.
i have successfully booked. Reference number is : 7PPQG9Q1
I'm also looking for an attraction to go to in the centre. Do you have any recommendations?
Yes, I would suggest the [old schools].
Excellent. What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything, you were so helpful.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


Can you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
We have 15 guesthouses in that price range, any other preferences?
I'd like free wifi included please.
The [Acorn guesthouse] is in the moderate price range and has wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. Please book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need the reference number.
You have reservation at acorn guest house for 8 people 4 nights starting Thursday.I will give you the reference number.
OK ... can I have that reference number, please?
Your reference number is PJDTNB2Z .


Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?
There are two hotels available: the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more information on them?
Does either one have a star of 4?
[University Arms Hotel] is rated 4 stars. Would you like reservation?
Do they have internet and if so what is the address there?
They do have free wifi. They are located on regent street.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?
I have 70 trains. What day and time are you wanting to travel?
Um, Sunday but after [11:15]
okay how many tickets please?
3 people, please. And if I can also get the reference number.
I have booked 3 tickets on the TR9025 train leaving at 11:59. Your Reference number is : 9JASQYBJ . Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I can help you with that! Is there a specific one you have in mind or perhaps a specific type of cuisine I can search for?
I'm looking for an expensive [polynesian] place.
I'm sorry, there is nothing that I can find like that. Do you have anything else I can look for?
Yes, can you look for [chinese] food please?
I have the hakka located in the north. It is expensive and located at milton road chesterton. Would you like to make reservations?
I'd really like something in the centre, do you have Polynesian or Chinese in the centre?
Okay, how about the [Ugly Duckling]?
That sounds interesting. Could you give me the address, phone number and postcode?
There is no phone number listed, but their address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is cb21tw. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train. It should leave London liverpool Street after [12:45] on Wednesday. I am going to Cambridge.
There earliest train after 12:45 is TR2826, departing London Liverpool Street at 13:39 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.
Just to confirm, how many tickets do you need?
Just for myself.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 1OIMDS0D .
You know what, I'm so sorry I actually did not need a booking at all. I just wanted to know the travel time, arrival time, and price. Sorry.
16.6 gbp a person arrives at 15:07, trip time is 88 minutes, any further questions?
No. That actually takes care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Can you tell me which museums I can go to in Cambridge?
You are free to choose whichever one you want. There are 23 choices, is there a preference by area?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need to know the entrance fee.
There are so many. In order to narrow it down, do you want something with free admission. And are you open to a suggestion?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one and tell me the entrance fee?
Cafe jello gallery has a free admission.
Thank you. What's the area for the Cafe Jello Gallery?
That one is located in the west.
Alright, can you find me a train to Leicester on Tuesday after [20:15]?
ok you are set
What is the train ID you found?
I'm sorry, my mind is not all there today. I have not found a train for you yet. Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Leicester.
There are 4 trains that depart Cambridge for Leicester after 20:15. The first one leaves at 20:21, and they run every hour.
Please pick the earliest one and give me the following info about them: travel time, train ID, and arrival time
TR0378 arrives at 22:06. The travel time is 105 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I believe that is all I need today.
You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. Parking is optional.
[a and b guest house] is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
Does it have a 3 star rating? I'm also needing free wifi on this trip. Thanks for helping me.
It has a 4 star rating and does provide internet. Would you like a reservation?
does it have free parking ?
Parking is not included but internet is, do you want to book or search for something else?
I need a hotel that has free parking
which type hotel do you want?
Any type that you have available.
In that case I would recommend the [Bridge Guest House], it has a 3 star rating and offers both free WiFi and free parking. Would you like to book it?
Can I have the price range and phone number?
The price range is moderate and the phone number is 01223247942.
Also I need to find an expensive [chinese] restaurant book the table for 3 at 16:45 on tuesday
Is there a particular part of town you would like to go to?
I need that in the north please.
I have 2 chinese restaurants in the north, the [hakka] and the hotpot, both expensive. Phone number is 0122568988 and 01223366552 respectively. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes could you please make those reservations?
How many people are in your party?
There are 3 people in the group.
What day and time would you like the booking for?
It will be for [16:45] on tuesday.
Your booking for Hakka was completed successfully, reference number PM03Z53S . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi.
Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination? Also, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go between the hotel and the restaurant. Arriving by the booked time, please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey skoda Contact number : 07990098942
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, same to you.
Thank you, it has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye


I need hotel tips, can you help?
I definitely can help with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't really matter. I do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.
I'm sorry. It appears that there are no four star hotels in Cambridge with free parking. Can I help with something else?
Could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room.
I am still getting no results. How else may I help you?
Um really? There is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of Cambridge? I have a hard time believing that.
Sorry, there aren't any. Could I check for something else?
Are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?
I'm sorry, there really are none that match your criteria. Are you sure you don't want to lower your star rating?
What about with wifi and no parking?
I apologize, we actually have 19 options matching your query. Do you have a preference for price range?
I don't have a price in mind. As long as it has free wifi and parking, I just need the name, area, and type please
The [acorn guest house] is a guesthouse in the north. May I help with anything else ?
I am looking for the [saint catharine's college]
I found that info st [catharines college] is located at kings parade, has free entrance and its phone number is 012233338300. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. I want to leave the college by [07:30].
Your taxi is booked, look for a blue ford, phone number is 07891245613, any other questions?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.
Okay, have a great time in town!


Can you help me book a taxi to [lan hong house], please?
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to get there by [7:00].
Ok, what is your departure site?
I'm departing from [alexander bed and breakfast].
A black audi will be arriving to pick you up. Their contact number is 07706975524. Thank you!
Great, thank you!
Thank you is there anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks again.
You are more than welcome!


Can I get information on places to stay in the north that have free internet?
Sure, do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't have a preference. I will need parking too.
I would suggest this place [arbury lodge guesthouse]. Is that okay?
getme its price range, phone number and hotel type
Arbury Lodge guesthouse is a GUESTHOUSE in the moderate price range, and the phone is 01223364319.
Do you have any restaurants near there with [Chinese] food?
There are three. Did you have a preference for price?
I would like somewhere moderately priced.
The [Golden Wok] suits your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can you book a for a table of 5 at [17:30] on Monday?
The reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 42ARMODJ . Anything else?
No. I am all set thank you.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


I want to visit a concert hall. Are there any in the center of town?
I'm sorry there are none in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
I really wanted a concerthall in the centre area, are you certain there isn't one?
Actually, it looks like there is one named [The Man on the Moon]. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. May I have the phone number, entrance fee, and post code?
They can be reached at 01223474144, postal code cb12lf and I do not have any information abotu the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I also need to find a train to birmingham new street please.
Where will you be leaving from?
I want to leave from Cambridge after [21:15] on Monday.
The TR7001 train leaves cambridge at 22:01. Would you like me to book that one for you?
Yes, please book for me.
How many seats will you be requiring?
Two people. Could I get a reference number too please?
Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is EJN85NL3 .
Thank you very much. That should be everything.
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can help you in any way.


I'm trying to find the Parkside Police Station please.
Their contact number is 01223358966, and they are located in postcode CB11JG.
Thanks, what is the address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge.
That's all I need. Thanks. Goodbye.
You are most welcome!


I am looking for the restaurant [kymmoy].
kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located on 52 Mill Road City Centre, cb12as. Would you like a reservation?
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at [16:15] on Wednesday. i want the reference number
Your reference number is: MXG517HW . The table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.
[University Arms Hotel] is located in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking?
Yes. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. Can you book me for Wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please?
Great! I have the rooms booked for you.
Could I please get the reference number?
Sure, your reference number is ZU5RABWR
Thanks so much, now I need a taxi to get us there on time.
Okay! You'll be picked up in a black Ford. The contact number is 07889021658. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much. Goodbye
Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!


I have to get to [the gandhi] by [09:15]. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from [Golden Wok].
I've booked you a blue lexus, the contact number is 07462575401.
Wonderful, thank you so much.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I accually should depart from thanh binh.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue lexus Contact number : 07462575401
Great, thanks for your help.
Do you need any help with anything else?
No, thank you again fro accomodating me. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our services.


I am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. The place should have 0 stars.
Yes I have only two options in the cheap price range with a 0 star rating. Both are located in the city center. Would you be interested in either?
Is there one with free wifi and free parking?
El Shaddai on Warkworth Street has both. Can I book it for you?
I just need the phone number, postcode, and address, please.
Their number is 01223327978. Their postcode is cb11eg. Their address is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks! Are there any swimming pools located in the south of town?
Sorry, it looks like there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area?
What types of nightclubs are there in that area?
[The place] is a nightclub in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their postcode please?
Their postcode is cb23hg
Thank you. Can you schedule a taxi pickup from [El Shaddai] to the nightclub. I want to leave the room by [12:30].
You're booked for a red Tesla at 12:30, going from El Shaddai to The Place. Their contact number, should you need it, is 07625686038. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.
I'm glad I could help.


Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge that serves [crossover] food please?
There are no matching restaurants, would you like another type of food?
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?
There are 21 moderate restaurants in the center of town. What food type would you like?
[Asian oriental] sounds yummy, what are my choices?
I would recommend the [Yippee Noodle Bar]. Fun place with great food.
That would be fine. Can you book a table for 5 people at [12:15] on thursday.
You are booked for 5 people at 12:15 on Thursday at the Yippee Noodle Bar. Reference number is C62U1AM2 . They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
I would also like to get a place to stay.
There are several hotels that you can choose from. What type of hotel are you looking for?
I would like a hotel that is in the moderate price range and needs to have 0 stars. It needs to be near the hotel.
There is only one hotel in the moderate price range with 0 stars near the centre called [cityroomz]. Shall I book a room for you?
No booking necessary, just need one more thing, a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant and to get there by the reservation time
I have booked a red skoda. The number is 07965582777. Anything else for you?
That will be it, thanks.
Thank you we hope you enjoy your stay!


I would like to find a train leaving from Peterborough.
There are many! What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.
The entries have now been narrowed down to 38. Where will you be departing and at what time do you want to leave?
Two people going to cambridge. We'd like to arrive by [12:45]. Please book 2 seats and give the refernce number.
TR6691 leaves peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in cambridge at 12:38. Your total for 2 ticketsis 33GBP, payable at the station, and the confirmation is 5W98EJ2Y . Is there anything else?
Actually, I could use some help finding a theatre to visit in town while I am there.
Okay would you like a specific area?
Yes, I'd like a place in the center of town, please.
There are four theatres in the centre that you could visit.
Which one would you recommend?
the cambridge corn exchange is one of our most popular theatre. Would you like any more information?
Sure- what is the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?
The phone number is 01223357851.
And, what is the postcode and entrance fee, please?
I'm sorry, the postcode is cb23qe, but the entrance fee is not listed online. You would have to call them at 01223357851.
Okay thank you, thats all i need for now.
Please let us know if there is any way we can help you in the future. Have a great day. Goodbye!


I am looking for college attractions to go to in town.
How about [Clare Hall] on Herschel Road?
That sounds good. May I have their postcode and phone number?
The phone number and postcode is: 01223333200 cb21tl
Great! I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north area of town. Can you help me with that?
[Yippee Noolde bar] is moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
yes, please - table for 4 at [13:45] on tuesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VHZUMK58 .
thank you!
Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. If anything comes up please return for help.


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [chinese] food.
There are 4 chinese restaurants in your price range. Are you interested in a particular location to narrow down the choices?
I need a restaurant located in the centre please.
There are three options which are centrally located, would you like to try the [Lan Hong House]?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at [14:00] on Monday.
I have you booked at Lan Hong House on Monday at 14:00. Reference number is : ONOCCL26 . Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.
If you are looking to play soccer, would I be correct in that you are interested in a park in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, no, I'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre area. Would you like to look in another area?
Okay, what about a college?
There are 13 colleges near the restaurant. Do you have a specific one you'd like to visit?
No, it doesn't matter.
There are 13 colleges nearby, would you like to try [trinity street college]?
Sure, can I have their phone number please?
Of course! Their phone number is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places. can you book one for me so I arrive on time?
OK, a white Skoda will pick you up at Trinity College and get you to the Lan Hong House by 14:00. The contact number is 07340629776. Can I help further?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. If there's anything else you might need don't hesitate in the future to contact us, we look forward to helping you!
I am good to go. Thanks!
Thank you, and have a nice day!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi,
There are many hotels that match your criteria. Which area of town would you like to stay in?
area of town close to public transportation
Then, that narrows down to 3 hotels in the centre of town. Do you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
I'm not picky. It needs to have free parking, though.
Ashley hotel has free parking, would you like a reservation?
Oh, I'm sorry, I also want to make sure it's got a 4 star rating, at least. Could you confirm that for me please?
Unfortunately Ashley hotel is only 2 stars. There are no 4 star hotels from what I can see. Would you like me to search for 3 star hotels or 5 star?
Yes, can you search for a 5 star please?
I am sorry, there are not 5 stars available.
Well, I'm not sure what I should so. I guess I should go with the two star place.
How about a three star hotel? I have two that would match your description.
Do you have any 4 star guesthouses available instead?
Yes, the [alexander] bread and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, but only if they offer free parking. And free wifi. Do they?
Yes, both free wifi and parking is available at this location.
Thank you, could I get the postal code to this hotel, please?
The postcode is cb12de. Shall I book a room for you?
That is all I need for the time being. Thank you so much for the help.
Okay have a great day!


I am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while I am seeing attractions in cambridge?
Do you have any food preferences?
I'm starving and will only be satisfied with some [spanish] food, please!
We have two spanish restaurants in the city centre. [La tasca] is moderately priced, and La raza is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the moderately priced one please.
Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. Can I get a table for 3 on Tuesday at [19:30]?
I was able to book you a table they will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is U7OJBNT7 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. Any suggestions?
There are 5 architecture attractions located in the centre. Most of them are free.
I would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please
How about all saints church? They are located on jesus lane, it's free and in the centre. Phone 01223452587. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. Can you also help me with a taxi from [all saints church] to [La tasca] in time for my dinner reservation?
Congrats you got the black BMW enjoy your ride to a and b guesthouse.
What is the contact number for the taxi?
Your taxi has been changed to a blue bmw with the contact number of 07281712585. It will take you from all saints church to La tasca. Anything else?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!
excellent, have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Ely from Cambridge.
There are 70 possible trips. You can leave as early as 5:35 and as late as 23:35. The trip is 17 minutes. What time of day would you prefer?
I need to leave on Wednesday after [12:00] please.
TR1039 departs from Ely at 13:35, arriving in Cambridge by 13:52. Does this work for you?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 7 people. I will also need the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JD1P380X .
Thank you I also need to find a cheap guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me find one?
You have 9 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
The location doesn't matter, but I'd like it to be 4 stars.
Okay! How about [Allenbell]?
Sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday?
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is ELA3CIDM .
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!
Have a nice day.


I would look time find a museum in town.
I can help you with that. What part of town will be visiting?
Any part is fine, what ever you recommend. I need the phone number, address, and postcode please.
I recommend [Cambridge Artworks]. The museum's phone number is 01223902168 and the address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode isn't in our database but I can find it. Will you hold?
Um, yes I suppose so.
The post code is cb13ef. Anything else then?
I am also looking for a cheap place to dine in the west part of town please.
Sure! I've heard good things about Thanh Binh, a Vietnamese restaurant. Does that sound good to you?
I think we got our lines crossed somewhere. I'd like a cheap [Panasian] restaurant in the west.
Sorry, I couldn't find that type of cuisine in that location. Maybe try another type?
That stinks because I'm really craving Panasian food. But okay, can you see if there are any [Italian] places in that area?
You're in luck. There are two such places, what is your price range?
I would like it to be cheap. Does one of them meet that requirement.
[la margherita] is in the cheap range, would you like me to book you?
I need to book a table for 2 people at [19:15] for Sunday.
I have your table booked. You're reference number is L3OX2AYU . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope you did everything I needed. I appreciate you more then you think!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hello, I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to leave on Saturday.
I see there are 10 trains leaving Ely on Saturday. Where would you like to go?
I do no want to leave Ely. I want to go TO Ely. I am leaving from Cambidge.
My apologies, there are 10 trains commuting from Cambridge to Ely on Saturday. What time would you prefer to depart by?
I don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by [11:00].
TR0718 arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would that work for you?
That works perfectly. I am also looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help me with this?
Sure, I can help with that. Do you have an area, or amenites I should look for?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the north area.
[Hamiliton Lodge] is a 3 star hotel with internet and parking in the north area. Would that work for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Yes it is in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating and also includes free parking and internet. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on thursday.
I was able to book the room for you on Thursday for 2 nights. The reference number is 73MSEUIQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a place to stay in the east with free parking?
how about acorn guest house?
If it is in the East part of town, and has free parking, then that sounds great, thank you!
Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you, I'm just looking for information today. I have everything I need now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thats enough for today. thanks
Thank you for using our service today!


Hi, can you help me book a taxi to go from [Jinling Noodle Bar] over to [Tenpin]?
I'd be happy to help you, when would you like to arrive at tenpin?
I would like the taxi to arrive in Tenpin by [21:45].
Booking completed. Please look out for a grey BMW! Contact number is 07914917823. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Enjoy your time in Cambridge! Goodbye!


I am looking for some info on [rice house] restaurant.
Rice house has cheap food and is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre. May I book a table for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for a party of 8 at [11:15] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MA263EB .
I was hoping to eat for longer than that. Any chance you could book it for at least one hour?
Your booking has been successful. There is no direct time limit for your meal once you arrive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
OK thank you very much for your help.
You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye!


How much does it cost to take the bus in [Cambridge]?
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to [london].
The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?
There are a few to choose from. Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?
Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?
There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
No price preference, whatever you recommend.
[Finches bed and breakfast] is a cheap guesthouse in the west with a 4 star rating. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from monday.
You are booked at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is LMAP8LOO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book passage on a train on friday, from cambridge to birmingham new street.
What time do you want to depart?
It needs to leave sometime after [15:45], and I'll need 7 tickets.
Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
nope, would just like it to leave after 15:45
Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZTJU607W . Anything more I can help with?
That will be all. Thanks for your help! Bye!
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Hello, are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?
The [Ballare] nightclub is in the center of town. Would you like more information about this place or other suggestions?
Can you give me the address and postcode for that nightclub?
Of course, I can. The address and post code are heidelberg gardens, lion yard and cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am all sent, thank you.
Excellent! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.
the train id is TR5154 and it leaves cambridge on friday
I am actually leaving on Saturday from cambridge.
The train id is TR2895 and it leaves cambridge on saturday .
Great, can you please book it for 2 people and give me the reference number? Thanks.
You are all booked for Saturday. The train departs at 05:59 and arrives at 07:27. The price is 13.28 pounds.


What restaurants are on the east part of town?
There are several restaurants in the east part of town. Would you like something in the moderate, cheap or expensive price range?
expensive
[Grafton Hotel Restaurant] serves British food, it is on the east side of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Great, thanks for your help. That's all I need.
Goodbye.


Yes i need to book at hotel.
Sure thing! Which area and price range?
Oh wait. I really want to find a museum.
I have about 23 museums to choose from. Is there a certain area of town I can focus on?
What do you suggest? I don't know the town, so I don't have any idea where to go.
I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery, it is in the centre and the entrance fee is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, thanks! But will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?
There are many expensive restaurants in Centre. Is there a certain type of cuisine that you prefer?
an expensive [British] restaurant, what would be one you would recommend?
oh may I suggest [midsummer house], it's great and I go there all of the time
Sounds nice, I will book for 2 people at [14:30] on Wednesday.
Your reservation number is ZK239M8H . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
Have a good time.


I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town.
There are many churches in the center of town. Would any of those interest you?
Yes that sounds lovely. Do any of those listed charge an entrance fee?
[Great Saint Mary's Church] charges a fee of 2 pounds, but it is the only church with a fee listed.
Ok, could you also give me the phone number and postcode for that?
The phone number is 01223350914 and postcode is cb23pq
I'm also looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after [20:15] on Sunday going to Peterborough.
TR6958 leaves cambridge at 20:34. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please make a booking for 7 people
Fine. Your fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is T6LUYKFN .
Great thank you that should be all
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant by the name of [Royal Standard]. Do you know where it is?
Yes, royal standard is in the city centre at 290 Mill Road.
Great. Could you please book a table for 1 at [16:30] on Saturday?
I was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard. Your reference number is: FZP2XK9Q . Do you need anything else today?
No, that is all I needed, thank you so much. Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for allowing me to help. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [swiss] food.
I'm sorry but there are no swiss restaurants in town. Can i offer you something else?
How about [vietnamese] food?
Yes [thanh binh] serves vietnamese food and it is in the west part of town can i help you with anything else?
could I have the address and phone number please?
thanh binh is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and phone number is 01223 362456.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve vietnamese food.
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're wecome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Can you tell me if [warkworth house] hotel has wifi.
Yes I can confirm that Warkworth house has internet, can I help with anything else?
Do they have free parking, and what is their phone number?
Yes, and their phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, thank you.
Sure. Glad to help.


I'd like a taxi to the [ugly duckling]
What time would you like to depart at?
I need to actually arrive by [19:15].
Where will you be departing from today?
I will be departing from [parkside police station].
Your grey Honda is booked, and the contact number for the driver is 07817450562. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that's great, thanks.
Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called [Yu garden].
I can help with that. They are a chinese restaurant in the east. It is rather expensive. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Yes I need a booking for 3 people at [17:30] on sunday. I also need a reference number with that.
It's booked for you and your reference number is J2CIDCSA . It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need to find a hotel in the area. Can you help me with that?
What area do you wish to book a hotel room?
I have no preference on location, but something in a moderate price range with free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.
I've found quite a few hotels that match what you're looking for. Would you like to be in the same part of town as your restaurant?
Actually, could you check for a hotel that also has free wifi?
Yes, the hotel has free wifi. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, same three people for four nights, from the same day, Sunday.
I have several. what area are you looking to stay in?
I don't really care. Where would you book, if you were in my shoes?
I would suggest the [Acorn Guest House]
Let's book that one. Please send me the reference number.
Booked! Reference number: ANQ5V11Q .
Thanks, that's what I needed.
Would you like anything else?
no, thank you
Okay then so long!
Thanks, I'm all set. You can end this conversation on your end now!
Have a lovely day.


I have been robbed and looking for help.
Would you like me to contact the Parkside police for you?
No, I need to find out the address, phone number, and postcode of the location I was robbed.
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
What is the address and postcode?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode:CB11JG. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all. Thanks for helping.
Thank you goodbye


I would like to find a train going to Leicester leaving after [18:30] please.
Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday
OK, i have TR8207, it has a trip duration of 105 minutes and is 37.80 pounds. Does that sound ok for you?
That sounds perfect. I will purchase the ticket at the station. Thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I'll also be needing a place to stay. Can you find me a hotel type place? I don't need free internet.
I have many available options. What side of town would you like?
I don't mind where it is, but it should be 4 stars with free parking.
We have three options available would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
If there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, hotels usually start skimping on other things when they offer free internet.
They all have free parking and internet. I have Huntingdon Marriott in the west and expensive. Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west. And University Arms Hotel is expensive in centre.
The [cambridge belfry] sounds good as long as it is 4 star with parking. I will need a booking on sunday.
How many days would like to stay?
I would like to stay on Sunday for 1 person, 2 nights please.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is R5YPRGU0 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You are very welcome. Have a great visit!


Can you help me find a [Chinese] restaurant please?
I'm sure I can. We have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would like to be in the centre of town, and if it could be inexpensive, that would be ideal.
How about the [Charlie Chan] restaurant?
Do they have a table available for 5 people on Wednesday night?
For what time please?
I would like the reservation at [19:30] please.
I'm sorry but I was unable to make a booking. Could we try another day or time?
Can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
I am sorry there are no others in the same area and price range.
What about another restaurant in a different area but same price range?
I am sorry there are no others in any other areas,could I check another price range?
No thank you I need it in that area and pricerange.
There is an [asian oriental] cheap restaurants called [Dojo Noodle Bar]. Would you like to book there instead?
I suppose that would be all right.
A table is reserved for you at Dojo Noodle Bar. Your reference number is AEQLOL33 .
Thank you for all your help today.
Have a lovely day. Goodbye.


Need a train leaving monday to bishops stortford.
I can help with that. I have 10 different trains that can get you there. Did you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by [15:15]. I'm leaving from Cambridge as well.
There is one leaves at 13:29, arriving at 14:07. Would you like a reservation on that?
Yes, I need the train ID, please.
The ID is TR4861. How many people would you like tickets for?
I only need one ticket, please.
The total will be 10.10 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 1EJQJWS2 . Is there any other help you need?
Yes I am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves [italian] food please.
There are three possibilities. Pizza hut city centre, ask or zizzi cambridge. Would one of those work?
[Pizza Hut City Centre] sounds fine. Could you book a table for 7 people there for me?
Sure, what time are you looking for a reservation at?
It'll be for [10:45].
Ok great and what day would you like the booking to be made for?
The same day as the train which is Monday.
Yes I was able to book that for you and your reference number is YTANICP1 .
Awesome! That will be it for tonight. Have a good day. Bye.
Glad to be of help. Good day to you too.


Hello, I am looking for information about [Trinity College].
No problem. Trinity college is located on Trinity Street and there is a 1 pound entrance fee. The phone number is 01223338400. Did you need anything else?
No thank you that was all.
You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I almost forgot, I need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the moderate price range. And can you confirm the attraction type for Trinity college please.
We have 21 restaurants in the centre area with a moderate price range. What type of food would you be interested in? Trinity College is listed as a college.
Is there a restaurant in the center that serves [international] food but moderately priced?
There are two restaurants that serve international cuisine in the area. Would you be interested in The Varsity Restaurant, or the Bloomsbury Restaurant?
I'm interested in [The Varsity Restaurant]. What is the phone number, postcode and address for this restaurant?
The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to book a taxi from [Trinity College] to [Varsity Restaurant], though.
I'll be glad to help. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave the attraction by [14:00], so book the taxi for [10:00].
You're all set. A red volvo will pick you up. Your contact number is 07236406962. Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thanks for helping me out.
not a problem! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Hello! I'm looking for a train that leaves after [10:15] on Sunday.
Where is your departure and destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to peterborough, please.
Train TR1492 departs from Cambridge at 10:34 on Sunday and arrives at Peterborough by 11:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 1 person.
Unfortunately, there is not a train on Sunday matching your criteria.
Are you sure there are no trains going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday leaving after 10:15? What about TR1492 that you said?
The TR1492 train to peterborough leaves at 10:34 and arrives at 11:24, may I book this trip for you?
yes, book that for me and get me a reference number.
The booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GQSOT34U .
Thank you. Can you also help me find a hotel for my group?
Do have any hotel preferences like price or location?
The hotel name I am looking for is named [Hamilton Lodge].
The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced and have a 3-star rating. They offer both free wifi and free parking.
Can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from Friday, please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q52LOX3W . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have been a great help already. Thanks, and have a nice day. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to go in the west?
Absolutely, what kinda of place you are looking for?
I don't know. Can you recommend something?
[people's portraits exhibition at girton college] is a museum in the west. can i give you the address
I need the phone number and entrance fee please.
the phone number is 01223338901, admission is free.
I also need a train ticket on friday leaving peterborough arriving by [15:00]
TR2521 will arrive at 14:38. Would you like a ticket?
No, thanks. That is all for me.
Thanks for visiting, have a lovely day!
Actually, there is one more thing. You've given me the train ID, and the arrival time in Cambridge. But, when does the train depart Peterborough?
The train departs at 13:48.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.
excellent, have a great day!


I am looking for a certain hotel. I think it is called [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast
Would you like their address or phone number?
First of all, do they have free parking?
Yes, they do.
I am also looking for a good attraction in the center part of town.
There is All Saints Church , do want the adress and phone number ?


I am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the North can you help?
Unfortunately, there is nothing available in that area.
Then can you find a hotel in the west with a moderate price range that includes free wifi?
There is nothing like that available either. Would you like to try searching for something else?
how about one that has free parking?
There are two hotels in the west that have free parking. One is in the expensive price range and one is in the cheap range. Which would you prefer?
I would prefer the cheap range. Can you book for me 8 people for four nights beginning on Friday? I will need the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is : WPCH771U . You will be staying at [The Cambridge Belfry] in the west area.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find something fun for me to do while I am in town?
I would suggest visiting the old schools.
Are there any parks around?
There are several parks in town. In the centre there's the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, and a few others in the north, east, and south. Do you have a preference?
I would it to be in the east and could I get a postcode. Thanks goodbye
The cherry hinton water play is located in the east and the postcode is cb18dw.


I am hoping to get information about some places to go in the centre of town.
[Great saint mary's church] is an architecture site in the centre of town.
Can I get the address please?
Great saint mary's is located at market square and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for somewhere to stay.
What ammenities do you need for your hotel ?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and include wifi.
I found quite a few. What area would you like it to be in?
Do you have anything near my attraction in the centre part of town?
Yes, there is one. It is [cityroomz]. Want me to book it for you?
I'm not ready to book. Can you tell me the address and type please instead
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road and the postcode is cb12tz.
And what is the type of cityroomz?
Cityroomz is a hotel.
Thank you so much, that is all I need today. Goodbye.
Thank you for visiting Cambridge and have a great weekend.


I am looking for information on the [kirkwood house].
Kirkwood house is a guesthouse located at 172 chesterton rd on the north side of town. Phone number is 01223306283 with free parking and wifi. Is there anything else?
Yes please. What is the price range?
It is moderate. Can I help further today?
No, that was it. Thank you for the help.
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for the nearest police station.
The nearest police station is the Parkside Police Station on Parkside. The postcode is CB11JG. The telephone number is 01223358966.
Can you please give me the written address as well?
The addres is Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. Can I help you find anything else?
That will be all today thank you.
Are you sure you do not need any thing else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
You are welcome! Message us again if you need anything else.


Hello, I'm looking for a train to get me to london kings cross.
Ok. Will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, Cambridge and I want to leave on Sunday. I need travel time
Travel time is 51 minutes. What time were you hoping to leave?
I would like to leave after [13:45].
There is a train that leaves at 15:00 would you like me to book that train for you?
No thanks, I just needed the travel time for the train departing at 15:00.
The travel time for TR 9386 is 51 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, goodbye!


I'm looking for [Milton Country Park]. Can you tell me about it?
Of course, it's a park located in the north area of town and has no entrance fee. The phone number there is 01223420060
What kind of attraction is it?
It is a country park? Would you like to find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food and located in the centre of town.
[The Varsity Restaurant] is your best bet. Would you like a table there?
Is that in the moderate price range?
It sure is. May i book it for you?
No thank you but I would like the full address and phone number please.
The address for [the Varsity Restaurant] is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi between the two places? I want to get to the attraction by [20:45].
Your taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Could I please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?
Yes. The contact number is 07874698505 and the car type is a Grey Skoda. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that was everything that I needed help with. Thank you very much for helping me.
Have a great day!


I need something in the realm of entertainment in the centre of town. What do you have?
There are no entertainment venues in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different part of town, or a different type of attraction?
Stay in the centre, but try looking for architecture attractions please.
I have 5 different architecture attractions I can offer. Can I suggest Holy Trinity Church? Or would you like something else?
That sounds interesting. Could I please get the [church's] address and postcode?
Holy Trinity Church's address is market street and the postcode is cb23nz.
Thank you. Can you help me with a train for thursday?
Certainly what is your departure location and destination? And what time would you like to travel?
Leave after [15:45], from Cambridge to Leiceister.
There's a few choices, but here's one that I think will be a good fit. Train TR3564 leaves on Thursday at 17:21 and arrives by 19:06. Is this good?
That sounds great, I have everything I needed. Thank you!
Welcome, hope you enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
The Cambridge Belfry fits your request. Would you like to book a room?
Sorry. I prefer a guesthouse. Does the [Cambridge Belfry] meet that requirement?
I apologize, it does not. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Yes, it should be in the cheap price range.
How about [allenbell]? It looks lovely.
Sounds interesting! What area is it in?
The allenbell is in the east area. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have internet?
Yes, the allenbell meets all your needs. Shall I book the guesthouse for you?
Wait, first let me know: do they have internet access?
Yes, the Allenbell has internet service. Would you like me to book this location for you?
I don't need a booking yet. I do need the postcode, though.
The postcode for the Allenbell is cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you also please tell me the area that is in?
Sure, the Allenbell Guesthouse is located in the east. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help today.
You are more than welcome!


I am looking for information about [city stop restaurant]?
I have pulled up City Stop Restaurant. What information do you need?
I would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at [19:45]. and can i please get a reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OMKMNJEM .
Alright, thank you very much. That's all I need for now.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.
We have quite a few, I'm sure we'll be able to get you where you want to go. Where is that, exactly?
I would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.
I have quite a few trains that fit your criteria. Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
Departing from cambridge and I want to arrive somewhere around [20:00], can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too.
The TR2508 arriving at 19:06 sound okay to you?
That sounds great, thank you. Could you book that for me for 7 people? I will need the reference number as well.
I completed your booking. The reference number is C11MOBV7 . Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes , I also need to find a place to stay. Preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.
Sure! Our database contains 18 guesthouses rated 4 stars. To narrow down the search, could you tell me in what part of town you'd like to stay?
I definitely want to stay in the east part of town.
I have six entries matching your request. Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
The price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting Tuesday?
I'm sorry. There are no rooms available for that stay. Can you choose a different day or shorter stay?
How about 1 night?
I was able to book the [A and B Guest House] for 1 night. Booking was successful. Reference number is : 995PR933 .
thank you, you've been quite helpful
Glad to help. Have a lovely day.


I want to find an expensive restaurant serving [mediterranean] food. What is the address and phone number?
[La Mimosa], at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, is expensive and serves mediterranean food.
What is their address and phone number?
Their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525.


I need to find some information in a particular restaurant. Are you able to look up a specific place?
Absolutely. What is the name of the restaraunt you are interested in?
[kohinoor]. i want to book a table for 2 people at [16:45] on Thursday
Sure. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : X9AVZ8EI . Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a Thursday train.
What location will you depart from and where are you headed?
Depart from Ely and would like to arrive by [13:00] in Cambridge. I need to book it for 2 people I also need a reference number. Thanks
Sure thing, it's booked and your reference number is PWSVK4XQ . Do you need more help?
Nope, I'm all finished for today. Thanks so much, goodbye now!
You are very welcome, bye!


Are there any good [polish] restaurants in the city?
I'm sorry, I don't have any Polish restaurants in the area. Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
Hm, how about we try the centre area for the polish food.
There are no Polish restaurants in the city. Would you like to try something else?
i will try [british] food
There are 7 British restaurants in the centre to choose from. Would you prefer a moderate or an expensive price range?
i'd like an expensive, please.
I have 3 listings for fitzbillies restaurant,the cambridge chop house and midsummer house restaurant.
Can I get a table for 8 at [Fitzbillies]? Thursday at [12:15], please.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : YONTCHWD . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from peterborough on thursday. I'd like to arrive in cambridge by [09:30].
There are 7 trains that can get you there, the earliest is levaing at 05:19, the latest at 08:19. Do you have a time you'd like to leave the station?
No, I do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in Cambridge by 9:30.
Let's get you on the TR9303, it leaves Peterborough at 8:19 and gets to Cambridge at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'll need tickets for my entire party.
If i remember right, I had you as a party of 8, I booked 8 tickets for TR9303. Cost is a total of 132, total reference # 011FPABG .
Yes, that was correct. Thanks for all your help. My ride is here. I've got to go. Bye.
Have a nice day.


I need to find Addenbrookes Hospital.
The hospital is located on Hills Road. Anything else?
May I have the hospital phone number please?
Their telephone number is 01223245151.
Thank you for your help. That is everything I needed.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?
I don't have information on deals, but I can book as many tables as you need. Do you have a cuisine in mind?
Yes, the [efes restaurant]. I'd like to book for 6 people at [12:00] on sunday. Could I also get the reference number?
Yes great I made your reservation and your reference number is SGSSGX8P .
Hi I am also looking for a plane, leaving Monday at [6:00].
I'm sorry, I do not have information about plane travel, could I book you a train instead?
Yes, I would like to go to the airport on Monday.
What is your destination?
Going to Stansted Airport, from Cambridge.
TR7460 leaves at 6:40 would that work for you?
That should be fine. Please provide me tickets for the same group of people. I will also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2L1LA91L
That is everything, thank you for your help.
Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I need a place to stay with free wifi but I don't need free parking, thank you.
I am showing 2 guesthouse and 1 hotel. All are moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Do you have any in the cheap price range?
9 of the 10 results returned are guesthouses. What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter as long as it's on the moderate range.
Do you have a preference for location? I'm showing guesthouses everywhere but the city centre.
I just need to find one that has room for 3 people to stay 3 nights starting from Saturday.
the avalon is available,, would you like to book now?
Yes, let's go ahead and book with the [Avalon].
Ok. The booking was successful and your reference number is C35XS6YE .
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat in the centre area and that serves [indonesian] food.
I'm afraid that I didn't find any restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine, or a different part of town?
are there any indonesian restaurants elsewhere?
There are none in town. Shall I try another type of food?
how about [lebanese] instead?
There's actually a great Lebanese restaurant in that area, Ali Baba. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, book the table for two. Also, make it a late dinner?
Okay, I will book the table for two at a moderate restaurant.


I will be flying into Stanstead airport on Wednesday and need to connect with a train to cambridge from there, can you help me?
Sure, what time are you looking for?
I'd like to leave after [13:30].
There is a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Wednesday at 14:24. The trip will take 28 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds. Do you want to book now?
Yes please get me 8 tickets.
I have booked 8 tickets. The total for that is 80.8 GBP and is payable at the station. Your confirmation code is C7D09SVQ .
Thank you. Can you also help me find a museum to visit?
In what area would you like the museum to be?
In the west please, I am open to suggestions just let me know what the postcode, entrance fee a number are.
I would suggest Kettle's Yard. They are on Castle Street in the west. They offer free entrance. Their address is 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223748100.
[Kettle's Yard] sounds great. May I have the postcode please?
Sure. The postcode is CB30AQ. It is free to enter. Would you like further information?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you so much!
Thank you enjoy your day.


I need a place to eat in the cheap price range.
I see there are 110 restaurants in the cheap price range for you. Is there a certain type of food you are wanting?
Let's see what's near the east area, first.
[The Missing Sock] is a fantastic international restaurant located in East in your price range. Would you like further information?
Can you book me a table for five people on Monday at [six fourty five]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I please have the reference number?
Your reference number is S31VX69C . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking to visit Ely on Monday and needing to book a train seat to get there.
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?


I am looking for a restaurant serving [modern american] food in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry I find no modern American food listed in any price category. may I try another cuisine for you, perhaps Italian?
Yes how about [Turkish] then?
Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would fit that criteria. Can I reserve one for you?
yes i reserve to [Anatolia] restaurant.
I'd be happy to make your reservation. First I will need to know the day/time you're looking for and how many are in your party.
I'm sorry. I don't actually need to reserve at this time. I just need the phone number and address if you could provide that.
Sure. Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That would be it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.
Both the [Gonville] and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.
I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.
Ok, have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Thanh Binh].
We have a restaurant by that name at 17 Magdelene St. in the city center. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll have 4 people to dine at [16:30] on Thursday.
You're all set! Your reference number is 2MNU3F8K . Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a train there as well?
Yes I can. What's your departure time and city please?
Forget about the train and help me find a theatre to go to while I'm in town
There are 5 located in the center.
Could you give me the post code, area and entrance fee for one of them?
Sure, the ADC Theatre is in the city centre at postcode cb58as. I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Okay. I need a taxi to get to the restaurant by the booked time.
I can book you a taxi and I will get you a confirmation number


i will be in Cambridge and i am looking for a boat
Great! I can help you with that. We have boats located in the east, north, and centre area. Which area you prefer?
How about in the north?
Okay, the Riverboat Georgina is located in the north on cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Post code is cb43ax and phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks for the info! I also need a place to stay in the centre of town. I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.
We have a three star and a four-star hotel. Did you have a preference?
I do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.
I found a hotel that fits your need. Would you like for me to book a room?
No, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? Do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the moderate cost range?
I have found 1 hotel that meets your needs. It is Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I would just like the number and postcode for [Cityroomz].
Okay, the phone is 01223304050 and postcode is cb12tz
Okay, that's all I need. Thanks, bye
Have a wonderful time.


I need to book a train Friday to London.
First I need your departure and the times you want to leave or arrive.
I believe I was in error. I need a hotel in the centre with 4 stars.
There is the [university arms hotel] in the expensive price range that has 4 stars would you like me to book that for me?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does
Excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 4 nights on Thursday?
I have booked it for you. Your reference number is 653HK2T2 .
Great. Now can you help me get a train from Peterborough?
What time would you like to leave?
I'm flexible on the departure time as long as I get to Cambridge by [12:30] Thursday.
TR7094 leaves at 07:19 and arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, I will discuss it with my daughter. How long does the trip take?
The trip is 50 minutes.
I think that is all the info I will need.
Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your visit and have a great day.


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby it should have the [neurology] neurosurgery department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge and has a neurology department. Do you need the phone number?
No, I just need the postcode, please.
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you, I think that is all I needed.
Be careful, let us know if we can be of more assistance.


I am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in [Indonesian] food, please.
There are no restaurants serving Indonesian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
what about [italian] food?
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] is a restaurant serving Italian food in the north part of town. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, may I have the address and phone number please?
The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Have a good evening.


I need to find a moderately priced [vegetarian] restaurant.
We don't have any moderately priced vegetarian places in town. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different price range?
Unfortunately no, it has to be vegetarian, so i will have to make my own accommodations, thanks.
There are no vegetarian options in the area.
Okay, what about [international] food?
I have two - both in centre. The varsity Resturant and Bloomsbury. Would you like to book one?
Make a reservation at [Bloomsbury] please, for Thursday night.
What time do you want to dine and how many people in your party?
Please book for 6 people at [17:00] on Thursday. I'd also like the reference number.
Your table was booked. Your reference number is MLK7FV6P .
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on thursday. Arrive by [17:00].
Would you be interested in TR9427? It arrives at 16:08 and departs at 15:40.
That would be just fine.
How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book, but could you tell me the total travel time, please?
Sure thing. Travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that should be all for me today. Thank you so much, you've been very helpful!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'd like a taxi to [riverboat georgina]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to leave after [5:15].
Got it. Now I will just need to know where the taxi should pick you up from
The departure site is [peterborough train station]
Booking successful. Grey honda, contact number 07022908010
Thank you that is all I need.
Great! Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a train that goes to Stevenage and arrives before [10:30]. Is there anything like that available?
Yes, there are three trains per day that would work for you. When will you be traveling?
I am leaving Cambridge on Thursday.
The TR0552 arrives in Stevenage by 9:21 and costs 12.80 pounds. Shall I book a ticket for you?
No, that is all the information I needed. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I really would like to go to an attraction in the east area. Something fun maybe?
I have ten places in that area, what type do you prefer?
No, surprise me! I would just like the entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode, please.
The [Cambridge Artworks] is a great museum in the east. They are at 5 Greens Road. They offer free admission. Their postcode is cb13ef. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that is everything.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hi, I would like to find Parkside Police Station please.
Of course, the phone number is 01223358966, the address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Is everything alright?
That's it. Thank you!
Great. Have a good day.


I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse.
Of course, in which area of town will you be staying?
I want it in the west, and it should be moderately priced.
There are 3 in the south all of them have free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday. I will need the reference number also.
You're booked at the [Bridge Guest House], ref# BWMDVCV1 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?
university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?
No, but The [Lensfield Hotel] meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?
Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
There are several trains leaving on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?


i need information about attractions in the centre.
Certainly, are you looking for a museum, theater, college, nightclub or something architectural?
A nightclub would be nice
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, Kambar comes highly recommended. Would you like more information?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode? Also, I'm looking for a restaurant in the same area. I'd prefer [british] food. Can you please help?
The phone number is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb. There are 7 british restaurants in the centre. Do you have a pricerange?
Thank you! The price range that I would like is expensive.
There are three choices for that price range, [Fitzbillies Restaurant], The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. Can I book one for you?
Yes please book one of your recommendation for Tuesday at [18:00] for 7 people.
Okay, I have successfully booked you at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is 740QI7VI .
Thank you goodbye
Thanks for letting us assist you!


I am looking for an attraction to try out in the west part of town, what is available?
I have 13 attractions on the west and i can assist you make a choice if i know your interest and budget?
You can just choose one for me-I have no preference, I'll just need to know the entrance fee please.
You might enjoy the Museum of Classical Archaelogy. It has free admission.
Sounds great. Thank you! Also, can you give me some information on a restaurant called [Kohinoor]?
The Kohinoor serves [Indian] cuisine. It is located in the town centre and has reasonably priced food.
Does reasonably mean cheap?
Yes, reasonable means adforable
No, what I meant was is it the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range specifically?
It is cheap. If you would like I could search for another more expensive Indian restaurant for you.
No thanks, Kohinoor sounds fine. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.
It's my pleasure. Have a nice day.


I am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.
There are 24 guesthouses across the city. Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Yes, I am hoping to stay in the centre.
There are two options. [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] and [El Shaddai]. Would you like a reservation at one of these two choices?
Do either of those have a 0 star rating and are in a cheap price range?
Yes, the El Shaddai has a 0 star rating and falls in the cheap price range. They're located in the city centre as well. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, do they have internet?
Yes, both have internet and parking.
Can I have the postcode for that one please?
Sure. Their postcode is cb11eg. I can book a room for you if you would like?
I'm not sure if I'm ready to book, but I'd like to also find a train if I can please.
I have over 2,800 listings for train departures. Where are you looking to go? And when?
I'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to stevenage.
Ok, the first train from cambridge to stevenage leave at 05:21, there is a train every two hours until 23:21, any time preference?
I need it to leave after [08:30].
TR8913 will leave at 09:21, would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can you make a booking for me for 6?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station Reference number is : 4OCMA9VI .
Okay, thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for all of your help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!


Hello, I would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.
There are 5 hotels in the town center, ranging from cheap to expensive. Which would you like more information on?
I'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.
[Cityroomz] aligns with your criteria. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately there are no rooms available, do you have a different day or shorter stay?
Will I be able to stay for 2 nights?
Yes, you're all set for 2 nights at cityroomz on Sunday for your party of 3. Your reference number is L8OVTI18 . What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any [italian] restaurants?
There are 15 Italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or price range you'd prefer?
I'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the Hotel
[Pizza Express] is moderately priced and located in the centre area, does that sound ok?
It does indeed. Can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? [12:00] would be the perfect time for lunch!
I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference numbers is T0R20O9D .
Thanks! Is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? It needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.
No problem it is booked the contact number is 07499208880
What is the car type of that taxi?
It is a yellow Honda. Is there anything else I can help you out with?
That's it. Thank you very much for the help!
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need help with anything else. Have a great day!
That's all I need, goodbye.
Farewell, and have a beautiful day!


I need a hotel in north Cambridge.
There are 2 hotels in the north area of town, both have 2 star ratings and offer free wifi and parking. Can I book one for you?
Is the parking free?
Yes they have free parking.
Yes, go ahead. I need it for Tuesday for 3 people and for 3 nights. Could you send me a reference number too?
What day will you be staying there?
I told you Tuesday can I speak to a manager you are not paying attention.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KZHALMQD . anything else?
Can you also find an expensive [british] restaurant for me?
There are many good British restaurants in town. One of my favorites is [Graffiti] on the west side of town. Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes, please. Can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? We'd like to eat at [20:00], if possible.
Your table has been booked for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday at Graffiti. Your reference number is BA1VAKNA .
Perfect, thank you. That's all I needed.
Excellent! Enjoy your visit.


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves [venetian] food.
There is not matching places that fits your request. Can i help you with something else?
Are there any [Asian Oriental] restaurants in that price range?
Yes. [Kymmoy] is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town.
Thank you. May I have their phone number?
Their number is 01223 311911. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you.
Thank You good bye


Hey. I'm looking for a train to stevenage
What day will you be traveling on?
I would like to travel on Monday evening.
Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge. And I'd like to leave after [18:00].
TR9082 leaves at 19:21 the cost is 12:80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes. I'm also looking for a museum on the East side of town please.
I have 4 museums in the east. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Which would you like?
I would like Cambridge Artworks. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for it?
Phone is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.
Thank you for your help.
you're so welcome, is there anything else i can help you with?
No, I don't think so. Thanks for your help!
Thank you goodbye


I need to book a taxi to take me to [Riverside Brasserie] at [11:15].
Sure thing, where are you going?
I'm going to riverside brasserie.
Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from the [Marriott Hotel] in downtown Cambridge next to the theatre.
Is that the huntingdon marriott hotel?
No, sorry I'm actually departing from [saint johns chop house].
Ok, just to confirm, you'd like a taxi from saint johns chop house to riverside brasserie at 11:15?
Yes, but I want to leave after 11:15. When you book it can you get me the car type and contact number please?
All right, sir, you'll be picked up in a blue BMW. The contact number is 07348606520.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
welcome.enjoy the ride


I am looking for a place to stay. Do you have any recommendations?
We have many great places in town. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
I would like free parking, if available. Everything else is not really an issue.
Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east, and despite it being in the cheap price range has a 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.
anything else i can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was just told I should go ahead and make the reservation. Do you have a hotel that has the same 4 star rating but in the north?
I think you would love the [Avalon]. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, book it for 6 people for three nights, starting on Wednesday!
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 43FLT7MR .
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel. What do you recommend?
There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend [hakka].
Is that is the mid price range?
Its in the expensive range. Do you want me to search for something else?
That is all that I need.
You are all set then, have a wonderful day.


Hey, I'll be in Cambridge and I'm curious about the local restaurants. Can you find me a moderately priced one that serves [European] food?
Sure, how about the [Hotel Du Vin and Bistro]?
Is that found in the center?
Yes, this restaurant is found on Trumpington Street in the centre.
Can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? I want to jot this down in case I get lost.
The phone number is 01223227330, the postcode is cb21qa and the address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking.
Sure, do you have a part of town you prefer for this?
I don't have a preference. As long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.
I'm afraid there isn't a guesthouse that meets all of those requirements. Are they all important to you?
Can you find me a moderately priced one?
There are actualy 12, but I recommend bridge guest house, would you like more info or a booking?
The [Bridge Guest House] sounds fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people.
Your room has been booked. The reference number is 6N17JECV .
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I would like a restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 14 restaurants that are in the west area of town. What kind of food would you like?
[English] food, please.
No restaurants serving English food are located in the west part of town. Would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine?
How about [british] food?
[Graffiti] is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
Yes, please. And can you also give me their phone number?
Certainly. The phone number for Graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road .
I need the address, too.
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye


I am looking for the price range of a restaurant called [Rice boat].
Rice Boat is in the expensive price range. Can I help you with something else?
No, that is all I needed thanks. Bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I am looking for a train to London Liverpool Street.
There are many trains that travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday and arrive by [17:45].
TR5212 departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. It leaves on Friday 17:59. Would you like to book it?
No, that one won't work. I have to arrive by [17:45].
I have train TR9956 that departs at 15:59 and will get you there by 17:27. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would work. Can you book me 4 tickets please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5EM7DTZ . Is there anything else?
Would you like to make another reservation?
Your train has been booked, reference number X5EM7DTZ . Is there anything else that you need help with today?
what attractions do you have in the south?
There is a lovely park, Wandlebury Country Park. There is a great theatre on Clifton Way as well. It is called The Junction. Do either sound interesting?
Can I get the postcode and entrance fee for [The Junction]?
I do not show an entrance fee amount and the postcode is cb22ad. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. I think that's everything. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.


Hello, I'm planning my trip to cambridge, and I'm trying to find a hotel called [alpha-milton guest house]. Can you help?
Happy to help! That is a guest house in the north and is considered moderately priced.
Perfect. will you please give me the address, area, and phone number?
Yes, their address is 63 milton road. It is in the North par of town. Their phone number is 01223311625.
I also need to know about a restaurant called [sala thong].
Sure, it is a Thai restaurant in the west part of the city. It is expensive but very good. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the phone number for Sala Thong?
Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to know the price range, and area.
They are an expensive restaurant in the west area. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for the help.
Have a great day!


Hey there, I want to get a train to Cambridge for Thursday please
Okay, from where are you departing?
I am coming in from the Stansted Airport.
What time will you need to be traveling?
I would like to arrive by [15:45], need the departure time and train ID.
Okay the TR2473 leaves at 14:24 and arrives by 14:52. It's 28 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an attraction in the centre area.
what type of attractions are yopu looking for?
multiple sports please. whatever that is.
Whatever it is, there is not a spot for in the centre, shall I search for something else?
How about a college instead?
Christ's College meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address and phone number please?
Yes, here you go saint andrew's street and 01223334900
Thank you. Is there an entrance fee?
Nope. It's free!
Thank you for your help.
Welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks so much for your time. Bye.
You're welcome, have a good day


I can't wait to get to Cambridge and try some of the restaurants I've heard about. Can you tell me about one of them? I think the name is [Little Seoul].
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre which is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Table for 8 at [15:00] on wednesday.
I'm so sorry, but Little Seoul was unable to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can we do the same day at [14:00] instead?
The booking was successful, reference number is 0F3L674U
Great I also need to get a train on thursday leaving from cambridge.
Where will you be wanting to go?
I'd like to arrive in Norwich by [13:15] if possible.
I have a train leaving cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in norwich by 12:55. Would you like me to book that for you today?
Thats is great, I need it for 8 people as well, and can I get a reference number as well please?
Sure thing. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : WOWBP7SK .
That's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a nice trip! Goodbye!


I need to speak with the police.
The Parkside Police Station's telephone number is 01223358966.
What is the postcode and address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. The postcode is CB11JG. Are you alright?
Yes, just a minor car accident. Thanks for all of your help!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thanks.
Have a good day.


Howdy! Is the [Hamilton Lodge] still open?
Yes, this guesthouse is open. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Monday for 5 nights.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place in the same area?
How about another hotel in the same price range?
Would you like to book a room at the [acorn guest house]? It is in the moderate price range like the Hamilton Lodge.
Yes that will be fine.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1WRSIG9U . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!
Happy to help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!


I'm looking for [Scandinavian] food in any area.
I am not able to locate a Scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice?
Yes, could you look for a [Vietnamese] restaurant?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
That will work. I would like the address and phone number to the [Thanh Binh] restaurant please.
Their phone number is 01223 362456. How else may I assist you?
I need the address too please.
The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is ther anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.


CAn you help me plan a trip to see a particular attraction?
Do you know the name of the attraction, or what type of attraction it is?
Yes, I am interested in the [Scott Polar Museum].
Would you like to book tickets?
No, I'd like their phone number if you have it available, please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223336540. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range please.
Is there a certain kind of food you would like?
I love [Italian]
ask is a nice place and serves Itailian food,o you want the adress ?
Is that in the north?
Ask is in the centre
Is there any restaurants located in the north side of town?
There is one. It is [da vinci pizzeria]. Shall I book it?
Yes, please book it for [13:30] on Saturday for 8 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OM7H5U4 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for boats to look at. Can you look in the south?
I'm afraid we don't have any boats in the south. Would you like to try another area?
Are there any boats in the park?
There are only 4 boat attractions in town. Camboats in the east. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter are in the centre of town.
Thank you. Are there any parks in the south?
There are 2, both free. They are sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, and other is wandlebury country park. Would you like information on either one?
Could I get the entrance fee for [wandlebury country park] please?
The park is free. There is no entrance fee.
Could you help me find a restaurant in that area?
There are nine places in the south any preference on restaurant type or price range?
I'd like a moderately priced [Italian] place.
The [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton is located in the South and has a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Yes, I need to get their phone number and address, please.
Their phone number is 01223323737, and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, could you also book me a taxi between the two locations please?
I can arrange a car for you if you'll tell me whether you'll be travelling from the park to the restaurant or vice-versa, and tell me the date and time.
I need to leave the park by [16:15].
Booking was successful. Expect a grey Lexus. Their number is 07386542982. Anything else?
Thank you for all your help. That should be everything today.
My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Is there anything in particular you are looking for? Hotels or restaurants perhaps?
I'm looking to take a train on Sunday leaving from Kings Lynn.
I would be happy to assist you. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge.
I would like to leave after [11:15].
The first train departing Sunday after 11:15 is TR1152 leaving at 12:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
what is its price?
The price is 7.84 pounds per ticket.
Okay. And what would be the length of travel?
travel time is 47 minutes
Thanks for the train info. I am also interested in visiting attractions in the center of Cambridge.
I would be happy to assist you with that. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Any one would do but I would need the phone number
all saints church is a attraction of architecture in the centre phone is 01223452587
Can we also look at hotels in the same area as the attraction?
Of course I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
Actually, I won't be needing a hotel after all. Thank you for your help.
Your welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Again, thank you.
Glad I could help you find what you were looking for. Hope you have a great day.


Hi there! I'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. Can you help me?
I'm sorry I don't find any four star hotels.
Can you check if there are any in the east?
Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
no I waill call back thank you and goodbye
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. A guesthouse is fine also.
I have three options. Would you perhaps like to book at the Carolina?
Sure, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 4 people, 2 nights please?
Everything is all set, your reference number is P7XQVC1N if you have any further questions. Is that all?
I'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. The [Peking restaurant]? Can you find it for me?
Sure! It is in the south area and the address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant where is it found? and what is their food type?
peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
What area is the restaurant in?
It is located in the south.
Thank you! That will be all. Goodbye!
No, thank you for visiting the city of Cambridge!


I'm looking for an [Italian] food restaurant located in the centre
i got 9 options.what is your price range?
Thank you! I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
Okay, I recommend [Zizzi Cambridge]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. It needs to be for 4 people at [18:15] on Thursday.
I was able to book your table successfully. Your reference number is T8HBG78O and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Do you need any further assistance today?
Well, I also need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with a 2 star rating.
We have many guest houses, but none of them have a two star rating. Could I find something else for you?
Yes you can The hotel should be in the same area as the restaurant
I would suggest the [acorn guest house].
Okay thank you. Please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.
I will book that for 4 people.
Thank you. What is the address?
The address is 154 chesterton road.
I need a cab to commute, to the hotel by [18:15] and I need the contact # and car type too please
Okay! From where will you be departing?
Actually I will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 18:15 restaurant booking. How silly of me to tell you that I was leaving the restaurant.
Your taxi is confirmed. You should look for a white lexus. If you need to contact the driver, the contact number is 07179268142.
That is all I need today thank you.
You're welcome. Please contact us again if you need any further assistance.


I need to find a place that serves [European] food to eat at.
I have 11 results for european restaurants, what area would you like to dine in?
In the centre, sorry didn't I mention that?
What price range are you looking for?
I need one in the expensive range.
There are three options: eraina, michehouse cafe, and darry's cookhouse and wine shop. Which would you prefer?
Wine shop sound good. Could I have their address and postcode please?
Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and the post code is cb11ln.
Thank you so much. Can you help me book a train too?
I certainly can. Which departure and destination did you have in mind?
I'd like to depart Cambridge on Sunday sometime after [9:45].
Where would you be going to?
I'll be heading to Stevenage.
I have the TR8464 train leaving at 11:21 and arriving at 12:10. Would that be good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book me 6 tickets for that train please?
I have you booked on that train. Your confirmation numbers is NLV3A4JF .
I appreciate all your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.


Can you help me find a place to eat?
What sort of food are you looking to eat?
I'm looking for an expensive [indiian] restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 5 options to choose from, I recommend the [tandoori palace]. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That sounds great. I need a table for 1 on Wednesday at [19:45].
Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DGO6TW9S .
Okay I also need a train that leaves on Thursday.
Sure where are you departing from?
I need to get to London Liverpool Street by [09:00].
Ok, your best bet to get from cambridge to liverpool street is TR4127, leaving at 05:59, arriving at 07:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes for 1 person. i'll also need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QGJMVZR4 . anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!
Great. Have a nice trip. Good bye.


Can you help me find a train to cambridge?
I sure can! Where are you departing from?
I need to leave Kings Lynn on Tuesday after [15:15].
We have eight trains leaving for Cambridge that day after 15:15. Is there any time you prefer?
No, as long as it's after 15:15. What times are available?
Trains leave at the following times: 16:11, 17:11, 18:11, 19:11, 20:11, 21:11, 22:11, and 23:11. Which would you prefer?
The 16:11 train would be fine. I'll need the booking for four people. Can I also have the reference number please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 86PRM3M8 .
I also need reservations for [thanh binh].
What day and time would you like the reservation for? Also, how any people?
I want to reserve a table for Tuesday for 4 people at [20:45].
Your reservation for 4 people at thanh binh this tuesday at 20:45 was successful. Your Reference number is : AB4V9SVP .
Thank you, that's all I needed for today.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train that leaves after [13:45] on Wednesday.
Can you give me departure and destination locations, please?
Yes. I'm departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.
The TR3470 leaves at 16:32. That's the first train on that route after 13:45.
Thank you, can I get tickets for 2 people and the reference number if successful?
I will book that for you now.
Can I have that reference number please?
I will have that reference number in one moment.
Okay thank you, and I need the postcode too.
Booking was successful. Reference number is ZT7XX7WQ . Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go in town. I'm looking in the city centre. Do you have anything available? What is the postcode?
what kind of attraction do you want?
can you recommend something fun. i dont know this area.
I recommend [Vue Cinema] in centre. The zip code is CB11ps.
thanks. i think that took care of everything. thanks. bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.
Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.
I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after 12:15 please.
There are no trains that leave after [12:15].
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?
I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday
I was able to book you a room for 2 at [city centre north b and b], the reference number is 57F4S22N . Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now. Thanks for the assistance!
Okay great! Glad I could help.


I'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.
I have 24 possible matches for you. Is there a certain price range or area you want to be in?
I would prefer it in the South please.
How about the [Bridge Guest House]?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?
Yes, they do offer free internet and parking.
Ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on saturday?
Your room is booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref#06M9TH0M . Can I assist you with anything else today?
What places are there to go in town? What about museums?
byard art is a good museum and entrance is free


I am looking for a place called [abbey pool]? Is there one in cambridge?
Yes, I have a listing for that. What information would you like?
Could you provide me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?
Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee for them, but you can reach them at 01223902088 to get that info. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel on the west side.
I found two, huntingdon marriot hotel and the cambridge belfry. Do you have a preference?
I definitely want a 4-star place with free parking. Which of those meets that criteria?
Yes, they both meet your criteria. Which one do you prefer?
I think the [huntingdon marriot hotel]. Could I get the passcode?
Just to clarify, were you wanting the postcode. If so, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi to pick me up from the [abbey pool and astroturf pitch] at [20:00] and take me to the hotel.
A white ford will be picking you up at Abbey Pool at 20:00. The contact number is 07835847552. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your assistance!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
I love the acorn guest house. Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the [Acorn] first?
It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?
What kind of price would you like to pay? I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.
The [allenbell] guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?
They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X . Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by [14:00].
TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Yes, that's wonderful! I need 5 tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D7VF1LOX .
Great that's all I needed today thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge.
can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
Well, I like [Mexican] food, and will be staying in the south part of town.
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] is a great restaurant in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on wednesday at [17:15]? Can you send me the reference number for the reservation?
Sure, give me one moment to book it for you.
Can you also help me find a hotel in the same area of town?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse with internet and parking.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It should be the same price range as the restaurant.
The [Lensfield Hotel] is a great option in the south. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 2 nights for 7 people for Wednesday.
I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need the reference number?
Booking for Chiquito Restaurant Bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q96J0YHE . Lensfield Hotel booking complete, reference number : 2JQ95YF9 . Anything else today?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!
happy to help. goodbye.


I'm interested in getting some entertainment later.
There are some entertainments available do you want the information?
Awesome. Can you give me some information on local theatres?
There are 5 theatres one in the south and 4 in the centre. Is there an area you prefer?
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the south? I also need a restaurant that is moderately priced in the centre.
The theatre is called, The Junction. It is located at Clifton Way, cb17gx. The phone number is 01223511511. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee or not.
Thank you. Can you help me find a moderately-priced [Latin American] restaurant in the centre?
I was unable to find any in that area, do you have any other place you'd like to try?
Actually, let's try another kind of food. How about [spanish]?
We have [La Tasca], at 14 - 16 Bridge Street. Would you like a reservation?
No but I would like the phone number.
The phone number is 01223464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Thai] food and is in the expensive price range.
[bangkok city] is a recommended thai restaurant in the centre.
what is the address and phone number ?
Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
No further assistance needed. Goodbye.
Thank you.


can i request a taxi from my hotel to the city center Chinese restaurant?
What is the name of the hotel you are staying at ?
Erm, nevermind, I need a nightclub in the centre of town.
There are five nightclubs in the centre of town: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Do you want to know more about any of them?
Yes, please. I need the address and postcode of the one you recommend.
Club Salsa is definately the place to be. It is located at 1 station road, postcode: cb12jb. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would also like to book a table at [maharajah tandoori restaurant].
My pleasure, when would you like to dine at the maharajah tandoori restaurant?
I would love a reservation for Sunday for 2 people at [18:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : A5YKASS8 .
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [italian] food
There are two italian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive option?
Moderate is fine, can you give me the address and postcode?
Pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, postcode C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.
I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after [21:00].
Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.
TR8533 will leave Cambridge at [21:50]. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.
The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?
Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
I would like the expensive choice please. I need their information.
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is a expensive hotel in the east with a 2 star, would you like their adress
Does it have internet and free parking?
Yes, it does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, I just need their postcode, please.
Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant
What type of food are you interested in?
I am not looking for a specific food type but I would like it to be in Centre please.
[dojo noodle bar] is a cheap restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
What type of food is that?
That is asian oriental. Is that okay?
Sounds good. I am also looking for a place to stay in the East. Can you help me find something?
Sure thing, what price range are you looking for?
im looking for the expensive price range
We have one expensive hotel in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi?
How about autumn house?
Actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?
Autumn house is cheap but it is a guesthouse. Is that okay?
No, I need a hotel please.
I'm sorry, there doesn't appear to be any cheap hotels located in the east.
how about one that has free parking?
no I am sorry something else perhaps?
You mentioned earlier about the [Autumn House] being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. I guess I can do a guesthouse. Let's book there please for Friday.
Of course! How many rooms will you require and for how many days?
There will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting Friday please.
Booking was successful. The reference number is : RHFZM04W .
I will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by [23:00]. I will need the car type and contact number.
Where are you going?
I am going to the restaurant
Alright, I have you in a yellow volvo and their contact number is 07925575178. How else can I help?
Thank you for the booking of my taxi. That is all for now.
Enjoy your visit to the restaurant.


I need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave on tuesday.
There are several trains that may suit your needs. Do you have a particular destination in mind?
I would like one going to Kings Lynn and should arrive by [11:00]
My last train of the day for Kings Lynn is TR7548 which departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's fine, thank you! That's all I need.
Thank you for using our service today.
it has been my pleasure.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, I am also looking for an attraction in the town centre. Can you locate anything architectural?
The Holy Trinity Church on Market Street is a great attraction that meets your needs. Does that sound good?


Can you help me find a place to stay? It should be cheap.
There are 10 cheap places to stay. Do you have any other preferences or would you like my recommendation?
I would like a recommendation for a cozy Bed and Breakfast.
May I please have the specific area and price range? So that I may narrow down the search.
A cheap one. I don't have a lot of money. One with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting friday please.
I have no cheap bed and breakfast places, shall I try another type or price?
Try another type.
I have 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range with wifi. What part of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay on the east side.
The Allenbell seems nice. It has four starts. Does that work?
That will be fine. Can you book the [Allenbell] for my stay?
I have booked the Allenbell for your upcoming stay. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need that reference number, please.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another guesthouse in the same price range?
Wow, I'm certainly glad I asked for the reference number! Yes, please do try another in the same price range.
I'm sorry for the this. I successfully booked for you accomodation at autumn house. Your reservation number is 9ZA0N2FW .
Awesome, thank you for your assistance. Bye!
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!


I need a restaurant of moderate price in the west.
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west. Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
I would like to eat [British] food please.
I recommend the [saint johns chop house]. It should suit your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thanks. Can I get the address with postcode please?
The address is 21-24 northampton Street and the post code is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you. Have a great day.


I would like a cheap [Mexican] restaurant, please.
What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care
I'm sorry, but our only Mexican restaurant is expensive. Would you like more information or could I search for another type of restaurant for you?
Is there any Cheap [vietnamese] locations?
Thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant.
May I get the phone number of Thank [binh], please?
The phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456. May I help you with anything else today?
No, I believe that it's. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.


I need a place to dine that is expensive in the centre.
I can help with that. Did you have a price range in mind?
Expensive, please. [British] food.
Okay, I recommend [midsummer house restaurant] in Midsummer Common. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would love that. I need to make the reservation for 8 people for [16:15] on Thursday.
Ok, you're all set, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : 48QP48K1 . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for handling the restaurant. I will have time to check out the town. Do you have multiple sports in the same area as the restaurant?
No, there aren't any multiple sports places in the centre. Would you like me to check a different part of town?
Why don't you try looking for a college in that area instead please
There are 13 colleges in the centre. I recommend downing college.
Okay, that sounds nice. Can you give me their phone number and tell me their entrance fee?
01223334860 is the phone number, and entrance is free. Anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You have a wonderful day and a great trip.


I'm looking for mid range [spanish] restaurants, can you help me?
I have a listing for la tasca in the centre area,can I book you a table there?
Sure. That sounds like a nice place. Go ahead and book that for me.
What day and time are you looking for? How many people will be in your party?
I need a table for 6 people Sunday night at [17:00].
I was unable to find a table at that time. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please?
There are no other Spanish places in that area, another area or type perhaps?
Any in the same area, and price range please.
[The Copper Kettle] is a British restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range, would you like me to book that for you?
Okay, again for 6 people Sunday at 17:00.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 840ZVK1R .
OK, that's all I need today, thank you!
You're welcome. Please call again.


I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge.
I can certainly help you with that. Where are you traveling to and do you have a certain departure and arrival time?
I need to leave for leicester on Sunday after [11:45].
Train TR7678 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
No. Could you just tell me the travel time and ticket price?
Sure train TR7678 leaves at 12:21 and arrives at 14:06. That is a total time of 105 minutes. The cost is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks! i'm looking for places in the south that are parks
There are 2 parks in the south. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. I'll need their phone number and address please.
The wandlebury county park's phone number is 01223243830 and the address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham
What is the postcode, please?
The postcode for Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is cb22ad. Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!
Glad I could be of help. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive [european] food.
There are five restaurants that meet your criteria. 3 are in the center of town, 1 is in the north, and 1 is in the west. Do you have a preference?
Any of those should be fine. Can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at [14:45] on Saturday?
Booking was unsuccessful for all restaurants. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
I would like for you to find me one on Saturday after [12:00]. Can you please book me for one with that time in mind?
This time slot was also not available. Was there another day or time I could try to book for your restaurant visit?
Are there any times which are available on Saturday?
I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some system errors. Can you please restate your preferred time for your reservation?
I would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at [13:45] on Saturday. Can I please have a reference number?
Thank you for restating your requirements clearly. Your table is reserved, and your reference number is DMIEPETY . Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Leicester to Cambridge leaving on Saturday and arriving by [10:00]. I need the train ID, travel time, and departure time for that train.
Train TR2969 leave Leicester at [08:09] and arrives at 09:54, travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and thank you
Of course! How many tickets would you like?
I only need one ticket for myself.
Sure. Reference number is VM04EL37 and the fee is 30.24 GBP
Thank you so much. That is all I needed.
Thank you. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a train out of cambridge on Saturday.
No problem! Where do you plan to go on Saturday?
I want to go to Kings Lynn.
Alright, when do you want to leave and arrive?
Arrival time is not important, but the train should leave after [14:30].
Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : QA65LM7A . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. Sounds good
Have a wonderful day.


Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town. The hotel needs to include free parking.
How about arbury lodge guesthouse? It's moderately priced.
That sounds great! Can you tell me more about it?
The [Arbury Lodge] has 4 stars and is located at 82 Arbury road, in the north. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 8 of us.
You are booked and your reference number is NY842ATU . Can I help you with anything else today?
That should do it! Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


Yes I am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.
There are quite a few restaurants in the center. What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
Hmm. I feel like discovering something new. Which restaurant would you recommend?
I would recommend Papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
That sounds great. Could you book a table for one at [11:15] on Friday?
I'm sorry, Papadoux is not coming up. There is an expensive African restaurant called Bedouin in city centre. Would you like me to try that one instead?
Yes, or any in the same expensive range and the centre area.
I apologize the Bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes one in the same area and price range please.
Okay I was able to book you into the [Kymmoy], an expensive Asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is YCQWEGOS .
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you for all your help.
So happy we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a [british] restaurant in the centre of town.
We have 7, in fact. Do you have a price range in mind? If not, the Copper Kettle is a moderately priced, popular choice.
That one sounds great! Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you book me a table at the [Copper Kettle] on Tuesday at [19:15] for 2 people?
Sure, the Booking was successful. Reference number is : BUPKJYTW . May I help with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town. A attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Yes, are there any architecture attractions?
Of course, there are five great architecture attractions in the center. All but one are free admission as well. Any preferences?
Which one is closest to the Copper Kettle?
That would be the [All Saints Church] on Jesus Lane. They offer free admission. Would you like any other information for them?
Could I get the phone number, please?
sure, their phone number is 01223452587. is that all?


Yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?
I can definitely help with that. What day would you like to travel? And what is your desired destination?
I want to travel on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
There are 19 different trains on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after [14:30]. Could you find me a train for that time?
The first train to leave after 14:30 is TR6982 and leaves at 15:11
OK, could you book me 7 tickets for the TR6982?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse while I'm there. I'd like a place that has free parking.
There are a number of guesthouses. Do you have a price range and an area that you prefer?
No. What is available?
I have 21 places that fit what you want. Do you have a price preference?
Not at the moment. Can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate 7 people?
Is there a specific area of town you would like to stay in?
Not particularly. I just need one for 5 nights starting Monday. Whichever you recommend.
I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a guesthouse, would you be able to check in at a later day, or could you stay for a shorter period?
Can you book it for 3 nights?
You're booked at the [Acorn Guesthouse] for 3 nights, 7 people, starting on Monday. Your reference number is WU51A5WI . Can I help with anything else today?
I do not need anymore help. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Enjoy your stay! Let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future!


I was involved in a car accident and need help sorting it out.
Where did the accident occur? Are there any injuries?
I am not familiar with the area, but I am more concerned about the current car accident dispute.
Have you contacted the police?
Not yet. Can you help me with locating the postcode?
The postcode for Parkside Police is CB11JG. Do you need further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
I hope everything turns out alright for you. Please contact us again if we can provide any more information.


I need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?
Yes, I have the database ready, do you want info on a specific hotel or a search?
I'd like a hotel named [Warkworth House], and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on Saturday.
How many people?
8 people, for 3 nights.
What day of the week will you need that?
Does saturday work?
Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is HKW4G2VT .
Could you give me information on [Cambridge and County folk museum]?
It's a museum located at 2-3 castle street on the west side of town. Postcode is cb30aq and the phone number is 01223355159. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Thank you. I'd also like to get a taxi between these two places.
Can you specify a departure or arrival time?
We want to leave the hotel by [24:15]. What is the contact number and car type?
You have a booking for a black volvo at 24:15. Contact number, 07253606087.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you for using our system today!


Can you give me information on hotels in the centre?
What price range are you looking for?
Not interested in the price, but I would like it to be a 4-star hotel.
We have two. I recommend the alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse.
I'm sorry. I needed a hotel, not a guesthouse.
The [University Arms Hotel] meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking or more information?
Yes please. I need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Friday.
Your reservation at university arms hotel this friday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : ZUWP7UJK .
Great, can you also find me a [Japanese] food restaurant in the expensive price range?
[Wagamana] is good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Can you please book a table for one at [12:45] on Friday?
I have completed that booking. The reference number is A2Q5X07S . Can I do anything else today?
Thanks so so much! That's all now, bye!
You are very welcome! Take care!


I would like an expensive room, in the East.
I can recommend the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking? And is it a 2 star hotel? Because that is what I'm looking for.
Yes it is. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please. Could you please book it for 1 person starting Thursday for 4 nights
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Yes, are there any other hotels in the same price range?
No that is the only hotel in that price range. It there anything else?


I need a train from cambridge on sunday.
There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.
I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after [09:00] and head to Peterborough.
I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.
I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP . Do you need anything else?
I also need information on a hotel called [hobsons house].
Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced. It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?


I am looking for some [Italian] food today.
We have several Italian restaurants in town! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Are any located in the Centre?
There are 9 Italian restaurants located in Centre, would you like a recommendation or do you have a particular price point in mind?
I'd love a recommendation. I'm looking to book a table for 4 at [17:30] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the [stazione restaurant and coffee bar]. Address is Market Hill City Centre Reference number is : OHN98K8U .
Thanks. can you help me with a cheap place to stay also in the centre of town?
I have 2 cheap hotels that are cheap in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Yes, but the place will also need to have 4 stars and free parking.
I am sorry but I did not find one with your request, with free parking and 4 stars, can I help you find one in a different area?
Really? Can you try again? A 4 star accommodation (type doesnt matter) that is cheap and in the centre with parking
I have found one result, a guesthouse. It is [alexander bed and breakfast].
Okay. I'll need that booked for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday. Please send a reference number.
Your booking at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for a party of 4 for Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is: X8LLFDAV . Anything else today?
Thank you, but that is all I need for now.
Thank you for using our services.


I will be visiting Cambridge soon and can't wait to see some of your local attractions. I do need your help with some information.
Of course. We have so many attractions! What part of town will you be in?
I need a 4 star room in the centre please.
I have two options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
A hotel in the moderate price range. Thank you!
Unfortunately, I am not seeing any 4 star hotels that are moderately priced in the centre. We could try a cheaper hotel or a guesthouse?
How about in the cheap price range?
I'm sorry, but there are no cheap hotels in the center of town, either. The only cheap hotel is on the west side.
Nevermind. Do you have info on [gallery at twelve a high street].
Sure do. Their address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264, and entrance is free. It's a museum on the Eastside.
Thank you very much for your help, have a nice day.
Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


I need to find where [Whale of a Time] is located in Cambridge.
It is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill
Okay, could I get the postcode for Whale of a Time, please?
Of course, it's cb238el. If you need to contact them, the phone number is 01954781018. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a hotel.
Great, do you need the hotel to be in a particular part of town?
Yes in the Centre please and 4 star.
I have the alexander bed and breakfast that is cheap and university arms hotel that is expensive.
Can I book [University Arms] for 5 nights starting Sunday for 3 people?
I have you booked for 5 nights, 3 people, starting on sunday, your reference number is LNK1GUUK . Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I also need a taxi leaving [Whale of Time] at [17:45].
What is your destination?
I need to go to the [University Arms]
Booking completed! A blue skoda taxi. Phone, 07460247020. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need at this time, thanks for your help!
You have a great night.


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.
great, i have three options for you.
If it helps, I do not have to have internet. Please tell me my options.
[Allenbell] is available, would that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Thanks.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, for 5 people on saturday.
How many nights will you be staying?
5 nights, and I will also need the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TJLZZC10 . Will there be anything else today?
I also need a train to Peterborough.
Can you please give me the departure point, the day and time you want to leave?
I'm leaving Cambridge on Thursday and need to be in peterborough by [21:45].
How about TR2178? It arrives 21:24.
That's good. Could you please tell me the price and departure time?
The price is 16.50 pounds. Departure time is at 20:34. Would you like me to books seats for you?
no, thanks for your help though!
you are welcome, any time.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town, can you provide me with a list of my options?
Kymmoy is located in the centre of town.
May I have the postcode to Kymmoy please?
Certainly, the postcode is cb12as. Is there any other information you need?
That's all that I needed thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. Any kind of food is good with me; I would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find.
[Restaurant Alimentum's] phone number is 01223 413000.
Can you tell me what type of food they serve?
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening.


Hello, are you familiar with [Warkworth House]?
Yes. They are located in the east on warkworth terrace. Is there any other information you need?
Can you book it for me? Wednesday, 5 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5WQ37WUN .
Can you find a train that departs from cambridge after [15:30]?
What day would you like to travel and whats your destination?
I am leaving on monday and going to Leicester.
The TR6067 leaves at 16:21, will that work for you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for me. Bye!
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.


I need to book a taxi please.
Okay, I will need some more information from you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by [11:45].
Great. Can you tell me where you will be traveling to and from?
I want to go from [wandlebury country park] to [huntingdon marriott hotel]
07426688661 is the contact number, I have you in a grey Toyota.
That's perfect, thanks!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling us. Goodbye.


I need to catch a train out of Bishops Stortford, to arrive by [20:45].
There are many trains. Where is your destination? What day would you like to travel?
Cambridge on saturday.
I have the TR7734 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect, but I don't need it booked just yet. What's the price on that?
The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. Yes, I am looking for a particular attraction.
Happy to help. What is the name of the attraction you are interested in?
It's called St. Catherine's College. What's the fee to get in there, and is it a college, architecture, or what?
It is free.
Is this attraction an actual college still or are the buildings just there for architecture?
It's of the type of college. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all for today!
Thank you for using our service today!


I'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves [Vietnamese] food.
[Thanh Binh] is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant located in the west part of town at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. You may contact them at 01223362456. Would you like to book?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Thursday at [16:30].
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is WJCUA6MT .
Terrific. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
Sure thing, when will you be departing?
Thursday and I'll be leaving from birmingham new street.
There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street at 05:40 and arriving at 08:23 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes I need a booking for 8 people please.
I was able to book the train TR4235. The Reference number is : NIR4Z9CN .
that's all i needed thanks!
You are all set? Or would you like some help with something else?
No that is all. Cheers, bye.
Okay have a great day!


I need a taxi after [21:45] to take me to [jesus college].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from [4455 Woodbridge Road]. It's the hotel next to the Shell gas station and Cambridge College.
What is the name of the hotel you are coming from?
I'm coming from [thanh binh].
I have that booked a yellow skoda with contact number 07116573501.
Thank you for your help, goodbye.
My pleasure. Enjoy your day.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital, this hospital should be the one with an [infectious diseases] department.
Okay, that department's number is 01223217314. Would you like any other assistance?
Can I please have the address as well?
Ok, the Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The postal code is CB20QQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Just to clarify; the hospital does have an infectious diseases department, correct?
Yes indeed they do. The number I gave you earlier (01223217314) goes straight to Infectious Diseases. Is that everything you needed today?
Yes, that's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you again! Is there anything else I could help you with?
What is the address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The postal code is CB20QQ.
Great, thank you. That's all I needed.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


Hello, I will be in Cambridge later on this week and I can't seem to find [King's college]. I am not sure how to find it, can you help?
Yes, Kings College is in the center of town and the address and postal code is King's Parade, cb21st respectively.
And what's the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee, Kings College is FREE!
That's great! Can you also help me find a train going to norwich?
I found 133 trains going to norwich, what date, time or station will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave on Sunday and depart from cambridge.
There are 19 that leave on Sunday from Cambridge. Do you want to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to arrive by [15:15].
I have a train that departs from Cambridge at 13:38 and arrives in Norwich by 14:55. Would you like to place a booking?
I would like to make a booking for 7 people please.
I've booked you on TR8185, for 7 people. It departs Cambridge at 13:36 and arrives in Norwich at 14:55.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that booking?
The booking reference number is 9SDIIVSB . Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed today. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system!


I would like a cheap [Spanish] restaurant.
[La Raza] is a cheap Spanish restaurant. Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes please
La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550 and the address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.


Can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at [Pizza Express fen ditton] please
Would you like to book a reservation at Pizza Express?
What is the price range of [Pizza] Express?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range.
What is the food type at Pizza Express?
It is italian food.
Okay, thank you.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you!
Alright. let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.


Hi there. I'm looking for a particular hotel called the [A and B Guest House].
I have the places info here, what may I help you with?
I need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday.
Okay, you've been booked! Your reference number is GPU1Z9PM .
OK, thank you! I am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after [10:15], could you help me with that?
Yes, there are a lot of options. Do you know what station you'd like to travel in to or out of?
From Cambridge to Kings Lynn please.
TR3566 is the first train leaving cambridge to kings lynn on monday. it departs at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58. How amny tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.
That would be 19.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 7XTP6M2A . Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you. That will be everything I need today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a museum.
Ok, there are 23 museums in Cambridge, was there an area you had in mind, or a type of museum?
How about a science museum?
How about the whipple museum of the history of science?
That sounds cool, I will just need the area it's in and the postcode. Oh, and how much is the cost to get in?
This museum is free to enter. It is in the centre area, postcode cb23rh. Is there any more information that you need?
Yes I am looking for an expensive [Korean] restaurant in the city center.
I have found one Korean restaurant that matches your criteria, the restaurant is named little seoul. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes please. I need a table for 2 on Wednesday at [11:15].
[Little Seoul] does not have an empty table at 11:15. Would you like to try a different time, or a different day?
How about [10:15]?
Your booking has been successful! The reference number is BV8FODGD . Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


Can you help me find a 3-star hotel in the north of Cambridge?
I can book you at the Hamilton lodge if you would like.
I want a hotel that's in the moderate price range.
The Hamilton Lodge happens to be moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking, would you like me to book this hotel for you?
As long as it is a hotel and not any other type, then yes book it for me.
The [Alpha Milton Guest House] is of moderate price and located in the north cambridge area.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting thursday?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is BOBT5BLT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I also need to find a restaurant that serves [chinese] food.
There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a particular price range or area you'd like?
I would like it also to be in the north and moderately priced.
I can recommend Golden Wok, would you like me to book a reservation there for you?
Yes, please book this.
What date, time, and party size would you like to book?
I don't need it booked. I just require the phone number. Thank you.
The phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
That is everything I needed for today. Thanks!
You're welcome! You have a great day!


I'm craving [Indian] food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please
sure i have 14 options for you
Oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the west.
[Tandoori Palace] is the best one. It's at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, cb43le. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, I want to book for 3 people at [16:30] on Friday
Great! I've booked the tandoori palace for 3 on friday at 16:30. Would you like your reference number?
Yes thank you. Please give me the reference number for the restaurant.
Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : XLKZ4515 . Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on Saturday after [19:45]
There are 2 trains that meet your needs. One arrives at 22:10 and one arrives at 24:10. Both are 10.24 pounds. Would you like for me to book one?
No, please just give me the travel time, price, and train ID. Thanks
Which one would you like?
How about all three?
I'm sorry, I would be happy to give you the information. I meant, which of the two trains would you like?
Let's go with the one that arrives at 22:10. I'll need the train ID, price and travel time, please?
Okay. The train ID is TR5842. The travel time is 49 minutes. The price is 10.24 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.
Ok! Have a wonderful day!


Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre
Ok, there are 2 guesthouses located in the centre of town. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to book one?
Do they both include free parking?
Yes, they both have free parking.
How about internet? Can I get wifi for free?
Yes, they both have free wifi as well.
Thank you, that's all. Goodbye.
Not a problem. If you need more assistance, let me know.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves [australasian] food.
i'm sorry, but I cannot find any restuarant serving australasian food . Can i help you find something else ?
how about [international] type of food ?
Bloomsbury Restaurant serves International food and is in the centre part of town. It has a moderate price range and the phone number is 0871 942 9180


Do you know of any places in the south that serve [Italian] food?
We have pizza hut cherry hinton which is moderately priced or frankie and bennys which is expensive. Would you like me to book one of those?
Sure, lets go with [Frankie and Bennys].
Alright, I will need to know how many people are in your party, and what time/day you would like to book for.
I need a table for eight at [15:30] on Sunday.
Alright, I have a table for 8 booked at 15:30 on Saturday. your reference number is 12263FX1 .
Can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?
The Junction Theatre is in the south area. Would you like the phone number?
No, but the address would be nice.
Sure, The Junction Theatre is on Clifton Way.
Great, thank you. Could you help with booking a taxi?
I certainly can when and where will you be leaving from, and where would you like to go?
I'd like a taxi from [Junction Theatre] to our restaurant. Please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations.
I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 15:00. The car type booked is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07952875900.
I think that's all I need for today. Thank you so much for all your help.
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.


While in Cambridge I want to get a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to stansted airport.
There are 19 trains that day. What time do you need to leave cambridge and/or arrive at the airport?
I would like to leave Cambridge after [13:15], thank you
The earliest leaves at 13:40 and the trains depart every hour through 23:40. If you'd like to choose one I can book it for you.
That would be great. How much would it cost to travel to stansted from Cambridge?
It will cost 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes. I am looking for places to go in the centre area. I am looking for college.
There are 13 choices, how do you feel about Emmanuel College?
I wouldn't mind seeing Emmanuel College. Can you give me the postcode?
Sure, Emmanuel College has a postcode of cb23ap.
Can you please give me the exact address.
The address for emmanuel college is saint andrew's street. Is there any other information I can provide?
I think that's all for now, thank you.
Welcome, have a nice day.


I'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the centre of the city.
There are 4 churches and a school with excellent architecture. Any preference?
Can you recommend one? I'd like the entrance fee and the phone number, please.
Old schools is nice. The phone number is 01223332320 and it's free to get it.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north? Can you tell me some hotels in the north?
There are two hotels in the north end. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
What is the cost per night?
They are both in the moderate price range.
If there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the moderately priced hotels will be fine.
There are two cheap guesthouses in the north, if you would prefer a guesthouse to a hotel. Otherwise, which of the two hotels would you like to reserve?
I need a hotel, so I will go with [Ashley Hotel] if it is in the moderate price range. I need to book for 5 nights.
Okay, how many people will be in your group, and which day would you like to begin your stay?
I will have 4 people. I want 5 nights starting from Sunday please.
I'm sorry, those days are unavailable. Can you perhaps shorten your stay or change the day?
How about 2 nights instead?
I've made a successful reservation for two nights at the Ashley Hotel. The reference number is GGM7TFLP .
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes indeed. Bye now.
Okay thank you for using our service.


cambridge has a college that is in the centre. I would like to know more
There are 13 colleges in the centre area of Cambridge. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No, but can you tell me the address for the best one to visit?
Sure, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks. Could you also help me find a place to eat?
Sure! What kind of food do you want?
I would like [gastropub] food.
what about royal standard? it's lovely
Is that in the moderate price range?
It is in the expensive range. However, the cow pizza kitchen and bar is in the moderate range.
Sure, that works. What is the area, postcode and phone number for the [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]?
01223308871 is the number and the postcoade and address is cb23qf Corn Exchange Street
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north to stay at?
There are quite a few guesthouses in the North. Is there a price range you prefer?
Can you run a search for moderately priced guesthouses please?
Do you need free parking or free internet (or both!)? That will help me narrow it down even more.
it doesn't really matter. Book it for 6 for 3 nights on sunday, and I'll need the reference number too please
I have made a booking for your party at [Avalon] hotel on 62 Gilbert Road. Your reference number is SSSLFOYC . I'm sure you'll love your stay!
I would love it more if I wasn't starving. Can you point me in the direction of a good [Chinese] restaurant near my hotel?
I have 3 of them. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I do. The moderately priced restaurant, please.
How about the [golden wok]? Would you like to make a reservation?
Not for now but I do need their address, postcode and phone number.
The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and post code is cb43hl. Phone number is 01223350688.
Thanks very much for your help today.
You're very welcome!
Thanks for everything goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a restaurant that serves [Indian] food in the moderate price range
I have two indian restaurants in the east, and one each in the north and west. Where do you want to dine?
I would like the one in the west.
[Meghan] is in that area and serves Indian food would you like to make a reservation
Yes. I would like a reservation for 1 person at [13:15] on Thursday.
I've successfully booked your table. The reference number is GK41EYSD .
I would like to go to a nice nightclub
We have [ballare] that's night, it's in the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and entrance fee for it?
Ballare is Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard, postcode cb23na and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also going to need a taxi that goes from [Ballare] to [Meghan] and gets me to Meghan by [13:15] for my reservation.
OK, I have a grey skoda taxi booked for you. The Contact number is 07058412849. Is there anything else I can help with today? .
No thank you, that is everything that I need.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.


I need a hotel that is 4 stars on the east side of town.
There are 6 places that fit your criteria and they are all guesthouses. Would you prefer a cheap or moderate pricerange?
I don't care about the price range, but I would like free parking.
I've discovered 5 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Would you like to specify any additional information? If not, I can book a room for you.
Would any of the ones you mention have a 4-star rating as well as free parking?
The [carolina bed and breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse in the east area, with free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like to book for 2 people for 5 nights starting Monday. I will also need the reference number.
Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is GNBKO467 . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I also need something to do in the east part of town as well please.
There are 10 attractions in the East. There are museums, entertainment, boats, sports complex, park, and a pool. Do you have a preference?
No, not really just get me the address to something good.
There are 4 museums that are in the area would you like information on them?
Sure. I just need the address to a place to go that is in the same area as my hotel.
Cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.


I am starving!
What would you like to eat?
[Indian] food in the centre, please.
There are a few of those. What price point are you looking for?
I don't have a price range in mind. Can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria?
How about [Kohinoor]? It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the center. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds great. Can you just give me the postcode?
The postcode for Kohinoor is cb12as. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
One more thing, what's the price range?
Kohinoor is a cheap restaurant.
Wonderful. That's all I need!
Great. Have a wonderful evening!


I would like to book a room at the [Worth House].
Ok. For how many nights?
1 person for 3 nights, please. I'll arrive on Tuesday.
Great! Your booking number is DE8SOFFL . How else can I help?
Thanks, that is all I need.
You're very welcome! Have fun!


I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the South,
Is there any particular cuisine you have in mind?
Not really. What would you recommend?
Taj Tandoori is a great place for Indian food. Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet. May I have [Taj Tandoori's] address, postcode, and phone number, please?
Okay, sure. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The post code is cb17aa, and the phone number is 01223412299. Do you need anything else?
Yes! Can you help book train tickets?
I sure can, which stations will you be traveling between?
I'm going to be headed to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street on Monday.
There are trains every hour starting at 05:40. Travel time is 163 minutes. Is there a time you want to depart or arrive by? How many people are traveling?
I's like to depart [after 16:15.] I just need information, not a booking.
What information do you want in particular?
I need the train Id.
I have a 16:40 departure and the train ID is TR5349.
What time will it arrive?
It will arrive in Cambridge at 19:23.
I'm not good at maths so please give me the total travel time too.
No problem. The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.
Okay great I am glad I could assist you today.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Have a nice day. Good bye.


I am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with [afternoon tea].
Unfortunately, I don't have any places that serve tea that are expensive. Did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served?
No thanks. Instead, could you tell me where to get [Thai] food?
I found two Thai restaurants one is in the west and one in centre. Which would you prefer?
The one in the centre is fine, I would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please.
For how many people?
Can you make sure that's an expensive restaurant?
It is an expensive restaurant yes
Great can I reserve that for 1 person at [14:15] on friday please?
Your table is booked for Friday at 14:15 for 1 person. The reference number is KSS0DI7C . It is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time.
Thank you very much. That is all I'll need today!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good trip to cambridge.


I'm looking for an attraction in the west.
Are you looking for anything in particular? There are museums, colleges, and an entertainment venue on the west side of town.
I think a museum sounds good.
There are several in that area. 4 has no entrance fee and 1 costs 3.50 pounds. Did you have a preference?
I suppose I could visit the one that cost. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?
cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street post code cb30aq. their phone number is 01223355159. is there anything else i could help you with?
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive place to eat after I visit the museum. I'm hoping for [latin american] food.
I'm sorry, there are none that meet your criteria. Is there anything else you would prefer, or maybe a not-so-expensive restaurant?
How about [Indian] food.
There are five options, but I recommend [maharajah tandoori restaurant], would you like more information or a booking?
Okay, please book for tuesday at [13:15]. It'll be 5 of us dining. I'll need the reference number
I am sorry, our system is down and I can't get that booked right now. Is there anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.
Your all set! Sorry for any confusion. Your ref number is 9UQFB5UA make sure you get there 15 minutes ahead!
Thank you. What kind of car will they be driving?
They will be driving a white skoda. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have their contact number?
Yes, their contact number is 07346227585
OK, I guess that is all. Thanks a lot!
You are welcome


I need to stay in the north, 0 stars.
I have found a guestgouse with a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it?
Actually I would prefer a moderate hotel.
I have the Archway House that is 4 stars. And is located in the north. Would you like me to try to book that?
I'm sorry, I misspoke a moment ago. I need a hotel in the cheap range if you can find one.
The [City Centre North B&B] is a cheap, 0-star guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to try booking a room there?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning Friday.
Unfortunately I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please find another hotel.
I was able to book you for the [Worth house] which meets all of your criteria, your reference number is RJUMPPNC
Thank you for your help, that is everything that I need.
Thank you for using our service today.


Hello, can you tell me about some colleges in town?
There are 18 colleges to choose from. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
I'm looking for college attractions in the cambridge area
[Pembroke college] is available would you like to visit that?
Yes please. What area is that in?
It is located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like to book a train for cambridge on tuesday
There are many options to choose from. Can you give me the departure city and departure/arrival times?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street, and I'd like to arrive by [18:45].
I can get you a train that arrives at 17:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes for five people please.
Your booking is all set! Your reference number is 5WATWCJJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that's everything for now. Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Are there any good restaurants to go to near the college?
Sure, I can help you with that. Is there a particular type of food you were interested in?
No. Actually, just find me an attraction in the category of college.
Is there a certain area you would like?
I would like the something in the centre.
[Emmanuel college] is located at Saint Andrew's street and has free entrance. Would you like their phone number?
Yes can you please send me that.
their phone number is 01223334200.
Great. I would also like to find a [polynesian] restaurant in the centre area.
I'm sorry, but there are no Polynesian restaurants in our system.Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there any restaurant with European food instead?
yes there is one in the east i will recommend it to you.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Mexican] food and located in the south part of town.
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] serves Mexican food. It's an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223 400170 and the postcode is CB17DY. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's all I need, thank you very much!
You're welcome.


Hi I am looking for a place to go in the west. Can you help?
I can help with that. What attraction type are you most interested in?
Another sort of attraction. Just let me know the postcode and address.
cb39et cb39et there you are.
What is this place? And could I get the phone number?
So sorry for the system error. That postcode was for Queen's College. The address is silver street.
Thank you. I also need the phone number please.
Their phone number is 01223335511
Thanks! I also need a train to Norwich sometime after [15:00] on Tuesday, please.
Train TR6524 will work for you, can I book you a ticket?
Does it leave from Cambridge?
Yes, train TR6524 leaves from cambridge. May I book it for you?
No. But what is the travel time and when will it arrive?
It would leave at 15:36 and arrive by 16:55.
That will be fine. Can you help me book this?
I can book it for you.
Please make a booking for 1 person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4IYVEZIB .
what was the travel time for the train please?
it will take 79 minutes
ok, thank you very much
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.
welcome any time you need our help


I'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.
I have many options available. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, actually I prefer to stay in the south part of town. And I would love something that offers free wifi.
The [aylesbray lodge guest house] meets all of your requirements and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 8 people, please?
Of course! When would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, please. Is that available?
Great! Your room has been booked for 3 nights starting Wednesday and your reference number is NVZNJX13 . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, are there any kind of boat tours available through town?
There are a few. Do you care what part of town?
In the centre of town, if possible.
Yes there are two companies that offer boat tours in the centre of town, [Scudamores Punting] and The Cambridge Punter. Would you like more information?
Sure but I also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by [6:45].
Ok. I can help you book a taxi from Scudamores Punting. Where do you want to go from there?
To my hotel.
Great! I have booked your taxi, which should be a White BMW and its contact number is 07719541714.
Great, thank you!
May I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks
It was a pleasure assisting you. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves [european] food.
There are several that suit your needs. Any preferences on price range?
Moderate price range, please.
The 4 matching restaurants are "hotel du vin and bistro," "galleria," "de luca cucina and bar," and "riverside brasserie."
Perfect! Can you please book a table for 3 people at [Galleria] for me on Monday at [16:30]?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or time slot? Or perhaps another of the restaurant choices for the same booking information?
Let's try for [15:30] and can I get a reference number please?
Ok. That worked. It is booked and your reference number is QBVP0ZV2 .
Great! I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Something moderately priced, and I don't care about parking.
There are fourteen different options for your guesthouse. Is there a specific area you would like to be in? How about the star rating?
I don't have any preference. Could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on Monday?
Let's go with [acorn guest house]. Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Want me to try something else?
Instead of 3 nights how about two nights?
There seems to be an error. Can you please restate your preferred number of nights, the day you'll arrive, and the number in your party?
Certainly. Two nights, three people, and I'll need that room starting Monday.
Great! Your booking was successful. The reference number is TWU9EM7U . Do you need help with anything else?
I don't. Thanks so much.
You're welcome! You have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [Australasian] food.
There are no restaurants matching your requests. May I help you find a different type of restaurant?
I'd like to find some [Mediterranean] food and need to know their address and phone number.
There is an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223 362525.
Thank you!
thank you goodbye


I want to find a hospital in town. The hospital should have the [neurology neurosurgery] department
I have Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Rd in Cambridge, they have a nuerology and nuerosurgery department, will that be okay?
That would be fine. I just need the phone number and postcode. Thanks.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I got what I needed. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I need to find the police station closest to me please.
The police station is at Parkside, Cambridge.
What is the address and phone number for that station?
The number is: 01223358966. The address is: Parkside, Cambridge. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG
Thank you very much for your help
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
You are welcome, have a good day.


I would like to find a restaurant that serves [Turkish] food in the centre please.
There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, did you have a price range?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.
Great, I have found [Meze Bar Restaurant], they are located in the area of Centre, serve Turkish food and is expensive, how many can I book for and what time please?
I need a table for five at [18:30] on Friday, and I need the reference number too.
I've successfully booked your table. Your Reference number is : AD41BY5A . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.
Certainly, there are 19 trains to Kings Lynn saturday, do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
How about 15:00?
I'm sorry. Was that an arrival time or a departure time?
It should leave after [9:45].
How about train TR9680? It leaves at 10:11 and will arrive at 10:58. Would you like me to book?
Yes I would like you to book that.
How many tickets do you need for that train?
I would need 5 tickets. Can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? Thanks.
Your booking request was successful! the total fee is 39.2GBP and your reference number is FILYRUYS . Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.
Yes I have 4 examples from cheap to moderately priced.
As long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter. Can you recommend one? I do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that meets your criteria. I only have 2 guestrooms that fit your needs, but no hotels. Can I look for something else for you?
How about a 4 star rating instead?
The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel that has a cheap price. Will this work for you?
That might just work out. Can I have their phone number please?
Of course. Their number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book the room?
Yes please. I would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.
No problem, where would you like to depart from, and on which day?
I would like to leave after [18:30] on friday. I want to depart from cambridge.
I would like to suggest the TR0943 train. May I book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.
Ok, you have 3 tickets for a total price of 53.7 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is BIY1ALL0 . Anything else you need help with?
No, I think that's it, thank you so much!
Okay, thank you for using our service.


I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves [hungarian] food.
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your requests. Would you like to change your price range or food type?
Oh, okay. Well, I guess I would like to find a restaurant that serves [modern European] food. Is there such a place available?
There are two restaurants in the centre area and one in the south part of town. Do you have a preference?
No, I do not.
I would recommend [Riverside Brasserie], located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure please, I need a table at [14:45] for 1 person on saturday
Your table at riverside brasserie is booked, one person at 14:45 on Saturday. Your booking reference is UZD82IFV . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that would be it. Thanks. Have a nice day.
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.


I need to find a train that leaves after [13:00] on Saturday
Sure, which stations will you be using?
I'll be departing from [cambridge] and going to broxbourne
TR4334 will leave at 13:01 and arrive by 14:01. Do you want to book this train?
What time is the next one after that? That is cutting it close and I don't want to miss it.
The next train leaves at 14:01 and arrives by [15:01]. Will that work better for you?
book for me that for one person
I will book it for you now.
Can you get me the reference number too?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : TB72NAOO . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a mid ranged priced [Indian] place to dine.
There are four restaurants that serve Indian food in a moderate price range, in which area of town would you prefer to eat?
I want to eat in the east please
Sure, I recommend [Curry Prince] located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Please do. I'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at [10:45]. And give me the reference number too.
It's booked, your reference number is 96K0BBZZ .
Thank you for your time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all today, thank you.
I hope you have a wonderful time.


See if you can find me a train from Cambridge to stansted airport please
I found you 133 of them! What day and time would you like to leave?
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on friday anytime after [18:30]
We've narrowed your options to 6 trains. The earliest leaves at 18:40 and the latest at 23:40. A train leaves every hour. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book me a ticket on the 18:40 train. I will need to know how much the ticket costs and the train ID. Thanks!
OK, your ticket is booked. Your ticket cost is 10.10 pounds, and your train ID is TR8337.
Thank you. I am also looking to find a good [chinese] restaurant.
Okay what area and price range?
Moderately priced in the city centre.
There are three moderately priced chinese restaurants in the centre. Might I suggest [shanghai family restaurant] located on Burleigh Street?
Yes book it for 1 at [15:45] the same day and I'll need the reference number too please
You're all set. Your reference is 3BU5HSE9 and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Then, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. It was my pleasure to serve you. Goodbye.


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to the [lensfield hotel] and should depart from [christ's college].
What time should the car pick you up?
I need to leave after [21:30].
Alright great! The car will be a red ford and the contact number is 07161667298.
Awesome, thank you! That was all I was looking for today. Have a good one
Glad to be of service today. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to dine.
Certainly. What type of food interests you?
I like ethnic food, particularly [Indian] food.
Great, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Which area do you prefer?
Area does not matter to me. Please Book it for 5 people at [19:30] on Wednesday. I also need the reference number.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm having trouble making that booking. Would you like to try for a different time or a different day?
Yes, Please book 5 people at [18:30]. I also need the reference number.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is XOT3L3NR .
Thank you, good bye!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you find me an expensive place to stay that is located in the east?
The only hotel that matches your criteria is "express by holiday inn cambridge." Do you need help with booking?
Does that hotel have a 4-star rating?
It has 2 stars. Would you like to book?
I really would like a 4 star hotel. Is there one in the moderate price range, then?
We have 3 that satisfy that criteria. A and B guest house, Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and Warkworth House all fit. Do you have a preference?
[Carolina Bed and Breakfast] sounds nice. Could I have it booked for 6 people for 4 nights starting on monday?
I have confirmed your booking at carolina bed and breakfast starting Monday for 4 nights. Your reference number is RTNZCSBJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?


I was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with architecture.
[All saints church] is architectural and located in the centre of town.
That would be fine. Can I get the address please?
Sure. The All Saints Church is located at jesus lane.
I also want a moderately priced [Polynesian] restaurant.
I am sorry but there are no moderately priced Polynesian restaurants. Would you like a different type of food or price range?
Could you check again?
I've just double checked. Cambridge doesn't have any Polynesian restaurants at all. Can I look for something else for you?
How about [chinese] food?
[Charlie Chan] is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information or to book a table?
Nah, that's not necessary. I just need the postcode, please.
The post code is CB21DB for Charlie Chan's. May I assist you any further?
I also need a taxi.
Certainly! What are your departure and arrival destinations and when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I am traveling between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by [23:15].
You're all set! Your car will be a red tesla and their contact number is 07799680227 should you need to contact them!
Thank you for all your help! That will be all for today!
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, could you give me the location of the [Saint Johns Chop House]?
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad, on the west side of town.
Great. How about the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353110
Could you tell me what their price range is?
This restaurant is in the moderate price range.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named [leverton house].
What information are you looking for?
The address please.
They are located at 732-734 Newmarket Road, postcode cb58rs.
Thank you for the information on that.
No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a room at the Leverton House for 3 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PY098GT4 . How else can I help today?
No, thank you. That's all for now.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.
There are 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the south of town. Is there a particular price range you're looking for?
I definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. Is the hotel moderately priced, and does it have free parking?
There are no moderately priced hotels in that side of town. Would you like to try a different side of town?
I see, well how about a guesthouse in that area with free parking?
Yes I have two guesthouses in that area. Would you be interested in either of them?
Yes, which one has room for six guests?
For what day would you like me to try booking for?
I need it on Sunday, for 3 nights.
Unfortunately, neither of those guesthouses can take in 6 guests for three nights on Sunday. Might I suggest another day or a shorter stay?
OK, can you accommodate 2 nights then?
Unfortunately, neither guesthouse can accommodate 2 nights. Is there another date you'd like to try for, or would you like to try for 1 night rather than 2?
Is there any other options that we can look into?
Unfortunately those are the only options within that price range. Would you like me to look for a more affordable option?
Just please book for that room for 2 nights.
I'm sorry, as I previously mentioned neither guesthouse can accommodate that request. How about another area of town?
Are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights Sunday for 6 people?
Not based on Sunday arrival - would you like to try another day or shorter stay?
Let's try again. A moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. Sunday, 2 nights, 6 people.
I apologize. There is no hotel or guesthouse in the south with free parking that can accomodate you with those details. A different day or a shorter stay may work.
Could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting Sunday with a moderate price and free parking?
I'm sorry to tell you that there is no hotel in any area of town that meets those requirements and can accomodate 6 for 3 days from Sunday.
Shoot. Well, okay, how about two nights?
I have booked 6 into [Acorn Guest House] for 2 days starting Sunday. It is moderately priced, in the north, with parking. Reference number 0GNWIGNC . Is there anything else?
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne that leaves after [8:15] on tuesday.
Train TR7656 departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 09:01. If this works for you how many tickets do you need booked?
I need 6 tickets please.
I have booked 6 tickets for train TR7656 leaving at 9:01 Tuesday. The total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is SGNRTY27 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Awesome. Take care!


Hello, I am looking for information. Can you help me with a train?
Sure. Can I get some more information? Where were you wanting to go to?
I would be leaving Cambridge and heading to Peterborough on Tuesday.
Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Peterborough by [13:45]. How long is the train ride?
The train ride is 50 minutes long. TR6310 leaves at 12:34 and arrives at 13:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks. No need to book at this time. Can you tell me about a hotel called the [Avalon]?
It is a moderately priced hotel on the north.
Sounds great. How many stars it that? And can I have the phone number?
The Avalon is a 4 star guest house. The phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes please make the reservation.
You need to tell me how many people are staying at what days.
I'm actually going to call the hotel before I make the reservation. I think you for your time. Have a nice day.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?


I'm looking for a moderately priced [Turkish] restaurant.
Sure, there are two. I recommend the [Anatolia]. Would you like a reservation?
is it located in the centre?
Why, yes it is in the center. I can book you a reservation if you like.
Yes can you book it for 3 people Thursday at [20:00]?
I can help you with that. I was able to get you a table for 3 at 20:00 on Thursday. The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. O'm also looking for a place to stay, moderately priced.
There are three to choose from; The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I need one that includes free wifi and is in the centre.
There is one option. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel.
Can you book it for me?
I definitely can. For how many people and how many nights?
Actually I just need to know how many stars they hotel has and the postcode.
It is a 0 star hotel.
And what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you book a taxi to pick me up from [cityroomz] and take me to [Anatolia], arriving by [20:00]? Give me car type and contact info
Sure can, the booking has been completed! The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant.
Again that has been booked your car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.
Okay. Well, if you should need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you and goodbye.


I'm looking to go to a park, can you suggest any?
There are 5 different parks in the city. What area of the city are you wanting to visit?
I would like one located in the centre of town if possible. May I please have the phone number?
I have the cambridge university botanic gardens. There phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also want to eat at a cheap place in the center area.
I would suggest charlie chan
Do they serve [Italian] food?
No they serve Chinese food. Would you like me to search for Italian food?
Yes that would be great. I'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at [18:45] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ZLQ7OVEV .
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you; please consider us for your future travel needs.


I'd like to get moderately-priced [Polynesian] food.
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center?
No I'm sorry there isn't anything fitting those details. Can we try a different area or type of food?
How about [British] food?
I have 5 moderately priced British restaurants in the centre but I do not have any cheap ones. Would you like me to book one of these?
No thank you. Can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address?
The Cotto is a great choice. Their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
As long as they serve British cuisine and moderately priced, that sounds great. Thanks for your help.
They are indeed. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's everything. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!


I'm looking for an hotel in the north.
I have 2 hotels in the north both priced moderately the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
The [Ashley Hotel] will work for me.
Ok would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book a room for me.
Sure, I can do that. When were you looking to stay?
I need rooms for 5 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday. If you could make a reservation that would be great.
You are all set! Your reference number for you booking is 8CAZN8ND . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.
There are no entertainment type attractions in the centre, shall I look up another area or attraction type?
How about a museum instead?
There are 11 museums including cambridge contemporary art, museum of archaelogy and anthropology, and whipple museum of the history of science.
I would like the phone number and entrance fee to the [Whipple Museum].
The museum is reachable at 01223330906 and there is no charge for admission.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


Can you find me a taxi from [backstreet bistro]? I can't leave until after [14:15].
Ok, what is your destination?
I want to be taken to [cineworld cinema]
When do you need to arrive?
By [15] 00 and I need car type and contact number
Booking completed! Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07336608269
Thanks for all your help. Goodbye.
What time do you need to be at the cineworld Cinema?


I need a one-star hotel, please.
I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any 1 star hotels in the area. Can I look for something different for you?
Are you sure?
Yes, quite sure. Would you be willing to step up to a 3 star option? I have some good choices that I'm sure you will love.
Well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars. Cheap though.
There is the [cambridge belfry] in the west that is a cheap 4 star hotel. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I just needed the information for now.
Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yes. I am looking for a fun place to visit while I'm in the west side of town. Is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?
sure! how about [funky fun house]?
What kind of attraction is it?
Entertainment. But I made an error, it is in the east.
Oh, okay. I need something in the west.
[Whale of a Time] is an entertainment attraction in the West.
Thank, I just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.
The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill. When would you want a cab for?
Great. I need a taxi from the hotel to there by [20:30].
Let me find a taxi for you.
I'll need the car type and contact number.
I will get that for you.
Okay, so what is it?
You'll be riding in style in a black skoda. You can call them at 07191841492.
Thank you so much.
Anything else today?
Not you took care of everything I need. Thanks.
Great. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Bye.


I am looking for a [German] restaurant in the expensive price range.
There are no restaurant that fit your description, do you want me to look for restaurant with moderate price range?
Did you try the center of town?
Yes, there are not any restaurants available. Would you like to try a different price range?
How about an expensive [Indian] restaurant?
Yes, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre area. [Curry Garden] and Saffron Brasserie and a few others. Should I book a table for you?
book a table for 2 people at [12:00] on thursday.
I have booked you at Curry Garden. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8TKID5N6 . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by [09:45].
Where would you like to depart from and what is your desintation?
I want to depart from peterborough to cambridge.
the tr8272 will get you where you need to go
When does it depart?
It departs at 05:00.
OK, thanks, I'll take care of it from there.
The price would be 23.60 per person for that train and be 51 minutes long trip. Enjoy your day!


I'd like to dine for expensive [british] cuisine.
Of course, let me help you with that. In which area of town would you like to eat?
Any area is fine. Can I have the postcode for your favorite one?
Sure! I recommend travellers rest. Their postcode is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for right now, thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Good Afternoon. I am planning a trip and need some help with places I can go when I get there.
Sure! We have all types of attractions. Do you have anything in mind?
Not really. I would like to stay toward the centre of town though.
I have several attraction in the Centre of town. Could you provide a preference of type so I can narrow it down?
I would love to check out some modern art museums please
I would suggest [castle galleries].
That sounds great! Can I have the address, phone number, and what's the entrance fee?
Its actually free to the public. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a 3 star room.
There are six options that fit your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you would prefer to stay in?
It doesn't matter, but I prefer a guesthouse over a hotel.
There are a number of guest houses available, the alpha-milton guesthouse is in the north area of town, shall i book it for you?
I just need to know the price range please. And confirm that it has free parking?
The [Alpha-Milton Guest House] is moderately priced, but it does not have free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I actually just want a taxi. I want to depart the hotel by [11:45] and go to the attraction. Please give me car type and contact info too
I have booked a blue volkswagen and the contact number is 07131268482.
Thank you so much!
Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in this lovely city!


I would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves [barbeque]. Can you help?
Nothing matches that search, can I try a different area or restaurant type?
Oh, that's too bad. How about [Italian]?
Yes I have two in the south. do you have a preference in price range?
Either one is fine, Ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at [18:45] on thursday.
i have booked [frankie and bennys] and Reference number is : JMGIG52I .
Great! Thank you. Have a great day!
Thank you! You as well!


I am looking to book a train that departs from cambridge on saturday
Great! I have those trains up. May I now get where you are traveling to?
I am goint to London Kings Cross and should arrive by [21:45].
Sure, I have a train arriving at 19:51 TR0427. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 4 people and will need the reference number.
I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is GW9K5282 . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the centre area.
We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular type you're looking for?
I would like a mutilple sports attraction please.
Would a swimming pool work in its place?
Yes our family likes to swim!
Great! There is just one swimming facility in the central zone: Parkside Pools. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, please get me their entrance fee and postcode.
Their entrance fee is not in our system and they are in cb11ly
Thank you. That's all I need for today.
Have a great day.
Thanks, you, too.
You're welcome! Bye!


I am hoping you can help me with my planning. I am trying to find information on the trains.
I can definitely help you with that. Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.
I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by [13:15].
TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?


I have a taste for [British] food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?
There are 11 restaurants that serve british food, do you have a price range?
No I do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the centre.
I have found seven restaurants available in the moderate to expensive price range. Is there a street you would like to be near?
No, which one is your favorite?
When it comes to British food, my absolute favorite is [Restaurant One Seven]. It is moderately priced. Would you like more info about them?
I would like to try your recommendation. Would you book for Thursday, at [11:00] for 6 people?
I was not able to book you there, anything else that I can look up for you?
Are you able to book [10:00] instead?
Yes. Your reference number is 56MJKUW1 .
I am also looking for a theater in the same area.
I would suggest the [ADC Theatre]. It is in the centre area.
That sound good. Could I have their postcode and address please?
The postcode for Restaurant One Seven is cb21ab, and the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Do you require further assistance?
No thanks, that is everything.
Glad to have helped, have a great day.


I am looking for a train departing after [11:15] from the Birmingham new street location.
There are many trains leaving after 11:15, the closet one leaving to that time will be at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23.
Okay, I need one going to Cambridge on Tuesday.
What is your preferred arrival time?
I don't have a preferred arrival time. Could you just book me one for 13:40?
Will that be 1 ticket on the 13:40 train from birmingham new street to cambridge, then?
No, actually I'll need tickets for two people please. Oh, and can you provide the reference number when you've got it please?
Your request has been completed. The reference number is TTH2AA7N .
Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant serving [Mediterranean] food.
I have 2 results for mediterranean restaurants. One is [la mimosa] in town centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Sure. 2 people at [20:30] on Tuesday. Please give me the reference number.
Alright, you're all booked! The reference number is LW1N1DLA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that should be it thank you
Thank you, if you need anything else please contact us.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4
I am sorry, but there are no 4 star hotels in that area, would you like me to look up another type of hotel for you?
No, thank you. I'll have to figure something else out.
There are 6 guesthouses in the east with 4-star ratings in the moderate to cheap range. Are you interested?
No, that's all that I need. Thanks, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I am looking for [Kings Hedges Learner Pool]. Can you help me with that?
Yes I can. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, please. I need the area and phone number.
Absolutely! It's located in the north and the phone number is 01223353248. Can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train out of here for Saturday.
What time will you be departing?
I will be departing after [09:45] and going to peterborough.
ok, TR9803 leaves at 10:06. do you need a ticket?
Could you tell me the travel and arrival time of this train?
Sure, it leaves Cambridge at 10:06 and gets to Peterborough by 10:56. 50 Minutes total.
Okay, thank you so much for your help.
Would you like me to book the tickets for you today?
NO thank you. That's all I needed.
If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact our help desk again!


I'd like a train to Cambridge on Friday
I can get you a ticket that leaves london kings cross at 05:17 or do you need a later time than that?
Yes, I would need to leave [after 08:00] please.
Can I just confirm your departure station please?
Sorry, I will be leaving from Norwich.
I have train TR3292 leaving norwich at [8:16] and arriving in cambridge at 9:35. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
That sounds good. Can you book it for 7 people?
Yes I will book it for 7 people, and give you the reference number.
Okay, well, let me know when you have that.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9F6CEFRF .
Perfect, thank you! I'm also looking for a restaurant called [Kohinoor]. Can you help me with that as well?
74 Mill Road City Centre is its address
What is the post code please?
Kohinoor is in postcode cb12as. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Please contact us again.


Can you find me a theatre in the centre of town?
We have 4 such places. Any other preferences?
What are their entrance fees?
I'm sorry, but we don't have information on the theaters' entrance fees. Can I help you with anything else?
How about an address?
The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I provide you any other information?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Glad we could help. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!


Are there any [vietnamese] themed restaurants in the west side of town?
Yes, [Thanh Binh]. Do you want a reservation there?
Sure, I'll need a table for 3 at [19:45] on Monday please.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : EP1XT4JY . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes. I also need to book a train.
Sure! What is your departure area and your destination?
I want a car to get me to Cambridge, arriving by [14:00].
What is your departure station please?
Please ignore my last post, I was distracted. I need to leave Ely and get to Cambridge by [16:00].
What day are you looking to book train on?
I'll be departing Monday. Could you tell me the travel time of the train?
the TR6898 train has a travel time of 17 minutes and arrives at cambridge at 15:52. Would you like to book that train or get more information?
no thanks. i have all the info i need. have a good day. bye.
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the east part of town.
I have 6 guesthouses on the east side of town. Would you like more information on one of them?
A guesthouse would be perfect. Can you make a recommendation of one please?
I sure can! I like a and b guest house. Do you want a reservation?
no thank you. get me the phone number instead
Sure. The phone number is 01223315702. What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for things to do in town
We have almost 80 attractions across the city. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I'd like to go to a theatre in the same area of town as the hotel.
we have alot in the centre of town
well in the same area as the hotel I am walking
We actually have zero theatres in the east part of town! sorry about that. Maybe another part of town would work for you?
How about a park instead?
There is one park in the area named [cherry hinton water play]. Would you like more information?
No, I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse at 23:00 going to the attraction. What is the contact information and car type please?
Congratulations you got the tesla.
I still need the contact number please.
the phone number is 01223446100
I'm sorry, but I forgot to get the phone number for the park. Can you get that for me, please?
No problem. The phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need thanks for the help!
excellent, have a great day!


I have a hotel in mind that I need some help to book.
Okay, can you provide the name of the hotel please?
I would like to book the [Aylesbray Lodge guest house], for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Friday
I have you booked for 3 nights starting on Friday. The reference number is 8FLXFYYW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a want restaurant called [la raza] and book a table for 1 at [16:45] and I need a reference number
What day do you want to reserve for?
I would like it for the same day.
You are all set, the reference number is DK9Z8HY4, can I help with anything else?
Thank you, but no. That is everything. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I am looking for information about the the [Cherry Hinton Water Play]
That is a free park on the east side of town. They are located at Cherry Hinton Hall on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446100.
Excellent, I can't wait to visit it! Thank you.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Water Play?
It is a park.
Thanks I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday.
OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time do you want to travel?
I'd like to go to Cambridge via Broxbourne. I'd like to leave on Thursday and arrive no later than [12:00].
I have on that arrives at 11:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Please book it and send me the confirmation code.
Before i book it, could you confirm the number of seats you need?
Just one seat.
Your booking was successful! The reference number is 698RE4W1 . The total fee of 17.89 is payable at the station.
Perfect thanks for the help thats everything I need!
Well I glad i can help enjoy your stay !
Again thank you and have a great day.
excellent, have a great day!


Please find a museum in town.
Cambridge offers many museums. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to look at for your search?
I don't have a preference but can you suggest one and give me their address?
Sure the broughton house gallery has free admission and is located in centre at 98 king st postcode cb11ln
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced [international] restaurant, please?
The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the centre of town and serve international food in the moderate price range.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
What kind of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
I would recommend the [Da Vinci Pizzeria]. They are located at 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
What is the phone number?
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?
The address of Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve italian food .
Thank you! Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need a train departing from cambridge after [17:45].
Ok. There are lots of options. Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Norwich on Monday.
TR6688 leaves Cambridge at 8:36 for Norwich. Would you like to book this train now?
Nah, thanks though. But if ya can tell me when it gets there that'd be good.
I'm sorry TR6688 departs Cambridge at 18:36 and arrives in Norwich by 19:55.
Great. I'm also looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking.
We have five hotels matching those requirements. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I'm looking for something moderately priced please.
There are three choices in that price range: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobson's House in the west.
Let's try the [Hobson's House] please.
Ok. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yeah, could you book me a 3 night stay at Hobson's House?
When would you like to book your stay?
Friday. For 7 people.
That hotel isn't available for 3 nights? Are you able to shorten your stay?
How about one night?
The hotel has been booked for you for Friday night for a total of 1 night for 7 people. The reference number is RJEXYUD1 .
Great! Thank you so much for all your help.
It is our pleasure. Have a great day!


I need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by [11:00].
Do you have a day you want to travel on ?
I want to travel by train on Friday.
The TR5686 will have you in Cambridge at 10:08.
Great I need 6 tickets and the reference number.
Your reservation on the TR5686 train for 6 was successful. Your Reference number is : FD35AIJM .
Great. Can you also tell me about the [bedouin] restaurant?
Sure, the Bedouin restaurant is located in the centre of town at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660. They serve african food. Is there anything else?
Yes, what is there postcode?
their post code is cb12bd.
Great, that is everything I need. May your day be filled with awesomeness.
thanks have a great day


Can you find a theater to visit in town?
There are five theatres in Cambridge: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, Cambridge Corn Exchange, and The Junction. What do you want to know about them?
I would like the address to the [mumford theatre]
it is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road,cb11pt. can i give you their number?
No thanks. Just the phone number was enough. I am also sick of eating at the same [chinese] place all the time. Can you help me find another one to try?
We have many choices. What area would you like?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the centre. I'd love to eat expensive, Chinese food.
great, i've narrowed it down to four options for you
Pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at [18:00] on Monday.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: PBNBR9T7 .
Great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by [18:00] from the hotel?
Which hotel are you staying in?
Sorry I just need to get to the restaurant from The [Mumford Theatre].
Okay, you're all set. I've booked your taxi to the Sesame Restaurant. The car will be a black BMW and the contact number is 07576536594.
Thank you! That's all I need.
I'm happy we could help you today, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need a place to stay located in the west of town.
Ok, I have 4 results for restaurants in the west area,what is your price range?
Actually, I'm more concerned with a place to stay and I'd like it to be in the west please.
I have many choices in the west. Do you have a price range or amenities preference?
If it could be a 4 star hotel with free wifi, that would be perfect.
The [huntingdon Marriott hotel] is a good option.
Can you book it for me for Thursday I'm staying 5 nights. Only one person is staying.
You have a reservation starting on Thursday at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for 5 nights. Your reference number is X4HZQE2D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a restaurant called the [bedouin] for the same group of people at [14:15] and I would need the reference number.
I have bedouin here. Which day would you like to dine?
I want to book it for 1 on 14:15 on Thursday.
I'm not showing it is available for that time. Would you like me to try again or try a different time?
Can you try for Tuesday?
Your table was booked for Tuesday, at 14:15. The restaurant will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B9DBXB04 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for an expensive [indian] restaurant.
I have 14 expensive indian restaurants. What area were you looking for?
Centre is fine!
There are 6 restaurants that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book a reservation for you at the one with the highest rating?
Yes, make reservations for 4 people at [18:00] p.m. on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 78SLGY2S . anything else today?
book a table for 7 people at [12:15] on thursday and get me the reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : EOOAGZCF . anything else today?
can i book a taxi to arrive by my reservation time?
Yes. Where are you departing from?
Oh my, I got ahead of myself. First, I need a place to go in the east for a boat attraction. Can you help?
I have the [camboats] located in the east.
what is their phone number and address?
They are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton. Do you need any other information?
Their phone number would be super and then I need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to [the restaurant] on time.
[camboats'] phone number is 01223902112
How about that taxi?
Okay I have booked your taxi. It will be a grey Skoda whose contact number is 07277217080.
Thank for your help! That's all I need today.
Glad to help, have an awesome weekend.


Hi! Can I get some info on a cheap place to eat?
There are 22 different places that server cheap food. Did you have a certain type of food you were interested in?
Do any of those places serve [romanian] food? I'm in the mood for polenta!
Unfortunately none serve Romanian food, do you have another food preference?
Do any of those places serve [vietnamese] food?
I have located one restaurant serving Vietnamese food called thanh binh located on 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to book a reservation?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb30af. Should I book it?
Maybe later. I need a train ticket to Peterborough on Thursday.
There are 38 trains leaving for Peterborough on Thursday. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Peterborough and arrive by 13:15.
We have the TR8954 that arrives at 12:56. Does that work?
Yes. I just need to know the departure time, train ID, and the travel time.
departure time is 12:06, train id TR8954, and the travel time is 50 minutes.
I think that is everything, thanks for the help!
Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!


Can you help me find places to go in town?
Certainly, did you have a particular place in mind?
An architecture attraction would be good.
[old schools] is in trinity lane and entrance is free. can i give you their phone number?
What area is trinity lane in? I'd love to find a train going to cambridge as well.
Old Schools is located in the centre area of town. Is that location convenient for you?
Perfect, thanks. Could you also tell me if there are any trains from norwich to cambridge that arrive by [10:00] on friday?
There are four trains arriving before 10:00 on Friday. They leave norwich every hour on the :16 starting at 05:16 to 08:16
Can I have the travel time? And the train ID please.
Well the travel time for the TR3293 that leaves at 8:01 is 79 minutes.
Great, thank-you! That is perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed have a nice day.
I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to contact us any time.


Hi, are you familiar with the [Avalon] hotel?
I am, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would love that. Can you book me a room starting on Friday night?
I'd be happy to reserve your room. How many nights would you like to stay, and how many in your party? And do you need any other information about the location?
I need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by [12:45], will you book it for me
I'd be happy to. Assuming you're departing from Cambridge, what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to depart on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 1245.
I have a train leaving cambridge at [9:59] and arriving at london liverpool street at 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like five tickets, please.
Ok. You are booked for 5 seats on TR5874. Wednesday at 09:59. The total is 83 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is 8C6ZLYNK .
Thank you very much. That is all I need. Bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


We would like to attend an event at the theatre while we are in town.
That sounds like fun. I've found five theaters in town. Four of them in the center of town, one to the south. Do you have any other criteria?
Nope, choose the one you think is best and let me know the postcode please.
The adc theatre is very good would you like that one?
That sounds great! Can I get the postcode? And then I need to find a train.
The postcode is cb58as. What day and time will you be travelling on?
I am going to stevenage on thursday.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after [10:30].
TR7024 is the first train after 10:30 it leaves after 11:21, would you like me to book you?
That's fine I need 4 tix and the ref #
I will get that for you


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Saffron Brasserie]. What can you tell me about it?
It is a indian restaurant in the centre area. It is expensive and the phone number is 01223354679. Do you need reservations?
Yes please make a reservation for two. Also provide me with a postcode and phone number. Thank you!
Please specify the day and time you want your booking to be made.
I think I will book it myself instead, can I get the phone number and post code so I can though?
Yes the postcode is cb21la and the phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.
There are five in the area. Did you have any specific requirements you were looking for?
No could you recommend one please?
How about [Downing college] on Regent Street? It's free and located in the centre area.
That sounds great. Can you book me a taxi to go between the two?
I am getting the info in, I need a time of day though to get a taxi.
I would like to leave downing college by [06:45].
The taxi has been booked. The taxi taking you to your destination will be a red Toyota. The number to contact them is 07987423433. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!
I'm glad I was able to help today!


Is there a cheap place in the north part of town?
There are two restaurants that meet your specification. One is Italian and the other is Indian. Which would you prefer?
[Italian], please. Can you give me the address?
[da vinci pizzeria] is in the north part of town their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the phone number please?
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Mahal of Cambridge].
Sure, that's a great cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need?
Could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at [12:00] on Friday?
Yes, I reserved that table for you. Reference number 196SQORA . Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you for reserving it, and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking?
That booking was made for Friday for a party of 5 at 12:00. Was that correct?
Yes, that's correct. Thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you. Goodbye!


I am looking for architectural spots to visit on my trip to Cambridge. On the east side.
Well, unfortunately there are architectural attractions located in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
No, that's okay. Are there any Museums in the East instead?
I can recommend four different museums in the east area. How about Cambridge artworks? It is popular.
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee for this museum?
The [cambridge artworks] is a free museum. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you give me their phone number and postcode, please?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223902168 and they are in postcode cb13ef.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a train as well.
Certainly. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I am looking to depart from London Kings Cross that should arrive in Cambridge by [15:00] and I need it for 3 people and will need the reference number.
I need to narrow the search down. What day will you be traveling?
On Monday please.
I was able to book you on TR3194 which leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives Cambridge at 14:08. Reference R6KWX99C . Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'd like to find a restaurant that serves [swiss] food.
Im sorry there are no restaurants offering Swiss food in your area.
Is there any restaurants that serve [Vietnamese] food?
[Thanh Binh] serves Vietnamese food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the address?
thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I want to find a place to eat called [saigon city].
Certainly, they are in the north area, the address and postal code is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes, do you know how much it is?
Yes, it is in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for 1 at [11:00] on tuesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UWRMV7GH . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge. Any train leaving after [09:30] will do.
i can help you with that! what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge any time after 09:30 and I am going to london liverpool st on friday
I have train TR5212 leaving at [17:59] and arriving at [19:27]. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, I just need to know the price for it.
The price for TR5212 is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Is there any more information I could give you today?
Thank you, That's all I need today.
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


I'd like to find a [French] restaurant on the north side of town.
There is one french restaurant in the expensive price range called [Restaurant two two], would you like a reservation?
Yes let's do one for 6 people at [16:00] on sunday.
They will hold your table for an extra 15 minutes for you. Your reference number is 16ONTU2A . Can I help with anything else today?
I also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 3 stars that is near the restaurant.
And on what day would you like to begin your stay?
I'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 6 people
Do you need parking or wifi?
I don't need either.
[Alpha-Milton guest house] is the best choice. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. I already told you 2 turns ago what the specifics of my reservation are. Please complete it and give me the reference number
You are booked and your reference number is U9RGKUMM . Anything else?
Could you book a taxi between the two places?
I have completed the booking for you. The contact number is 07299510083 and your driver will be driving a white audi. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today! Thanks for all your help! Bye!
I'm glad to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range
Alright. what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east.
There are three locations which fit your needs, sir. The [Warkworth House] is an excellent choice.
Okay, I want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
Unfortunately, the hotel couldn't accommodate you. would you like to change the day or time?
What about on Friday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 49R7ARU6 .
Great, thanks so much!
Thank you goodbye


I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.
The [acorn guest house] is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?
Sure! The reservation is set. Your reference number is EOPOKFF6 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.
There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you
There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town. Can you assist me?
what kind of place are you looking for? area?
I would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.
Okay, I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book the room and can I have the reference number
Booking for 1 night for 1 person from monday was successful. Your reference number is D3MYG9R0 . Can I assist with anything else, restaurant, attractions?
I also need a Wednesday train to Cambridge.
I have found several trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
Actually I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester.
Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
I need it to arrive by [21:00].
15 trains match your needs. Do you want to complete a booking?
Yes. Please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. Then give me the reference number
I was able to book train TR0677 and you reference number is 6VAA5F0P .
Thank you. That is all I need for now.
Have a wonderful trip.


I'm looking to book a train that leaves on Wednesday after [12:45], if you could help me with this that would be great!
I'd be glad to help. But I will need a departure site and a destination.
I'll be going to Peterborough from Cambridge.
I would recommend TR1879 which leaves Cambridge at 13:06 and arrives in Peterbourough at 13:56.
I'm sorry, I had that backwards, I need a train that departs FROM Peterborough and goes to Cambridge.
I have over 20 trains traveling on Wednesday for you. Are you departure and arrival times still correct?
Yes they are.
I have train TR9545 which departs at [12:48] and will get you into Cambridge by [13:38]. Does that sound like it would work for you?
Yes please book it for 1 person and provide the reference number
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 69YAY7YC . What else may I help you with?
Thanks for the service. Good day to you!
You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need anything else.


Need a hotel up north with free parking.
The Ashley Hotel is nice. It also has free internet. Can I get any further details for you?
Yes I need free parking and cheap reservation
unfortunately we dont have one that fits the criteria, can you change a the location,?
Do you have anything cheap, in the north with free parking?
I have checked your criteria again and unfortunately we have nothing that meets those specifications. Can I look for a different hotel for you?
How about a restaurant. Can you recommend a [Vietnamese] place in the north that is cheap?
I'm sorry I am unable to find a Vietnamese restaurant in the north area that meets your criteria. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
I'm sorry, I really do need a Vietnamese restaurant. Would you mind checking again?
There is a Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.
As long as it's cheap, I don't care about the area. Can you book a table for 4 at [11:45] on Thursday?
Your table has been booked. Reference number is LEKNI48K . Anything else today?
I am also going to need a taxi.
Where are you wanting to depart from and go to?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and go to the restaurant in time for the reservations.
I'm sorry, what is the name of the restaurant you'll be dining at, and I don't see the hotel you chose either?
Please reread the rest of the conversation! It's not hard to keep up! The hotel is the [Ashley hotel]. You didnt give me the name of the restaurant
I am so sorry. The restaurant is [Thanh Binh]. I will work on your taxi reservations.
Okay, I am kind of in a hurry.
your car is a grey skoda phone number 07944928572 any other questions?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Okay, have a wonderful visit to Cambridge!


I'm looking for somewhere to go in town, are there any museums you can recommend?
We have several museums is there a particular kind of museum you would prefer in a particular location.
Will you suggest one? I'd like to know the entrance fee, address, and area, as well.
Cambridge Artworks in the east side is fantastic. Admission is free. The address is 5 Greens Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need a restaurant in the centre area please.
What kind of food were you interested in? Or would you like me to pick for you?
I would prefer [spanish] food at a moderate price.
I've found the La Tasca, which fit all of your criteria. Would you like to book you a table at this restaurant?
Not at the moment but can I get the phone number for [La Tasca] please?
Yes, you can reach La Tasca at 01223464630. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much. I will not be needing anything else.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for places to go to in the east part of town.
Did you have a certain type of place such as a museum you would like to visit?
What do you recommend ?
I would recommend one of the four museums in the east.
Yes please can you recommend one of those.
I recommend the [Cambridge Museum of Technology], which is located in the East area. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yeah, can I get the postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb58ld. Could I help you with anything else?
I also need to find a train leaving on monday after [8:45]
Oh no! We have no trains that day. Would a different day or time work?
I need a Monday train. Leave after 08:45. I am sure there is a train.
Are you looking for a train to bring you to Cambridge? Where are you departing from?
I'm flying into Stansted Airport and I'd like a train in to Cambridge. My flight arrives at 08:45, so something after that. It'll just be me.
The next available train will depart at 09:24, shall I book that for you?
Thank you! Please book it for 1, and send me the reference number.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OO7SVBQE .
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.
Great. Please call again if you need anything else. Have a great day. Goodbye!


Hello! I'm looking for a train leaving on thursday departing from bishops stortford.
OK, and what time are you traveling?
I'd like to leave after [21:30].
Train TR3000 leaves Bishops Strotford for Cambridge on Thursday at 23:39. Will this suit your needs?
That would work for me can I get tickets for 3 people?
Great! I have booked TR3000 for 3 people at 23:29. Your Reference number is : FOPYB8UC . May I help with anything else?
No, that is all I really needed. Thanks. Have a great day!
Glad I could help!


Hello. I am working out some details regarding my trip to Cambridge. I am sort of overwhelmed by the number of attractions and need your help.
I can help you narrow down your choices. Did you have a type of attraction you were interested in?
Yes, I'm interested in museums. Can you suggest one for me?
In what area would you prefer it to be?
I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.
There are 11 in the center of town. How about [contemporary art]?
Yeah, that sounds good. Can you give me the postcode?
Sure thing the postcode for Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything more today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre that is moderate in price.
Cityroomz is available. Would you like to book this hotel?
I need the hotel to be 4 stars with free parking. Does [Cityroomz] have these?
Actually Cityroomz is 0 stars and doesn't have parking. Would you like to try a different area?
how about one like that in the north? get the postcode,address, and phone number
there are none with 0 stars in the north
The one in the north did not need to be 0 stars. Just one in the north.
[Lovell Lodge] is in the north and is moderate priced. Postcode is cb41sr, phone is 01223425478, and address is 365 milton road. Does that work?
That sounds good. Does it have 4 stars?
Lovell lodge is 2 stars
I'd really like a 4 star. Is there a 4 star hotel in the north with parking?
4-star accommodations in the north are all guesthouses. The acorn guest house is highly recommended, and has free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book?
No, but can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for the [Acorn]?
The address of the Acorn is 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da. Telephone number 01223353888,


I am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving [Italian] food.
There are expensive Italian restaurants in centre and south. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't care which area the restaurant is located in.
There is a very nice Italian restaurant called [Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar] in the centre of town.
Can I have the address and phone number please?
The phone number for stazione restaurant and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at Market Hill City Centre.
what type of food do they serve?
They serve italian food.
Thank You
You're very welcome. Have a nice day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 14 restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular cuisine?
I would like [christmas] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants listed serving Christmas food. Would you like to try a different kind of food?
How about [british] food?
There are 3 british restaurants in the west. Do you like moderate or expensive price range?
Either one is fine.
[Graffiti] is an expensive restaurant serving british food in the west. Would you like the phone number, address, or postcode?
I want the address and phone number.
the address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the phone number is 01223 277977
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday. I'd like to arrive by [09:45].
I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?
Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ .
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?
What area are you looking to stay in?


Can you tell me about the Parkside police station?
Their phone number is 01223358966 and they are located at Parkside, Cambridge
I am looking for the address of the Parkside Police Station.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge.
Do you have the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks so much!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, thanks, that's everything.
You are very welcome, please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
My system is not pulling up any 4 star hotels in East. Would you like to try a guesthouse or another area perhaps?
Can you check for ones with a cheap price range?
There are no cheap four star hotels in the area. Another criteria maybe?
In that case, how about just a hotel in the east that has free parking?
With those requirements, I do have one hotel in the east. It is expensive 2 star rated with both free parking and wifi. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Oh man, I can't do expensive. Is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the east perhaps?
I am sorry I have no cheap 4 star hotels, maybe a more realistic star rating?
Are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the east side? What kind of city is this?
My mistake. There are three cheap guesthouses. [The Allenbell], [Autumn House], and [Leverton House] all offer free parking. Would you like to make a booking?
I think you need to pay more attention, it's your job to be alert. Do they all have free internet?
Yes, all three of the guesthouses have free internet and free parking. Is there one that you would prefer?
Pick the most popular one, I need their phone number as well and hotel type. If they have area and postal code , I will need it.
[Leverton House] is lovely. It's a guesthouse in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223292094, and the postcode is cb58rs. Would you like me to book that?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [Asian oriental] food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
I dont have any in the east. can I check another location?
The area is not important. I just need it to be asian oriental food and something cheap.
there is no restaurant in that side of town serving your kind of food. can we change the cuisine?
How about [Chinese] in the east? It should still be in the same price range as the hotel.
I do not have anything. Can I try something else?
Can you check for [asian oriental]? I don't care what area it is in.
I can recommend [dojo noodle bar] in the centre.
Great, I just need the area and postcode please.
It is located in the centre and the postcode is CB21RQ.
I would like a taxi going to [dojo noodle bar]. I want to leave my hotel ([Leverton House]) by [07:30].
I was able to book your taxi per your request. It will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07433186357. Is there anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


I want to book a taxi to arrive by [02:15] to take me to [Sesame Restaurant and Bar].
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from [the missing sock].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07606586690
That is all I need, have a good one.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Bye!


I'd like to find a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food in the south please.
There are 3 restaurants in the South part of town that serve Chinese food. Would you like more information on one of them?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one please.
I have two that would be on the expensive side. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you at either of these?
No, not yet, thanks. Could you give me the address/postcode for [Peking Restaurant]?
The address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre and its postcode is cb28nx.
Alright, sounds good.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay, please.
In what area would you like to stay?
I prefer the east part of town. And a 4 star rating if possible.
I have 6 in that area. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price range doesn't really matter. It don't really care if they offer internet though.
Might I suggest the [Leverton house]? it's located in the east.
Is it a safe place to stay ?
I do not have that info.
What is the price range?
The Leverton house is in the cheap price range.
Ok. That will be fine. I am also looking for a restaurant called [Nandos City centre]. What type of food do they serve?
Nandos city centre serves portuguese food. They're in the cheap price range and they're at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at [Nandos city] center by [09:00]
I booked a black BMW and the contact number is 07017169232. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect, thank you.
Thank you for calling.


I am looking for information on a restaurant called [cafe uno]
There is a cafe uno at 32 Bridge St., would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 4 people, at [15:15], and I'd like that for Saturday,please.
Here is the booking information.Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ZL6WG4I .
I am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.
The [Acorn Guesthouse] is a moderately priced, 4-star accommodation with internet and parking. Would that suit you?
Yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday
I apologize but the hotel booking system appears to be down at the moment. Can I help you with something else?
Please try for wednesday instead and see if that works
I'm sorry, I can't book anything right now.
Is there another guesthouse that you can try?
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 89C4TDSA .
Thank you, I need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. I need to get to the place to eat on time.
A blue volvo is booked. The contact number is 07059000529. Will that be all for you today?
Yes thank you. You have been so helpful and made this process easy.
Great, thanks for talking to us today!


Hello i'm injured and need a hospital nearby.
call them through 01223217118
Could you give me the address for the hospital?
It's Hills Rd. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Ok, that's all I need
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


Help I've been robbed. I need help.
Please contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station, the telephone number is 01223358966
I need their postcode also please.
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


I was wondering if you had any colleges I could visit during my stay?
I have 18, what area would you prefer?
I have no preference besides colleges. Please recommend one.
My favorite is [Saint Catharine's College]. It is in city centre, and they are free to enter.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?
Saint Catharine's college's phone number is 01223338300. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.
Okay, there are several of those it looks like, are you also wanting to stay in the centre as well?
No need, but I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.
I do not have any listings for 4-star hotels with free parking. Perhaps you would like to try a different star rating?
How about a hotel that is the expensive price range?
[huntingdon marriott hotel] is found in kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by [13:30]. get contact number and car type
That booking was not successful. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights
I was able to book your reservation for 2 days.
Okay, may I get a reference number please?
I apologize it looks like there was a booking error. The huntingdon does not have availability. Would you like to try another hotel or length of stay?
Please try it for 2 nights.
Actually, there might have been an error int he system before. I booked the Huntington Marriott Hotel for 2 people, 3 nights, starting on Tuesday. Reference number is J4Z0CZ41 .
Excellent! I also need a taxi to go between the places. I want to leave the hotel by 13:30.
I booked a grey Skoda to pick you up. The contact number for the taxi is 07491898705.
Awesome! That's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?
Yes there are 21 different places that match your description.
Surprise me.
How about [cotto]? It's a moderately priced british restaurant.
Yes please book a table for 7 people at [15:45] on monday
OK, you have a table for 7 at Cotto on Monday at 15:45. Your reference number is BNH1DKPW . Can I help with anything else today?
I am looking for a train to pick me up at Birmingham New Street and arrive in Cambridge before [12:00] on the day of my reservation.
I can book train TR6309 for you, leaving 8:40 and arriving at 11:23 in Cambridge. How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets. And can you please provide me with the reference number please?
i have booked you 7 tickets and the reference number is CGILQN2G . is there anything i can help you with?
Thank you. That is all for now.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


I need to find a hospital in town. It should have a [children's surgical and medicine] department.
get them through Department children's surgical and medicine Contact 01223217450
Can I also please have the address and postcode
Address is Hills Rd. Cambridge. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you, I don't need anything else.
No problem, hope you feel better and enjoy your day.


Help! I need to find something to do, I'm super bored. I'm on the west side of the city, can you help me find somewhere to go?
I show 13 possible attractions in the west. Is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
What would you recommend?
If you are bored, you should try going to [Whale of a Time]. It is an entertainment venue.
That sounds good. What's the address?
Sure the address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the postcode is cb238el .
I also need a train to peterborough on sunday to cambridge that leaves after [11:30].
There is a train leaving at 11:48. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price?
Each ticket is 13.20 pounds.
I don't need you to book that for me today. Thanks.
You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
no that will be all thank you
Great! Have a great day!


Can you help me? I was in a car accident dispute.
The Parkside Police Station's phone number is 01223358966
What is the address and postcode, please?
The address is Parkside and the postcode is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. You have helped tremendously.
you are welcome


Are there trains leaving Cambridge [after 18:15?]
Yes. Can you help me narrow down the choices with a day to leave and destination?
I'm looking for one that goes to Stevenage on Saturday.
I have a train leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10, if that works.
Yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.72 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : S74F7IZS .
Great! Can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the [americas] food?
I do not show any restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I just need something with American food.
I have found [Gourmet Burger Kitchen], they serve north American food, although they are expensive. Would you be interested in booking here?
No thank you, I am just gathering information for now
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I have the address for the restaurant.
Absolutely! The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street. Would you like the phone number? Or anything else?
If there's no cheap American food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves [Chinese] food?
Certainly, there's Charlie Chan in the centre area that serves cheap Chinese food. Would you like more information or to book it?


I love antiques and heard about a place called [williams art and antiques]. Could you give me more information?
williams art and antiques is a museum in the town centre. Entrance is free. Do you need more info?
Yes, can i get the address and postcode?
Okay, the address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and post code is cb12lj.
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free wifi?
I will be happy to help. First, can you tell me if there is a certain area of town you wish to stay in?
I'd like something in the South, preferably a hotel with three stars.
there is one with moderate and one with expensive price range. which one could you prefer?
Thank you! It doesn't matter to me.
I would recommend the [Bridge Guest House], the moderate. It is just as nice as the expensive place. Need more information?
Can you book it for 8 people for five nights starting on Sunday and I need a reference number
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 97LW76MP . Bridge Guest House is located at 151 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like any additional information?
That is all I need, thank you.
Thank you goodbye


I want to book a train from stansted airport on thursday.
There are several trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday, is there a specific time you would prefer to leave?
I need it to arrive by [17:15] and go to Cambridge
TR7012 departs the airport at 16:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 16:52. Would this work for you?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5P72XENH .
Great, thanks! Can you also recommend something fun to do in town?
What side of town?
What area do you recommend for entertainment?
I am not showing anything in the Centre, is there another area you would like to try?
Well, what area do you recommend for entertainment?
How about in the South part? There are two venues, Nusha and [Tenpin]. Would you like information about one of those?
Sure, could I have the address and phone number for both?
Nusha : unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road cb17dy , phone: 01223902158. Tempin : cambridge leisure park, clifton way cb17dy 08715501010
Thank you for the entertainment information in the south. That's it. You've been helpful. Goodbye.
You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
The Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Their telephone is 01223245151. Do you need a particular department.
Thank you for the phone number for Addenbrookes Hospital. That is what I needed.
welcome. at your service next time
That was all. Thank You
Thank you for using our services.


I was hoping that you could tell me more about the [museum of classical archaeology].
What I can tell you is that it's located on Sidgwick Avenue and that there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No but what exact area is it in? Center, east, west etc.
It is in the west area. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to go to an [Asian Oriental] restaurant in the center area.
I have 4 of them. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I have no preference in price range.
I can recommend [Yippee Noodle Bar], it's moderately priced. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes please, for friday night
How many in your party and what time?
Seven people, and we're planning to go there at [3:15 PM].
Okay that was successful and your reservation number is GIBY27FH .
OKay great thanks so much.
The address of the restaurant is: 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh.
That will be all for today. Goodbye.
So glad I could be of assistance, Have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?
There are 15 restaurants in the city centre that are in the cheap price range. What type of cuisine would you prefer?
I will prefer restaurant that serve [Chinese] food.
I have three. Shall I try to book one?
Actually, no booking is necessary. But, can you suggest one and provide me the address. Thanks.
I recommend the golden house. The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre.
Great thank you, I also need a train to arrive by [20:15] and traveling on monday.
I can help you with that. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Norwich and heading for Cambridge.
Trains leave hourly from 5:16 am till 18:16 pm. The 18:16 pm train arrives at 19:35. The fare is 17.60. What time would you like to leave?
That doesn't matter. The 18:16 will do. Book it for 4.
Your ticket booking was successful and the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 72SA1578 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I need today.
Great! Enjoy your visit and have a good one.


I'm looking to book a train that goes to ely and leaves on sunday please.
There are 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Ely. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you would prefer?
Yes, I need to leave after [15:45].
TR5713 leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Will that work for you?
Yes that will work thank you.
How many tickets would you like me to book for train TR5713?
I need 2 adult and 1 child. Thank you.
Booking was successful for TR5713, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : GGE66KI2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north please.
The [acorn guest house] is available in your selected region. It's moderately priced and includes free internet and parking.
That one sounds fine. I need lodgings beginning Thursday.
Sounds great, and how many nights would you like to stay?
I'd like 3 nights for 6 people, please.
I have booked your request, your confirmation number is NWPEWP4X .
Wonderful. Thank you very much! That's everything I needed.
Hope you enjoy your trip! Thanks for allowing us to assist you.


Hello. Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?
Yes what is the name of the restaurant you are looking for?
The name of the restaurant is [Lucky Star]
Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton in the south. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yeah i need a table for six please
Lucky Star is a great restaurant. May I please get the day and time you wish to reserve?
Yes, I am wanting to book for Thursday at [14:15].
How many people will the reservation be for?
It will be for 6.
I booked a table for 6 for you on Thursday at 14:15 at the Lucky Star. Your reference is AZNTY1ZZ . How else may I be of assistance today?
Could you also help me find a nightclub to check out?
There are six nightclubs. One is in the south. The other five are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I want it in the centre. Pick the best one there and tell me the entrance fee and address please.
Club salsa is in the centre area, located at 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you. That's all for now. Have a great day.
You are welcome.Have a great day!


I need a zero star hotel in Cambridge with wifi.
There is one hotel with your criteria. cityroomz in the centre. It is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I actually need it in the north part of town.
I have no hotels that match what you want in the north area
I guess the [Cityroomz] in the centre would be fine then. Does it include free wifi?
Yes, it includes wifi
Can we book it for 8 people starting saturday?
How many days will you be staying?
I'll be there for 5 nights.
Booking was sucessful! Your reference number is U87HN6I5 .
I'm also looking for an inexpensive [Italian] restaurant in the same area.
I have the [Da Vinci Pizzeria]. It's a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to help you reserve a table?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:30.
You're all set for saturday at da vinci pizzeria at 14:30 for 8 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there a reference number for the Pizzeria reservation?
yes your reference number is 98842, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks and bye!
Well, you're welcome! And you have a great day!


I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [vegetarian] food
I'm sorry, there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town. Can I help you find anything else?
Could you find me an [Asian Oriental] restaurant instead?
[Saigon City] is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the phone number and area?
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town.
Thank you. Goodbye!
Goodbye


I need an east restaurant. I want to try some [Canapes] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town.
Then could you recommend a [Chinese] restaurant?
[Yu Garden] is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.
address, phone number, and postcode, please
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 248882. Also, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
enjoy your meal.


Hi, I need a guest house please.
Do you have a specific location you want to be?
No, but I need free wifi and I would like a 2 star guesthouse please.
There isn't a guesthouse with 2 stars and free internet available. Is there another type of hotel I can look up for you?
Yes, how about a guesthouse with 3 stars and free wifi instead?
I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Would you like me to choose one for you?
I'm sorry. I changed my mind. I don't want a guesthouse. Are there any hotels with 2 stars?
Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, just any 2-star hotel with free wifi will do.
I found 3 for you all in the expensive price range. Can you please give me the details so that I may book it for you?
I would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
I have you booked in the [Ashley hotel]. Your reference number is CW6YMT0B . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you.
Great Glad I could be of help to you.


Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?
Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.
We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.
How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.
I will need the day you want to arrive.
I will need to be there on wednesday.
There are 2 hotels available, The Huntingdon Marriott and [the Cambridge Belfry]. Do you want an expensive hotel or a cheap hotel?
I'm sorry I actually need it for Thursday, sorry. Any price range is fine.
Okay. Your booking at the Cambridge Belfry was successful. The reference number is LJOEY6H2 . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from bishops stortford and should go to cambridge.
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time isn't the issue, but I have morning meeting so I can't leave bishops stortford until after [12:15] .
There is a train leaving at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price and travel time?
The price is 10.10 pounds, and the travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much. I think that's all I need now.
Have a safe trip.
Thank you for your help.
Can I look up anything else for you?
That was all I needed.
Ok! Have a great day!


I am looking for a [British] restaurant that is moderately priced.
There are a few of them. Would you prefer the centre of town or the west area?
How about the center?
There are a few restaurants that will meet your needs. I suggest The Copper Kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Please book a table for 3 at [14:15] on Friday at The [Copper Kettle].
I was able to book a table for you at 14:15 at the Copper Kettle. Your reference number is 3ED8CQBU . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for a train to Cambridge and need to arrive by [15:00].
Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I'm leaving london liverpool street on sunday
TR9835 arrives at [13:07], would that work for you?
Yes, and I need to book this for four people.
I was able to book 4 tickets your reference number is 9EBGT2IQ . The price for the tickets is 53.12 GBP, is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.
There are four guesthouses that are moderately priced and have three stars. What area would you like to stay?
I don't have a preference. Can you make a suggestion?
[Hamilton Lodge] is nice. Would you like me to book it?
Sure! I need to get rooms for the same group as riding the train.
How many nights do you plan to stay?
I would be there for 5 nights.
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is KGCK4JK6 . Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you. I appreciate your help.
You're very welcome!


I will be needing a taxi from [broxbourne train station]
Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
I must arrive there by [23:30]
Okay, where are you headed?
I'm going to [india house].
You car type is a red skoda. The contact number is 07699858480. Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope. That should be it. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. It was my pleasure to help. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel. Something not too expensive...mid range? Oh, and I need free wifi.
Yes, I have three hotels that match that description. Two in the north and one in the centre.
I would like the one in the Centre.
The hotel is Cityroomz. It's address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. It has Internet and no parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Do any of those three have a four star rating?
No 2 have 2 star ratings and one has a 0 rating.
Not about to stay at a nasty hotel. Can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 4 star rating that includes wifi?
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is in the center part of town and fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book it?
Let's go for that. Book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes, I would like to try a different hotel that is in the same price range.
I could book you at the [university arms]. It is in the centre area instead of the west. Would that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
Alright. I have you booked at the university arms hotel, your reference number is: YSWJOMS1 . Anything else I can get you today?
No thank you that is all I need.
Okay great. Well enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Hi, I am looking for an attraction in Cambridge called [nusha].
Absolutely! Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south of town, located in Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road, postcode cb17dy. Would you like their phone number as well?
Great, that's good to know it's int he south part of town.
May I help you with anything else?
A hotel would be nice.
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse? What part of town do you want to stay in?
I would like an expensive guesthouse with free wifi please.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses with free wifi. Would you like to try a different search?
Can you just find me a moderately priced hotel?
Certainly! The [A and B Guest House] is a moderately-priced hotel. Would you like to stay there?
Yes, for 7 people and 4 nights.
Okay, and what day do you wish to check in?
We'll check in on Tuesday, please.
Great! Your booking was successful I have you checked in and your booking reference number is YRRJG3QC .
Could I now book a taxi to leave the [Nusha's] at [24:45] and take me back to the [A and B guest House]?
Certainly, I have booked your taxi. A black bmw will be picking you up, their contact number is 07151716312. Can I help with anything else?
Perfect, thank you!
Have a great day.
I hope you have a great day as well!
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.


I need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.
There are 29 places that match your request. Would you have a price range in mind or type of place?
The price range should be expensive and it should be a hotel.
There are 5 hotels that match your request. Was there a specific area you wanted to narrow it down to? We have hotels east, west, south, and in the centre,
I will take something in the centre of town. How many stars does that one have?
There are two hotels that meet your request. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would one of these work for you?
Yes those are fine. I also need find an attraction in the centre of town to visit.
We have 44 attractions to choose from. Is there anything specific that you would like to see?
Anything will do, but I would like the address, entrance fee, and attraction type of whatever you pick.
all saints church is found in the jesus lane and entrance fee is free. its postal code is cb58bs


i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed
Do you have a price range or a location in mind?
Yes, It needs to be in the east and be a cheap hotel.
The only places that meet your requirements are guesthouses. Is that alright?
That is okay with me. What is one of them?
They are all cheap, located on the east, and get 4 stars. [Allenball] is located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like more information?
Does it have free wifi?
The Allenbell actually does have internet. Are you interested in booking a room?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
Okay, your books was successful and your reference number is E1WOL6YH . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you find a restaurant called [riverside brasserie] for me, please?
got it right here they serve modern european food would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, [11:15] 7 people on Saturday.
your all set conf # is LXVWB431, anything else for you today?
That will be all thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
Actually, I do need a taxi, please. I need to get from the hotel to the restaurant for that reservation.
Your taxi is book. The car is a black Tesla and the contact number is 07856554811. Do you assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
We hope you enjoy your time in the city. Bye.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
There are 3 hotels which fit your needs. One is cheap and 2 are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like a cheap guesthouse.
There are several guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you wish to stay?
No, but I am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 2 nights. Could you see who has room for us?
Would you like to try the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] first?
Yes, that would be fine.
All right, and can you tell me which day you'll be beginning your stay?
We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. There will be 8 of us.
You are all set at the Alexander B & B. Reference number M95XHCDT . Can I find anything else for you today?
Wonderful, thank you. I am all set. Bye.
Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.


I need to book a guesthouse in the west of cambridge, are there any?
There are two guesthouses on the west side: Finches Bed and Breakfast, with a cheap price point, and Hobsons House, with a moderate price point. Would you be interested in either of these?
Which one includes free parking? I don't need internet included.
Both of them have free parking.
Does [Finches Bed and Breakfast] have free wifi? Since they both have free parking, I might as well go with the cheaper price.
Yes, they have internet as well. Would you like to book this room for you?
Yes that would be perfect! Can I please get it for 3 people, 4 nights and We'll be there by Wednesday
Good news! Booking was successful. Reference number is : G3504UR7 .
Fantastic, I'd also like a train leaving on Sunday, please.
Certainly! What time of day would you like to travel, and what are your departure and arrival locations?
Will be leaving Cambridge & going to Kings Lynn. Wanted to arrive by [12:00].
Sure, TR8704 arrives at 11:58, can I book a seat for you?
No, I just need the departure time. How long of a trip is it?
That train leaves at 11:11. Travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help.
If you need help with anything else, please don't hesitate to contact us. Enjoy your travels.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [halal] food.
I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Do you have any other preferences?
How about [indian] food?
The [Cocum] serves Indian food.
What is their address and phone number?
Their address is 71 Castle Street City Centre, their phone number is 01223 366668.
Is Cocum located in the east part of town?
No, the Cocum is located on the West part of town. Would you like me to find an Indian restaurant on the east part of town?
Correct
I have 4 Indian restaurants showing for the east part of town. They are Curry Prince, Pipasha Resteraunt, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori.


Are there any places in the south section of town the has to do with multiple sports?
Unfortunately, I don't see any that are in the south. Would you like me to check in another area of town?
Do you have in attractions in a type of park in the south?
We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend [Wandlebury Country Park].
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?
I sure can. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their postcode is cb223ae. The phone number is 01223243830. Can I help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed right now, thanks very much. Goodbye.
Okay. Have a great time!


I'm trying to find a train that goes to Cambridge arriving by [09:15].
Where would you be departing from?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street on Thursday
The TR4235 arrives at 8:23 and costs 75.10 pounds. How does that sound?
that sounds great can you book that for me?
I have booked train ID TR4235 at a cost of 75.10 pounds. Your reference number is 4TUDSXPZ .
Great, thanks! I'm also looking for some places to visit in town. Are there any theaters your recommend?
I have about 5 different theatres around town. If you would like a recommendation, I would suggest [Mumford Theatre] in the city centre. Would you like more info about it?
Any type is fine, can I get the address and entrance fee of one?
Sure the address is Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road and I am unfortunately unable to see an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
That's all thanks.
Thank you for using our service.


Are there any trains running this Friday?
There are lots of trains running on Friday. Do you have specific departure and destination points in mind?
I am leaving cambridge going to norwich on friday anytime after [16:15] will work for me
TR7047 leaves cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in norwich at 17:55. Will that work?
Thank you - that is exactly what I need
Can I book the train for you or help you with something else?
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre. Internet is not important. Can you help me with that?
There are 3 hotels in the centre of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
Yes I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
I only am showing 1 it is [cityroomz], when were you planning your stay so I can book the room for you?
That is all for the hotel room. could you help me with one last thing? I need the travel time for train TR7047
The total travel time is 79 minutes, just to double check, can I assist with anything else?
I do need a hotel room booked.
How many people will be staying at the hotel?
There will be seven of us.
I will book that for you now.
Please get me the reference number too.
Okay, how many days will you be staying?
I'lll be staying 3 nights starting on Tuesday.
You are now booked at Cityroomz! Your reference number is D8MU26MH . Can I help you with anything else?
that's all thanks!
You're welcome, have a good day.


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in east Cambridge?
I have 4 different food types available: British, Chinese, Gastropub and Indian. Does one of those appeal to you?
I was wanting [Korean]. Do you see any Korean restaurants anywhere else in the city?
There is one expensive Korean restaurant in the centre called [Little Seoul].
Can you book me a table there?
How many people will be in your party and when would you like the reservation?
There will be 8 people, and I want to book it for [20:00] on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TY97W8SL .
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yes I was wondering if you could help me find a nightclub in the same area.
Okay, there are 5 options. I recommend [Club Salsa].
Great, could I get the address there please?
the address is 1 station road
Could I also have the postcode and phone number?
Their phone number is 07782218745 and their postcode is cb12jb.
Did you book it for me?
Reservations aren't necessary for the [Club Salsa], but the entrance fee is five pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? I'll need to arrive by [20:00].
Please look for a blue BMW. Contact number: 07757635795. What else can I help you with today?
That was everything.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7. Have a great day.


I would like a [traditional] food restaurant.
What price range do you have in mind?
I don't care.
No matching records were found. Can you be more specific?
How about [vietnamese] food?
[Thanh Binh] serves Vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town. Would you like more info on it?
Yes. I would like their address and phone number, please.
Thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
and also postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome and do call us again! Goodbye.


I'm looking for information on the [cambridge belfry] hotel.
the cambridge belfry is cheap, located in the west, and has 4 stars. It has free internet and parking.
Can you book that for me?
Sure, when were you looking to book for?
I'm sorry i don't need that booked. Rather i need information on a place to dine. Preferably expensive and in the centre of town.
What about the Cambridge Chop House? It is located in the centre of town and has expensive food.
Sure that sounds great! Can you please give me their address, postcode and what type of food do they serve?
The Cambridge Chop House serves British cuisine and is located at 1 Kings Parade with a postcode of cb21sj. Could I make a reservation for you?
Please make a taxi reservation for me.
I'd be happy to assist you, but I will need some more information. Where are you departing from and when would you like to leave?
I'm departing from the [cambridge belfry] and heading to the [cambridge chop house].
What time would you like the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the restaurant by [22:15]. I will need the contact number and car type as well please.
The car type is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572111702. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you. I got all the information that I need. Thank you and have a good day.
You're welcome. Thank you very much for using our service.


I am looking for a resteraunt that serves [japanese] food, any price range is fine. What do you have available?
I found [Wagamama] in the centre part of town.
What is their address, phone number, and postcode?
wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street. Its phone number is 1223 462354 and the postcode is CB23AR. Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank You
You're welcome. Good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


Can I get some help with resolving a dispute about a car accident?
call the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
Thank you for the information. Could you also give me the address and postcode?
Yes, the telephone number is 01223358966. The station is located in Parkside, Cambridge, post code CB11JG.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need.
I'm glad we could help. Good luck!


I am looking for a train from cambridge
Certainly, where is your destination?
My destination is norwich.
There are 133 trains do you have a day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Saturday after [17:00].
I have one leaving Cambridge at 17:36 and arriving in Norwich at 18:55. Would you like to book it?
What is the train id and price?
The train ID is TR4018 and the cost of the journey will be 14.08 pounds.
That's everything I needed to know thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Yes, I am looking for local hotels. I would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side.
Gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel are both expensive in the 3 star range.
I also need free wifi.
Yes both have free wifi. Can I check booking for either of these?
Yes. Please book the [gonville hotel] for 8 people and 4 nights starting on Monday.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
I have the [Lensfield Hotel], but it is on the south side. Would that do?
Yes, can you book it for me?
You have been booked for 8 people for 4 days starting Monday at the Lensfield. Your confirmation number is C0YCW45C . Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Alright, glad I could help.


I am looking for theatres to go to in the South.
[The Junction] sounds like just what you are looking for. Would you like more information on this location?
Yes, may I get the address and post code, please?
The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help with anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee to The Junction?
I am sorry but there is no information about their entrance fee.
Okay. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Moroccan] food.
There are no matches in that area. Would you like another type of food?
Yes, can we try [Indian] instead?
There are 14 restaurants that offer your preferences, let's see if we can narrow down the selection, is there a particular area you are looking for?
No particular area. If you could recommend one and send me the address, postcode and phone number. Thank you.
How about cocum? It is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre. The postal code is cb30ah and the phone number is 01223366668.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.
You are very welcome! Have a great day, goodbye!


I need finding a [Portuguese] restaurant
Okay let's find one for you. I've got two in town. One's in the south and one is in the centre. Both are nandos locations.
I don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap.
Both restaurants are cheap, if you are interested in a more expensive restaurant would you like me to check a different type of food?
no, i want one of those two restaurants.
[nandos] is definitely going to be the cheapest. It's the south side and I can get you a reservation there if you want.
Yes, please set a reservation for me.
What day and time do you want to make the reservation? Also, how many people are in your party?
Please book a table for 8 people at [14:15] on Tuesday.
I will book that for you now.
Ok thank you for your help and I need a reference number
Your reference number is : CE5BU114 . What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Tuesday that arrives by [10:45].
Where will you be departing? And where is your destination?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.
I can put you on the tr0627 it will get there a little early at 9:55, how many tickets would you like?
same group of 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BMSH4XDW . Anything else?
That is all thanks.
Do you need help finding attractions or booking a taxi? I can assist you.
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I want a place to stay in the north of town.
Okay, any other preferences? We have plenty of options.
I would like something with a 2 star rating if possible.
We have ashley hotel on chesterton road or lovell lodge on milton. Would you like me to book one of those?
Bood [ashley hotel] for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday. What is the reference number please?
Yes your reference number is N9AC95R7 . I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me with that?
Of course. When would you like to leave by?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave after [21:15]. The train should depart from birmingham new street and should be on the same day as the hotel booking
I have train TR3736 leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 9:23. Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave after 21:15. I also need it booked for two people.
How about train TR7324 that leaves at 21:40 and arrives by 24:23. Would you like to make reservations on that?
Yes please. I need tickets for 2 people.
Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3YS7IOSA . Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all today.. Thanks. Goodbye
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I was in a car accident dispute and I am looking for help
When and where did this accident occur?
I just need an address and phone number for the police please
Absolutely! The police station phone number is 01223358966 and their address is Parkside, Cambridge. What else can I do to help?
I think that is it, thank you.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


I need a train to cambridge that will get me there by [20:30].
Alright, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from bishops stortford and leave on Thursday.
Ok perfect! I have TR0060 which will arrive by 20:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
No, that won't be necessary. I do need the departure time, and travel time though.
TR0060 will depart Bishops Stortford at 19:29, and it will take 38 minutes for your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, yes. Can you help me locate a college to visit?
[Churchill college] is in the west part of town.
Can you give me their phone number please?
Yes, their number is 01223336233. Is that all for you today?
That's everything thanks.
You are very welcome! I hope you have a fantastic time and enjoy your day!


I am looking for information on places to go in Cambridge. Can you help with that?
I can help with that. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
What I'd really like is to find a swimmingpool.
Yes, there are 4 swimming pools that match those requirements. Is there a particular area you would like to go to?
Any area is fine. Which of the 4 swimming pools do you suggest?
I personally like [Parkside Pools]. It's in the center of town, on Gonville Place.
Can I get the postcode as well?
It is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving after [11:00] on friday
There are 278 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow down your options by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
My destination is london kings cross
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
TR1502 arrives in london kings cross friday at 11:51. Would you like me to book you any seats?
Yes book for 8 people and I need a reference number
I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1702SDBO .
Thanks. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


Hi! I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking to catch a train from leicester. I need to arrive in Cambridge by [14:45]. Is there a train that would work for me?
I can help you with that. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
TR8882 departs Leicester at 12:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 13:54, would you like to book a seat?
I would like you to book the train.
Okay, I can help with that but first please tell me how many seats to book.
Please, just book for one seat. I am also looking for places to go while I'm in town.
great, what are you interested in doing or seeing?
I would like to go to a swimming pool
I have about 4 pools in town. 2 are in the north, and one each in the centre and east parts of town. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Pick the one you like for me.
i like abbey pool and astroturf pitch
What's the entrance fee for that place?
The entrance fee is not currently listed, but here is the phone number for more information: 01223902088
Great, thank you!
Can I help you find anything else today?
no, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.
Great! There are 33 such restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I need a reservation for 8 people.
What day and time are you looking to book your reservation?
[12:45] on wednesday for 8 people please and may I get the reservation number after you book it please?
I made a reservation at the restaurant [kymmoy]. The confirmation number is UR49SKNA
Thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye.
Let me know if you need anything else. Good Bye.


I would love to get your help in arranging taxi service from [Rajmahal] to the [Worth House]. Can you help me with that?
I'll need to know when you would like to leave Rajmahal or arrive at the Worth House first.
The taxi should arrive at the Rajmahal by [16:15]
Great, I booked you a white audi the contact number is 07071131148. Anything else I can help you with.
Wait! I made a mistake! I need it to reach the Worth House by 16:15 not the Rajmahal.
That's correct. The taxi will depart Rajmahal and take you to Worth House by 16:15.
Thanks. That's all I needed today.
No problem! Enjoy your time in Cambridge.


I need a taxi to take me to [finches bed and breakfast]
Sure! What is your departure site?
I'm departing from [aylesbray lodge guest house].
Okay, when do you want to leave?
Anytime after [11:45] will be fine.
Your booking is now complete.
Can I have the car type and contact information?
I have a red bmw with contact number 07394368470.
Perfect, that's all that I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice visit to Cambridge!


Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?
sure, i have 17 options for you
Are any of them in the south? I'd like free parking too.
Yes, two are in the south and both have free parking and internet. I recommend the [Bridge Guesthouse]. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Please. I need a room on tuesday for 5 nights. 4 people will be staying.
i bookid bridge guest house and Reference number is : KYKQFY1U .
Thank you so much.
Of course. I can help at any time.


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
What type of place are you looking for?
I don't have a preference, but I will need a phone number.
Old Schools is a great bit of architecture that I recommend visiting. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train going to cambridge departing from birmingham new street. I'd like to leave at [09:15].
What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and I changed my mind, I prefer a train that leaves after [14:00]
Train TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives by 17:23.
What is the price and travel time?
163 minutes and 75.10 pounds.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I need help with.
Did you want me to make the train reservations for you?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking for a nice play to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi.
There are many options; is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
Yes, someplace in the west part of town would be nice.
I have 4 hotels in the west side of town. How about the [Hobsons House]? It's moderately priced and has free wifi.
Yes, that sounds good!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting monday.
You are all set for 3 nights at Hobsons House. The reference number is UM6SFJM6 . Can I assist you with any other plans?
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
I have a british, indian, and italian restaurant in that price range in that area of town. Which woud you prefer?
Are there any [French] restaurants?
I'm sorry, the only moderately priced restaurants in the west are British, Indian, and Italian. Nothing serves french food. Perhaps I can check another part of the city?
I would settle for [Indian] food.
It may not be exactly the cuisine you were hoping for, but I think you'll still have a fine meal at Meghna. Shall I book you a table?
Is [Meghna] Indian food? If so, I'd like to book for the same group on the same day.
It is indeed Indian food. To clarify you would like me to book you a table for 3 on Monday. What time would you prefer?
I want it to be at [13:00] please. I also need a taxi please
Yes, I need to make the reservation for 3 at [13:00] and I also am going to need a taxi.
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant at my booked time. I also will need the taxis contact number and car type
Your taxi will be a white toyota, contact number 07573158248.
Great, thank you for very much! That's everything I needed!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!
ok goodbye thanks for the help
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need an information on a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday, please.
I would be happy to help find a train for you. Can you tell me what your destination is?
I should arrive at birmingham new street after [18:15]
There is a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday, leaving at 23:01 and arriving at 01:44.
What is the train ID?
That train ID is TR7013.
Thank you! What is an expensive restaurant that serves [British] food close by?
I have several. Would you prefer it be in the West or the Centre?
The centre, please.
The [cambridge chop house] is available, would you like to try that?
I think I would. Can you give me their phone number, postcode, and address, please?
Phone number is 01223359506 Postcode is cb21sj Address is 1 Kings Parade
Thank you for your help.
The pleasure is all mine!


I'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge.
There are several choices. The ride is about 79 minutes long. Can I make a reservation for you?
I am not sure. Do you have one leaving after [9:15] on sunday?
I have several, is there an arrival time you prefer?
No, I do not have a specific arrival time.
Okay, how about TR0996, leaving at 09:16 and arriving by 10:35?
Okay. That sounds good. Can you tell me more about a restaurant called [stazione restaurant and coffee bar].
stazione restaurant and coffee bar italian is in centre area. it is expensive. their telephone number is 01223352607, code cb23njand is located inMarket Hill City Centre.
Can you book a table for 5 people at [17:45] for Stazione, please?
Sure. Can you confirm the day you would like the booking?
Yes. I need that booking for Sunday.
I have you booked and your confirmation number is PUQ990A7 . Can I help you further?
I think that is all I needed today. Thank you!
Have a great day!


Please list all moderately priced restaurants in the centre of Cambridge.
There are 21 restaurants to choose from. Would you like me to narrow this search down by choosing a type of food you would like to eat?
I would really like some good [Turkish] food.
There are two Turkish restaurants listed. Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation for either of these?
I'll try the [Anatolia]. Please see if you can get me a table for 2 at [13:45] on Saturday
Your reference number is P5C22QW2 . May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train to Broxbourne.
Certainly! What day and time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by [17:15]. I am leaving from Cambridge, of course.
ok there is one leaving at 1600 i will book it for you


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [Indian] food. I would like a place in the expensive price range.
Curry garden is available, would you like to try that?
Is Curry Garden in the west? I kind of want something in that area.
No, there is Tandoori Palance on 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Phone 0122350655.
What part of town is [Tandoori] Palance located in?
That is located in the west. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also Interested in finding a college to visit in the west. Can you help with that?
There are 5 colleges in that area. Three are free and two have an entrance fee. [Clare Hall] and Magdalene are free. Do those suit your needs?
Pick the best one and provide the address, number and postcode.
I recommend [Clare Hall], a college in the west part of town. The phone number is 01223332360. The address is Herschel Rd, and postcode is cb39al.
I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college, can you find one for me?
Absolutely. What time would you like to it to pick you up?
I'll be leaving by [3:15].
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Tesla. Their phone number in case you need it is 07950107979. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I am looking for [yippee noodle bar].
Yippee Noodle Bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 6 people at [16:15] on Thursday.
Got it! your reservation is confirmed for Thursday at 16:15 for 6 people. your reference number is C73DB4I8 .
I'm also looking for places to go in town.
There are 79 different attractions in town. Do you have a specific area or type of attraction that you are looking for?
Yes, I'm very interested in visiting a history museum. Is there a museum closer to the Yippee noodle bar or possibly within 5 to 8 miles is okay also
Broughton house gallery is one in the centre of town, would that work?
Yes. Can I please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of [16:15]?
And where would you like to be picked up?
At the [Broughton House Gallery], please
I have a car-a black Honda booked to pick you up at the Broughton House Gallery at 15:30. This is the driver's contact number 07749918641.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today!
Hace a great day!


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.
Sure, there are plenty of places. Would you like a particular kind of attraction?
What do you recommend?
We don't have an entertainment type attraction in town centre, maybe something else?
How about a college?
i have 15 colleges in the centre of town. did you want to pay admission or would you like to enter free?
Either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?
I would suggest [christ's college].
Could I have the address please?
christ's college is nice their address is saint andrews street and it's free to get in
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.
Which area are you looking for?
The area does not matter.
Okay how about the acorn guest house in the north?
I actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.
We have two moderately priced hotels in the city: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, both offering internet and parking. Would you like to book in either hotel?
Yes, please book the [Ashley Hotel]. I need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Friday.
Okay, I've got that booked for you. Your reference number is 64QSFKBM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi to take me from [Christ's College] to the restaurant.
What time will you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave Christ College by [15:15].
look out for a white honda. the contact is 07153999224
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.
thanks for using our service and have a great day
You have a great day too
Thanks. And if anything more comes up that you'd like help with or information about, don't hesitate to reach out again! Goodbye.


i need a place to stay
And what area would you like ?
No specific area but it needs to have 2 stars and area needs to be in the north. It also needs to include free wifi.
The [Ashley Hotel] and Lovell Lodge both fit your description. Do you want information on these?
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.
OK, I booked you at the Ashley Hotel, ref# 0C98S6L6 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I would like to find a park to visit.
there are 5 parks. which side do you prefer?
I do not care I need the phone number and address
The sheep's green and lammas land park is at fen causeway newnham road, Its phone number is 01223302580
That sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for all your help. I'm happy with your service. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your trip.


Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from ely.
Okay, sure I'd be happy to help. Did you have a specific destination or date in mind?
Yes I want to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday.
What time would you like to depart and/or arrive?
I need to depart from ely and arrive in cambridge by [17:15]
There are 6 available trains that will arrive in Cambridge by that time. There is 5:52, 7:52, 9:52, 11:52, 13:52 and 15:52. Which would you like?
The 5:52 will be fine. Please book it for five people.
Sure, you reference number is 5CAOA9FN . Is there anything else i can do for you today?
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre. Can you get me the entrance fees to these places?
I have 79 places for you to go. Can you help me narrow your search by specifying what type of place you would like information on?
I would like an attraction in the centre please.
Okay, that narrows it down to 44. Is there any specific place you'd like to go to?
Do you have any museums?
There are 11 museums in the area, would you be interested in the whipple museum of the history of science?
Sure, the history of science sounds cool. How much is the entrance fee for it?
It actually has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I think that's the last thing I'll need.
The address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service!


I want some help finding a place to go in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions in the center, of many types. Quieter fare includes architecture, parks and museums. If you'd like more excitement, we have boats and nightclubs.
How about nightclubs? What is one that you would suggest?
I would highly recommend the [Ballare]. What would you like to know about it?
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee for the ballare is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the Ballare.
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Do you have any [modern] glodal ones?
Nothing matches for modern global, can I run a search for a different food type?
How about [International]?
There are two options. I'd recommend [the Varsity Restaurant]. Would you like to book a table?
I don't need a reservation but I do need the address, phone number and price range.
The varsity restaurant is located in the centre of town serving international food. It is a moderately priced place located at 35 Saints ANdrews street city centre.
and what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Alright, have a wonderful time in cambridge!


Hello. Can you book a taxi for me? I need to travel from the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] to [Home From Home].
No problem at all. What time do you want to leave and arrive by, respectively?
leave [after 22:30] and dont care when i arrive
Alright, I've got a white skoda coming to pick you up at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant at 22:45, your contact number for them is 07935014262.
Thank you, that will be all.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


hi am looking for a train leaving broxbourne at [11:00].
There are no trains leaving at exactly 11:00. Is a train leaving Friday at 11:32 okay?
That should be fine, can you book that on thursday to cambridge?
Yes, I can. How many tickets do you require?
One ticket, please.
The price of the ticket is 17.90 pounds, shall I book it for you now?
Yes, please. I'm also looking a ticket to the [Scott Polar Museum]
Okay you're all set for your train ticket. Also the Scott Polar Museum is free! Would you like their address or phone number?
no, just the postcode
Sure, the postcode of the Scott Polar Museum is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for. Thank you very much for the help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time!
Thank you so much for the assistance!
Excellent. I hope you have a great time!


Is there any restaurants on the south part of town?
Yes, Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a nice restaurant in the south part of town.
I want a restaurant serving [chinese] food? What is the address and price range?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. The price range is expensive and the address is 10 Homerton Street city Centre


It would be great if you could help me reserve a taxi
Absolutely! When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [16:00].
Where are you departing from?
I'm at [Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway].
I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I will be going to [lynne strover gallery].
Booking is confirmed. A white volvo will be picking you up, their contact number is 07937377256. Anything else I can help with?
No you've done it all for me. Thanks!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the south.
I have 2 options for you, both guesthouses. I recommend the Aylesbray Lodge, at 5 Mowbray Road.
Thank you, I'll accept the recommendation at [Aylesbray Lodge].
Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes please. I would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.
Ok I have booked that and the Reference number is 1N67NESA . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a train.
There are over two thousand trains. Where is your destination?
leicester is where i am going
would you be leaving from cambridge?
Yes leaving from Cambridge, on Friday please.
Okay I have 19 trains. Could you give me a time by which you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to be there by [16:15].
Okay, I have TR4170 that leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54. It cost 37.80 pounds. Would you like this train booked?
Thank you that will be all I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Find me a train out of Cambridge to london kings cross
There are 70 results. Is there a certain day or time you'd like to leave?
I need it on Friday and it should arrive at London Kings Cross by [21:45].
TR1006 arrives at 19:51, would that work?
I guess that will work. Can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.
Yes I have booked that for you and your reference number is E3M7QM9F .
i also need a place to dine.
Is there a particular cuisine or location that I can recommend for you?
Yes, [British] food in the West would be great!
Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west.
What is the phone number and postcode to [Saint Johns Chop House]?
01223353110 is the number.
May I have the postcode as well ?
Here you go cb30ad
Great, thanks very much, that's all I need!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Do you book trains for the bishops stortford?
Yes. Are you departing or arriving in bishops stortford?
I am going there from Cambridge on Thursday.
I have 10 trains going to Bishops Stortford from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [18:15].
TR0141 will have you in Cambridge by 14:07.
I need two tickets.
The TR0277 will get you there by [18:07]. I can book you 2 tickets on that if you would like?
two tickets will be fine, please.
TR0277 two tickets. the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 00QGJ7W5 . Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
A nice place to eat that serves [Austrian] food. In the centre of town if possible.
I am so sorry no Austrian restaurants in that area, another food type perhaps?
Okay, do you have any good restaurants serving [British] food?
There are 7 restaurants in the Centre that serve British food, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
Any is fine, can I get the phone number and postcode of one you'd recommend?
i'd recommend [the oak bistro]. their phone number is 01223323361. their postcode is cb21eg.
great! thanks. thats all i need. goodbye.
Awesome. We're here 24/7 if you need us again. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


What's good to eat on the west side, in the moderate price range?
Do you have a food preference?
I would really like [Indian] today if you can find it for me.
The [meghana] is an indian restruarant with a moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please book me a table for 4 people at [13:45] on Tuesday.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Thank you, please do.
Great, I got that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I still need the reference number...
I am sorry that I told you it was booked. Something is wrong with our system. Here is the phone number so you can call them directly, 01223727410.
If you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o Wednesday?
I was able to Book Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OI555UW4 .
I need an expensive hotel also.
We have five options, any preference on area or amenities?
The hotel should have a star of 1 and should include free parking.
I'm sorry, but there are no 1-star expensive places to stay.
What about a 4 star one then.
We have two hotels with 4 star ratings. Would you like it in the west or centre?
I would prefer the west. Are there any hotels in the west area?
Yes we have the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need hotel information at this time. Thanks for the restaurant booking. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just call us back.


