What is the address for the Addensbrookes Hospital near me?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Can I help you find the phone number for a certain department?
Actually I need the general phone number for the hospital, please.
I can certainly provide that to you. Their main contact number is 01223245151. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Okay, have a great day!


I'd like to find a cheap [Indonesian] restaurant. Can you help?
Unfortunately, we do not have any Indonesian restaurants. Would you like Thai food?
What kind of restaurants are in the west that's cheap?
There is an Italian restaurant, La Margherita and a Vietnamese restaurant called [Thanh Binh]. Would one of those work?
Yes, could you give me more info on the Vietnamese restaurant?
Their address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
could you give me their postcode?
Their postcode is cb30af. Would you like to book a table?
No, that will be fine. I am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 4 stars and free parking. Can you help me with that?
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down, what area are you looking to stay in?
how about the west ?
Sorry, there are no results. Maybe a different star rating or area would work?
Area doesn't actually matter. But if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a cheap one instead
I have one result for you in the cheap pricerange. It is the [cambridge belfry]. Anything else today?
Great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
Here is your reference number, SM7PEYSV . The booking is all set for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you.


Can you help me find a hotel called [limehouse] and tell me a little about it?
It looks like it is in the North and in the moderate price range.
I would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. I also need the reference number.
I was able to successfully book this for you. Your reference number is 9BUA0SL0 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd also like a train leaving after [14:15] on Friday.
where will you be departing from?
I need to go from Cambridge to Broxbourne.
i have several trains available. TR9351 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01. Shall I book you a seat?
Yes, please. I'll need 7 seats.
I was able to successfully book your train tickets. Your reference number is 2463KQEG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you.
Your Welcome have a wonderful day.


I am looking for a train that should depart norwich and leave on Friday.
I would be happy to help you find a train. Can you please confirm the destination for your travels?
Sure, I'd like to leave for cambridge after [19:00].
TR9589 leaves at 19:16
That's perfect. Can I have the train ID, price, and travel time please?
The train ID is TR9589, price is 17.60 pounds, and travel time is 79 minutes. Shall I book it for you?
No that's okay. I am looking for a place to stay though, somewhere in the centre and with free parking preferably.
There are 2 hotels and 2 guest houses in the centre which do you prefer?
The one with 1 star, please.
Unfortunately, none of them are 1 star rated. I have one that is 0 stars, a 3 star one, and two 4 star ones.
Are there any 0 star accomidations?
The [El Shaddai] has 0 stars.
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? If a guesthouse I'd like to book for 2 people for 1 night on Friday. Thank you.
Yes, it is a guesthouse. May I go ahead and book that for you?
Yes book it for me please.
Booking system seems to be down at the moment. Should I try some place else, or would you like to try back in a little while?
No, I actually wasn't ready to book anyway. Thanks so much for your help. I won't be needing anything else. Bye.
I apologize for the inconvenience. Please check back in a few to book. Have a good day.


Hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?
Sure, we have many hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, I just need it to be 5 stars and include free parking.
I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels that meet that criteria. Might you be willing to accept a place with 4 stars and free parking?
Yes, I would like to book a four star hotel then.
We have three hotels matching that search. Could I book a room for you at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
I'd like to get a little more information first. What is the price range at the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]?
It is expensive. I can check on a cheap hotel if you'd prefer?
No, I really want to stay at the Marriott.
Ok, great! How many guests will there be and how many days would you like to stay?
I don't need a reservation yet. I would like the phone number and postcode, though.
The huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 01480446000, it's postcode is pe296fl. How else can I assist you?
Are there any swimming pools in town?
There are, yes. There's the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch in the east, the Jesus Garden Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool north, and Parkside Pools in the centre.
I want the [Abbey Pool]. What's its postcode?
The postcode is cb58nt.
Do they offer free breakfast with their rooms .
I'm sorry but I don't have access to that information.
Can you book a taxi for me? From the pool to the hotel?
Yes, what time do you need the taxi?
I'd like to leave the pool by [4:45].
I have a booked a grey honda for you. The contact number is 07636297454. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, just one more thing. What's the address of the Abbey Pool?
That's pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Thank you. Could you book me a taxi from the pool at 4:45 to go back to my hotel?
There is a grey Honda booked for you to go from the pool to your hotel at 4:45. Their contact number is 07636297454 in case you need to reach them.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Sorry for making you repeat yourself like that! Have a great day, goodbye!
No problem at all, and you're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn't too high priced.
saint johns chop house ?
Where is [saint johns chop house]?
it is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Is this in the west part of town and can I get the phone number?
Saint johns chop house is in west part of town. The phone number is 01223 353110.
What type of food do they serve? And to clarify, this is moderately priced, correct?
Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant in the west which is moderately priced.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I want a [danish] restaurant in the south.
There are no Danish restaurants in the south.
How about an [Italian] restaurant in the south?
There is a [frankie and bennys] located in the south.
phone number and postcode
The phone number is 01223 412430. The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you ..good bye


Hi, I am looking for a entertainment attraction to visit. Do you have any recommendations?
What area will you be going to?
The area doe not matter, just some entertainment.
How about the [cherry hinton hall and grounds]?
Sounds good. Could you give me their address please?
Their address is cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need their postcode and phone number.
Okay, sure. The postcode is cb18dw and the phone number is 01223446104. Anything else?
Great, thank you for all of your help.
No, problem. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you help me find an [Italian] restaurant in the city center?
Sure. What is your price range?
My price range is expensive.
I recommend booking a table at Caffe Uno. You'll love their homemade pasta!
That's great. Can you send me the phone number and postcode for [Caffe Uno]?
i'm sorry. i cannot find details for cafe uno.
I am actually looking for an Italian place. In the centre.
The cafe uno's phone number is 01223448620 and the postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for info on [museum of classical archaeology]
It's a free museum on Sidgwick Avenue in the west part of town. Lots of interesting things there.
Great! I also need a taxi to get there. I want to leave [Caffe Uno] at [12:30]. Can you give me the contact number & car type for the taxi?
In order to reserve your taxi, may I please have your destination?
I need to commute between the two places you looked up.
I have booked your car. It is a blue Ford car, and the contact number for the booking is 07881357778.
Thank you that's all the help I need today.
Great - have a wonderful day!


I am looking for an expensive [Italian] restaurant.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant named [Frankie and Bennys] at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to go there or choose another?
Great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at [11:30] on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no tables available, please try another day or time slot.
How about [10:30] on sunday? And may I have a reference number?
I was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is MBC9E6AL . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Hi there, can you help me find a good [Chinese] restaurant? I seriously need some egg rolls.
There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for any particular area or price range?
I'd like it to be in the north, and expensive would be best.
I would recommend either Hakka or The Hotpot. Would you like for me to book a reservation for one of these restaurants?
Lets try [Hakka,can] you book a table for 8 people at [16:30] on tuesday?
It is booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is VWDBTAYR .
Thank you! I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.
A and B guest house might fit your needs. Would you like me to book it?
I'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the centre of town.
i'd like to suggest to you cityroomz


I am looking for [bistro] food.
I cannot find any restaurants matching your request. Can I find something else for you instead?
How about a restaurant serving [Portuguese] food?
Nandos City Centre, which is in the south part of town, serves Portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range.
May I have the address and phone number of [Nandos]?
Nandos' address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Can you help me find an expensive [Panasian] restaurant, please?
I don't see anything with that criteria. Perhaps you would like a different cuisine?
Are you sure there isn't any in the centre?
Sorry there is no panasian food in any area. Would like me to find a different restaurant?
Can you look for [chinese] food?
I found a chinese restaurant named [tang chinese] located at Napier Street City Centre would you like to reserve a table?
book a table for 6 people at [14:45] on tuesday.
Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MCSWQ2W5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to train leaving from cambridge on thursday.
I have many trains meeting your request. What is your destination and preferred departure and arrival times?
My destination is London Liverpool Street, departing on Wednesday from Cambridge after [14:15].
I have a train TR 2815 leaving cambridge at 15:59 on wednesday and arriving at 17:27 at london liverpool street. Would you like to book this?
No, could you give me the price, arrival time, and overall travel time, please?
The arrival time is 17:27. Price is 16.60 pounds. Duration is 88 minutes.
Thank you for your assistance.
Was there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, that's all I needed. Thank you for the help! Goodbye.
Great! Have a great day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Welsh] food.
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the expensive price range that serve Welsh food. Would you like a different type of food?
How about [korean] food?
[Little Seoul] is an expensive Korean restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like their address and what part of town they are located in.
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town and the address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day! Goodbye.


I'd like some information about the [El Shaddai].
It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?
Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.
Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after [11:45].
i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?
It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Yes, I need a hospital with a [hepatology] department please.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a hepatology department. Their number is 01223217712.
What is the postcode there?
The postcode of the hospital is CB20QQ.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed. Take care. Bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


can you help me get to [cambridge] by [8:30] on friday?
I've located several trains that will arrive Friday by 8:30. To help narrow your search, where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from norwich.
I have 2 trains arriving by 8:30 in Cambridge on Friday, one arrives by 6:35, the other by 7:35. Would you like to book a seat for one of these?
What is the departure time for the train that arrives at 7:35, and how much do the tickets cost for that one?
That train leaves at 6:16 and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes that would be great I am also looking for places to go in town
Your reference is S666W6BF, what are you looking to go do in town?
I'm looking for a place in the centre, some type of college. I need to know the entrance fee as well.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, i am not.
Trinity college has an entrance fee of 1 pound.
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for your help!
No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you.
Glad I could be of help. Call if you need anything else.


I'd like to reserve a taxi to take me to [jesus green outdoor pool] today
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
Just after [06:15]. Please send me the taxi's contact number and car type.
Where will we pick you up?
I am leaving from [la raza].
OK, there should be a white Ford to pick you up. The contact number is 07251519275. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that will be it.
You are all set. Thank you and have a good evening, goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and free parking.
There an area of town or pricerange you want?
a star of 4 and should be in the cheap range and in the North
The [Worth House] in meets your needs. Would you like me to start a booking?
Yes, please. On Tuesday for 3 nights for 8 people.
You are all set! Reference number YSGI8LQ1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I might be all set.
Okay great. Have a great day!


I need a taxi to come to [the place] by [07:30].
Okay - just to confirm, your departure site is the place? And where would you like the taxi to take you?
I need to get to [Thanh Binh], please. And yes, my departure location is The Place.
Thank you. Please look for a yellow audi with the contact number 07260634336.
Thank you thats all i need
Alright don't hesitate to contact us again if you need more assistance.


Is there a train that leaves after [08:15] on wednesday?
What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.
TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by [10:54]. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.
Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.
It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?
sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north
[Ashley Hotel] is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.
Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA .


Hi, I am looking for information on a restaurant it's called [saffron brasserie].
Saffron Brasserie is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make reservations?
Oh yes! Please I need a reservation for 5 people on Saturday at [18:00]. I need a reference number too.
Sure, the reference number is PSIDGHAC .
I am also looking for places to go while in town. Do you have a swimming pool?
There are 4 places to swim in town. Does the area matter?
I'm not particular on the area; is there one near Saffron Brasserie?
[Parkside Pools] is in the centre. That would be closest to Saffron Brasserie.
Okay that will work, what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb11ly.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me with getting a taxi from the restaurant to the pool?
Certainly. What time would you like the taxi to fetch you from the restaurant?
I would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at [20:00]. Can you please give me the contact number and car type of the taxi?
Absolutely. You will be picked up at the restaurant by a black Lexus. Here is your contact number: 07511821304. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your service!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on monday.
Where would you like to go to?
We are traveling to broxbourne. Oh, and we should leave after [21:45] too.
I have two trains available that meet all of your requirements, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.
You're booked on TR9611, leaving at 22:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 18PWJ7X3 .
Thanks so much. Can you also look up a hotel for me?
What area and price range would you like the hotel in?
I need you to look up [warkworth house] for me.
Alright, I've looked up warkworth house. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 nights. I want it from Wednesday.
I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you.
Would it help if I stayed for only 3 nights instead? I'm flexible.
I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you want to try another hotel ?
How about 2 nights ?
I'm sorry but I can not book this either.
How about 3 nights?
Would you be interested in trying a different hotel?
What do you show is available?
I have several options, what part of town are you wanting to stay in?
I am looking for warkworth house only.
Would like to book a room?
Yes. For 5 people and 3 nights starting on wednesday.
We are having technical problems please contact them directly at 01223363682. Anything else?
Can you please try to book the room again?
The system is experiencing technical difficulties and bookings are unavailable. Please call the hotel to complete your booking. 01223363682. Anything else?
I am unable to get a response when calling that number. Can you please try to book again?
I was able to get that booked, here is your reference number, 8ZU8JPYO .
Thank you. Thats all i need for now!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday please.
Where are you traveling to, and at what time will you be traveling?
I'm travelling to London Liverpool Street and I'll be departing after [17:00].
TR4757 leaves at 17:59. Can I book seats for you?
Can you please tell me the arrival time on that train?
TR4757 arrives by 19:27. Was there any other information you needed?
i'm also interested in a particular attraction.
What is the name of the attraction?
The [Cambridge Museum of Technology], do you know of it?
Yes that is located at the old pumping station cheddars lane and has a entrance fee of 5 pounds.
What area is it in?
This museum is located in the east part of town. Can I help you further?
Can I get the phone number and post code for the museum?
Absolutely! The post code is cb58ld and the phone number is 01223368650.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our service today!


I need a place to stay in the north area.
What is your price range? What type of hotel are you looking for? Will you need internet?
The hotel should be in a moderate price range.
We have nine guesthouses and two hotels in the north with moderate price ranges.
I would like one with 2 stars and free parking.
There are 2 hotels, the [Ashley Hotel] and Lovell Lodge that fit what you are searching for. Would you like more information or to book one of these?
Please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
I've booked you a room at Ashley Hotel for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Friday. Your reference number is 5YAY9T1K . Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like information on jesus college
Yes sure [Jesus College] is located on Jesus Lane in the city's center and is free to enter. Their telephone number is 01223339485.
Thank you for the information. That's what I needed to know.
Do you need any further help with booking?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by [08:45]
What time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [17:00] please.
I have booked a taxi that can take you there at that time. It is a black toyota. The contact number is 07886371785. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank is all. Goodbye
Have a great evening.


I am looking for a train for three people from the stansted airport to arrive by [12:45]. I need to leave on Thursday and go to Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave I just want to arrive by 12:45
There is one that leaves at 11:24 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would work. I need 3 tickets please.
Your 3 tickets are booked, the reference number is C3VMMP9M and the total fee of 30.29 GBP is payable at the station.
Thank you so much, that is it for today.
Glad I could help. Hope you have a great day.
You as well. Goodbye.
Good bye and enjoy your visit.


A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
Three restaurants meet your specifications. One is Italian and two serve Indian food. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything else?
the [curry prince] is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range. Would you like their information?
address and phone number please
The address of the Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 566388.
That's all I need.. Thank you and good bye.
Goodbye


Hello, I'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the centre.
I'm sorry. There is no multiple sports attraction in the center of town.
No problem, are there any college places?
christ's college is in the centre, as are many other college's in fact.
Please pick one, and tell me the entrance fee and post code.
[Emmanuel college] is free to visit and the postal code is cb23ap.
I also need a moderate place to stay, with free parking.
There are 4 places to stay in the Centre area two are guesthouses and two are hotels. Do you have a type preference or price range?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 4 star rating.
I'm afraid we don't have any like that in the center. There's a cheap 4-star guesthouse and an expensive 4-star hotel. Would either of those work for you?
Does it have free wifi at least?
They both have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Book it! Need 3 people for 5 nights starting Friday. Thank you.
I booked 3 nights for 5 people at [university arms hotel] beginning friday . They are located at regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
Awesome! Thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome. Will you need a taxi to the hotel?
Yes please. I want to leave the attraction no later than [22:45].
Booking completed! Look for a black toyota at 22:45. Contact number : 07067597569
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.
You're welcome, let me know if I can help again.
Bye, take care
Goodbye! Have a great stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?
There are no places offering entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there one that has architecture?
I have several options. Perhaps you would enjoy a stroll through [Holy Trinity Church]?
Can I have its address please?
Yes, the address is market street, can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need some place with free wifi. I don't need free parking.
There are 32 entries, do you have any other information to help narrow it down?
something in the moderate price range, please.
We have 17 hotels that fit your criteria. Would there be anything else that you would like in your hotel?
I would like something with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.
acorn guest house would be nice for you, should i book it for you?


Hi, I am trying to find a restaurant serving [Italian] cuisine, something expensive please. What would you suggest?
i suggest stazione restaurant and coffee bar italian centre expensive 01223352607 cb23nj Market Hill City Centre
What area is that in please? The format you sent that in is very confusing.
That is in the centre of the city.
Okay thank you for the help.
Thanks for using our services. Can I help with anything else?
No that was all, goodbye.
Have a great day.


I need a train to cambridge that leaves after [18:45].
Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from ely.
And what day are you leaving?
I would like to leave on Saturday.
I have a train on Saturday that leaves at 19;35 and arrives by 19:52. Would that do?
I can work with that.
Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 5 people.
You are booked for 5 tickets leaving Ely on Saturday at 19:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 19:52. Your reference number is Q245NAJF and the total fee is 17.6 Pounds payable at the station.
I am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [pizza express].
Great, I see that is a moderate italian restaurant located in the centre. When would you like to book it for and how many people?
Please book a table for the same group of people at [21:00] on the same day.
The restaurant is reserved for 5 people on Saturday. Your reference number is Z5PRYMDV . Is there anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for all your help.
I hope you have a wonderful meal.
Thanks again for all of your help.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


I would like a taxi by [16:30] to arrive at [Nusha].
Where will you be leaving from?
[Carolina bed and Breakfast]. I also need the contact number and car type
Booking completed! Booked car type : black audi Contact number : 07412273994


I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.
Would you like to eat Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, or French?
I think [Chinese] may have caught my attention.
[The Hotpot] is an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area.
Great can I get their phone number as well please?
The phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552, would you like me to book you a table?
No thank you. Have a great day!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi there. I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.
Okay, train TR8131 leaves at 7:17 on Sunday and arrives by 8:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it
Excellent, how many are travelling?
The train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after [10:00]. I would like 4 tickets for that specific train. I also need the reference number.
I would recommend TR5767 which leaves Cambridge at 10:21 and arrives in Leicester at 12:06. Would you like this to be booked for you?
Let's back up a bit here. I need to get to London Liverpool Street, not Leicester.
I have TR9025 that I can book for you that departs cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at liverpool street at 13:27. Does that work for you?
It does. Please book for four people and give me the reference number.
I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is G6ULCKEV . Is there anything more I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information about a hotel called [cityroomz].
cityroomz is a moderately priced 0-star hotel in the centre area. Anything more specific about it you'd like to know?
Yes can you tell me the area it is located in and the postal code?
Yes, it's in the centre area and the postcode is cb12tz. I can try to book you a room if you'd like. Or help you with something else?
That's okay. Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome, enjoy.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [asian oriental] food in the centre of town.
Do you have a price range preference? There are two cheap, 1 moderate, and 1 expensive.
I'm interested in a cheap place. What can you tell me about those?
We have dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to book one of those?
Yes, get me a table for two at [Dojo noodle bar] on Wednesday at [16:00]
There are no tables available at the time requested. Would you like to try another time or day?
Hmm.. can you try at [15:00] instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H6OB1O8J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge soon. I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. I could use some help with restaurants though.
Okay I can help with that. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant.
Thanks for the information. What area should the restaurant be in?
It should be in the west.
The [India House] is located on the West side and offers a wide range of fine diners.
Great. Could I book a table for 6 people on Sunday at [11:00]?
You're all set for sunday at 11:00 for six. The reference number is 111YXDK3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the west as well.
There is a place called Whale of a Time. The phone number is 01954781018. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was also interested in booking a taxi. Could you help me with that?
Sure, what time you would like to leave by?
Doesn't matter, as long as I leave [Whale of a Time] and get to [India House] before my reservation at [11:00].
I have booked you a taxi to arrive at the India House by 11:00. The car driven will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07207500599.
Ok, that's all I need, thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves [modern european] food.
There are a total of 4 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern european food. Is there a particular price range you would like?
Not really, but I have 8 people with me.
How about the [De Luca Cucina and Bar]? They're in the centre with a moderate price range.
That sounds perfect! Could you book me a table for friday at [18:00] for 8 people. Could you include the reference number also?
I have booked your table. Your reference is ZNVPVZD5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a hotel, I am on a budget so if you could find a cheap one that would be great.
There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel that is cheap. Do you have any other criteria such as area?
Not really, I don't need free parking or anything. What is available?
I would recommend the [Allenbell]. Would you care to book a room there?
Yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on Friday.
I have booked you and your party for the Allenbell. Your reference number is TZ42QW4H . May I assist you with anything else?
That should be everything. Thank you for all of the assistance!
You are welcome, goodbye.


Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
Yes, there are 15 places that are moderately priced guesthouses. Is there a certain area of town that you prefer?
I'd prefer something in the center of town that has free wifi.
I apologize but we don't have anything that fits your criteria. Would you like to change the area or try a hotel?
Oh, that's a bummer. Ok, how about trying in the north?
Of course! I have 8 options: 7 of which have 4 stars and 1 has 3 stars. Would you like more information?
The stars don't matter. Please book one for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Will any other length of stay or starting day be possible?
Let's try to start on Monday.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing available starting on Monday.
I actually would like it to be on Sunday for 2 nights.
I have reserved 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday at the [Acorn Guest house] which is in the north of the city, is moderately priced and has internet. Reference K0RIYU4Z .
Thank you for all your help. Good bye.
Goodbye. Have a great day!


I got injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're in need of?
I'm not sure, do you have the postcode for the hospital?
Yes, their postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need their phone number as well?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks very much!
welcome. at your service next time
Thanks for the info. Goodbye.
Happy to help. Have a great day.


I would like to find some place to go in town where I can look at architecture. Can you help?
There are five architecture attractions, all located in the center of town. There are four churches and one school.
Awesome, tell me more about the church closest to me right now and get me their phone number please
All saints church is located at jesus lane and has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I be of any further assistance?
Ya I am also looking for a hotel to stay. Would prefer one that doesn't have wifi if possible.
Unfortunately, all the hotels in town have internet available. Is there a particular price range your looking at?
Wifi will be fine then. Just something cheap and basic will be good. Do you know of such a place?
How about the cambridge belfry located at back lane cambourne?
I appreciate you finding wifi for me!
Did you need me to book a room at the [Cambridge Belfry] for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Saturday, 4 nights and 2 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3U32C59A . Can I help with anything else?
No that's great, thanks for your help.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thank you!
Great. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!


I need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.
I have 4 places in the south, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.
I did find one place that meets your needs. It's [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. Its a wonderful guesthouse. They offer both free parking and internet. Can I help you book?
Could I just have the phone number and address?
The address for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thanks! I actually would like a room, please. We'll arrive on Monday and stay 4 nights. There will be 4 of us.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : C9Z8AVU3 . Can I help you with anything else?
I also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.
The Junction Theatre is located in the South near your hotel. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, may I have both the address and postcode for [The Junction] Theatre?
The address is clifton way. The phone is 01223511511. How else can I help you?
I'd like a taxi please to pick me up at [The Junction] at [06:45] and then take me to [Rosa's]. Give me the car type and contact number
A white bmw has been booked. Call them at 07945579886 if anything comes up. Do you need anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.
I am so glad that you asked us, have a great day. Good-bye!


Hello, I'm in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars.
Great! I found three results! Two are in the centre and one in the north. Which would you prefer?
I would prefer one that is a guesthouse.
There are 2 options: one in the North and one in the town Centre. Which would you like?
Can I have the pricing and address of the one in the centre of town?
I cannot see the price but it does say it is cheap. Their address is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book it of you?
I am not ready to book just yet. Thanks for your help.
Certainly, is there anything else you need?
Yes, could you tell me the name of the lodging that you mentioned, please?
The name of the guesthouse is [El Shaddai].
Thank you so much. I am all set. Bye.
You're welcome. Please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with.


Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating. It's at Back Lane, cambourne. Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.
There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.
There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant where I can get some [korean] food, please.
There are no cheap korean restaurants in the area, would you like to look up a different restaurant?
What about a cheap korean restaurant in the north?
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you care to broaden your search a bit?
What about [Italian] food?
Does it have to be cheap and located in the north as well?
Yes it does have to be.
I found da vinci pizzeria would you like to book a table there?
Sure. I'd like a reservation for Tuesday.
Ok, for how many and at what time?
18:00. Also I need the address, postcode and phone number, please.
20 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy, and 01223351707. Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
[Worth House] matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for four people in the three nights starting on Sunday
I am sorry, but I was unable to book your request, would you be able to move the starting date or have a shorter stay?
I suppose. Is there a room available for 2 nights, starting Sunday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TF5T6MYF .. Anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You are quite welcome. Have a pleasant stay.


Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
I found 15 do you have any other requirements to help narrow it down?
Yes. The guesthouse must include free parking and free wifi.
Carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and internet. It is located in the east with a moderate price range. Will this suit your needs?
Yes it will. Please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on Friday.
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or for a shorter stay?
Could you tell me if it is available for one night?
I am sorry but the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not available for one night either, may I check another guesthouse for you?
Yes, please find another moderate guesthouse with free parking and wifi to book.
I'm sorry, I have tried the Hobsons House and The acorn guest house for 3 nights. Could you possibly book a different day to check in?
Do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the moderate price range?
Yes. i have the Ashley North and the Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
Hmmm ... let's try booking the Acorn Guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving Friday.
I'm sorry, but it's not available.
Are there any other hotels available?
How about we try the Lovell Lodge, if that's okay?
That would be fine with me
Lovell lodge does not have availability on Friday either. Would you like to try another guesthouse? Does the area matter? We could try kirkwood house, it is in the north.
Oh dear. Can you try one more time? Moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, Friday, 4 people? I really need this room.
Sorry, I tried all 12 of the avaialble places with those requirements and there is no availability.
Well what about helping me find something to visit in Cambridge? What is there to do on the west side?
I apologize for the trouble earlier. I managed to find you a guesthouse called The [Hamilton Lodge] and made a successful reservation. The reference number is EL0WI0ZV .
Oh, thank goodness. I was getting worried. Can you recommend any fun things to do in the west side of town?
You could always visit [Churchill College].
Okay, what kind of attraction is that? May I have their postcode and phone number please?
Churchill college is a college in the west. The phone number is 01223336233. The postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. You have been very helpful. Thanks!
You're welcome, please enjoy your visit to Cambridge.


I am coming to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?
I recommend the university arms hotel on regent street. Would you like me to book your stay?
Is that a guesthouse? I would like to stay in a guesthouse please. It doesn't need to have free parking.
No it isn't. But the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai are both guesthouses that fit what you are looking for. Are you interested?
[El Shaddai] sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about it?
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. the phone number is 01223327978. Can I be of further help?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.
You're booked at the El Shaddai, ref #XS30YDOA . Can I help you with anything else today?
Nothing else. Thank you for getting us booked.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
actually, i also need a [chinese] restaurant.
I can help you with that. In what area of town and price range would you like to dine?
I am looking for the south side and cheap please.
The Lucky Star will fit your needs. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes the same group of people on the same day at [13:30] please, sorry for being such a pain today
Okay. I have made reservations for 7 at [the Lucky Star] Restaurant for Tuesday at 13:30.
Thank you. What is the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3GOBXA42 .
Ok great, Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Are there any theaters that I can go to while I'm visiting Cambridge?
Yes!! Several, like the cambridge corn exchange. Is there a particular area you are interested in?
Yes a theatre in the east is what I am looking for.
Unfortunately there aren't any theatres in that area. Would a different area work for you?
I would consider a museum. Are there any in the east?
Yes I have 4, does a entrance fee matter to you?
I need the get postcode and phone number.
A museum wasnt picked, but i would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, the postal code is cb58ld and the number is 01223368650, may I help with anything else.
i don't want that museum, i hate technology. i want to destroy this computer i'm using.
Lol. Okay how about the gallery at twelve a high street then?
is it an art gallery? i also hate art. i'm a curmudgeon.
it's just listed as a museum but i would assume they have art there. anything else today?
I need a train to Peterborough on Saturday.
There are a few trains to that place. Where will you be departing from?
The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge.
The train nnumber is TR7310 and leaves at 5:06


Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
There are a lot of options in Cambridge. Can you please be more specific?
Are there any cheap options in the centre of town?
Yes, there are chinese, asian oriental, indian, italian, spanish, portuguese, modern europe, and mediterranean available.
Can I have the address? I am also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday to Cambridge.
We can take care of that too, but let's get your restaurant squared away first - in order to provide an address I'll need to know what type of cuisine?
Whichever one you think is best please.
I recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. They're located at 40210 Millers Yard, City Centre.
excellent. I will need the train booked for 5 as well.
Where will you travel too and from?
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after [11:15] please
and what day will you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Sunday.
We have 13 trains meeting your criteria. Do you have any idea how early you want to leave? The first train leaves at 11:32 and then every hour after that
The train should leave broxbourne after 11:15 so the 11:32 is a good choice. There are 5 of us traveling together. Please book.
It has been booked. You reference number is UCICW103 .
Great. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Perfect! What would you like to know? Our history, our vision for the future, or perhaps just book a train or hotel room?
I will be needing a place to stay on the north side of town.
there are 13 places to stay in the north side of town. Do you have a price range?
no. give me recommendation.
[acorn guest house] is a great location.
Is it expensive with free wifi?
It is moderately priced.
Does it also include free wifi?
Yes, the wifi is included.
That sounds good, I would like to book that one.
When will you begin your stay?
book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Sure, which group of people and the same day as what?
Sorry. For 3 people, starting Monday.
I've successfully booked a room for your group, the reference number is 1IBWHB5J .
Thank you, that's all I need.
you are welcome
bye. have a good time.
If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Good-bye.


Howdy, I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay. I'd like a place with free parking.
There are many places that meet that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 3 stars.
I have nothing with that exact criteria, perhaps something with a bit of a change in criteria?
How about an expensive one?
I have Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south that both meet your needs. Would you like to book one of these two?
Yes. Either of those should work although I would prefer The [Lensfield Hotel] since its in the south.
OK! I can book a room for you if you can tell me the day you're arriving, how many nights you need, and the number of people in your party.
Please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I'm sorry, the Lensfield Hotel does not have anything available then. Would you like me to try the [Gonville Hotel] for you?
Yes, anything in the same price range will work.
I was able to book a room at the Gonville for you, ref#AE00VOHE . Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.
Thank you for using this service. Enjoy your stay. Good bye.


I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.
do you have any constraints regarding cost or quality?
I am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.
How does El Shaddai sound? It is a cheap guesthouse with 0 stars located centrally. It includes both free wifi and free parking?
I would like to book a hotel.
There are no cheap hotels with 0 stars in the centre. Would you like to book cityroomz? It is a hotel that has 0 stars and it is moderately priced.
[Cityroomz] will be fine. I need a room for 2 nights starting Thursday. There will be a total of 8 guests.
I'm sorry, the book was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another date or a shorter stay?
How about for only a one night stay?
Sadly I couldn't book Cityroomz. But I was able to book [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] a 4 star guesthouse for an even cheaper rate for one night with 8 guests.
Thank you! What is the reference number?
Your reference number is 6MYWN42P .
I would also like to know about fun things to do in town. What types of entertainment is available near the hotel?
There is no entertainment in the centre would you like to look for another type of attraction?
In that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?
We have Gonville and Caius College on Trinity Street, Emmanuel College on Saint Andrew's Street, and Downing College on Regent Street.
Can you give me the full address for [Downing College] please?
[Downing College] is on Regent Street with the postal code cb21dq. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks, but I'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.
Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave my hotel no later than [17:15].
Great! I have a yellow honda set to pick you up. The contact number is 07441052837
Thank you! That's all I need today. You've been very helpful.
Glad to be of service!


Hey there, I need to find a train to cambridge from london kings cross
how about TR5219 that leaves at 05:17?
i need to arrive by [15:30] on friday.
TR4748 arrives at 14:08. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need one ticket.
You have 1 seat reserved on TR4748, reference #A4V9R126 . Can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. I don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a moderate price range.
Would you prefer Chinese or Indian?
Definitely [Indian]. Thanks
The nirala gets great reviews, its moderately priced and is in the north area of town. Would you like me to make reservations?
No, thank you. Can you give me the address, postcode and phone number, please?
Its address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone number is 01223360966 and its postal code is cb41uy.
I don't need anything else.
Okay, have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for a place to stay and it has to have at least a two star rating and free WiFi.
Okay, I found some options to fit your needs on the North side of town and on the east side. Do you have a preference for which area?
No, I'm going to have my car with me so I can get to any part of town. But now that I think of it, I'd like to have free parking.
I have three hotels meeting those requirements, two moderately priced and one expensive.
I would like one with a 2 star rating, if the moderately priced one is 2 stars I'd like to book it for 2 nights starting Thursday.
How many people would you like for that reservation?
I would like to book for 5 people, two nights starting Thursday, if that is not available then Tuesday and the reference number please.
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is BEJRBNDA . Do you need anything else?
i am also looking for a college to visit in town. do you have any suggestions?
I would suggest [churchill college]
That sounds interesting. What part of town is it in?
it's located in the west.
Can I get the phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great! I think I'll check it out. Thanks for your recommendation!
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I think that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.
You are very welcome. Have a great afternoon.


Can you tell me a little about the [clare college]?
Clare College is, obviously, a college located on the west side. Address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tl. Phone is 01223333200. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds for events there.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes what restaurants are in the west area in the expensive price range?
There are many to choose from. What sounds good? British, European, Indian or Thai?
Don't care as long as it's expensive and in the west side.
I suggest the [graffiti] that serves british food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I'd like their number and address please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223277977 and their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Thank you for all your help today! Goodbye
My pleasure! Have a wonderful day and thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I would like some information on places to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.
I have many options for you! Which area of town do you prefer? And do you have a preferred price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.
I'd recommend [Avalon]. It's located in the north, is moderately priced, and has internet. Would you like to make a booking?
I would also like to go to a museum.
I recommend the Cambridge Artworks museum located in the East area. The entrance fee is Free. Would you like the address?
I'm sorry for jumping ahead. I do want to book the guesthouse starting Tuesday for 5 people staying 2 nights.
Great. You're all booked. The reference number is 7H3I38KW .
Thanks. Now could I get the phone number for [Cambridge Artworks] please?
Their phone number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town to kill a few hours.
[Cambridge artworks] is nice. It is located at 5 greens road, in the east area.
Okay, can you get a taxi for me? I want to depart the attraction at [12:00] and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact number
I have booked that taxi service for you. They will be in a yellow telsa and a number to reach them is 07644001089. .
OK, great, thanks. That is all.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Hello, I'm hanging around town tomorrow due to an appointment and want to do something fun while I'm there. I'll be on the town centre most of the day.
There are plenty of things to do, are you interested in museums or architecture?
Either or would be fine!
I would suggest architecture as there are several churches in the area. Do you prefer something with free entry?
I am open to anything. Can you just pick a church and give me the address and entrance fee?
Sure. Holy Trinity Church is free and is located on market street. The postcode is cb23nz. Can I get you any other information today?
That's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the west.
There are 5 colleges in the west. Would you like more information on any of them?
No, can you recommend a popular one for me?
Sure, Churchill College is popular. It's free admission and is located on Storey's Way. The post code is cb30ds.
Great! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the college.
How about some high end indian food? There's a place called nice boat, their phone number is 01223302800 and they're on 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
I really love bistro food
Unfortunately, there does not seem to be any bistros in the west side of town, I can look in other areas if you'd like?
Can you look again for me in the same area?
we have british, european and indian food all in the west
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves [british] food?
[Graffiti] is a lovely British restaurant. Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure, I need it for 2 people at [18:15] on Wednesday. Can I get a reference number please?
Okay, I have you all set! The reference number is GOMW9RVX . Have a great time!
Thank you. Take care. Goodbye
You're welcome! It's been a pleasure!


Hi I need a taxi to pick me up at the [Hamilton Lodge] and take me to the [funky fun house].
What time do you need to leave Hamilton Lodge or arrive at the Funky Fun House?
I need to leave after [21:00] please.
Ok, a white Volkswagen will pick you up. The contact number is 07626227594.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Have a great day!
It has been a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night.


I would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves [tuscan] food
nothing is matching your request. I'm sorry.
Bummer. Could you help me find some cheap [Italian] food then?
If you do not have a preference of area, I recommend [La Margherita] in the west.
Sounds great, what is their phone number and address?
la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about italian?
La Margherita serves great Italian food. can i help with anything else ?
No that is all, thank you very much. Good bye.
You are very welcome. Good bye,


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
What aspects of it would you like me to help you with?
I am looking for a Sunday train to Bishops Stortford please.
There are several leaving on Sunday. What time would you like to depart?
The train should leave after [17:15] and should go to bishops stortford.
TR6742 leaves at 17:29 and arrives in bishops stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
No need to book. But, can you please give me the travel time and the price of the ticket?
The travel time is 38 minutes and the ticket cost is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for some things to do while I'm in town.
We have almost 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have something in mind to do?
Yes, I am looking for a museum in the centre.
We have 11 different free museums ranging from art to archaeology. I recommend [castle galleries] at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223307402.
am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of museum.
There are several museums in the centre of town. Do you have a preference on the type of art you which to see?


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
There are some great ones. Can I help you find something in particular?
I would like to try some [Indian] food.
I have 22 restaurants serving indian food. What is your price range?
Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the price range, address, and postcode, please?
Okay. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp and the price range is expensive.
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after [21:15] and should go to cambridge. The train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday
Do you have a time that you could like to arrive by?
No, I just need 6 tickets departing after 21:15.
the first train leaves the station at 21:24 will that work for you? Or we could try a cab
No the train sounds good. Can book 6 tickets please?
I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Make sure i get the reference number also please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B9L7E2J1 .
Thanks! That's all I needed.
Have a wonderful time.


Hello, a friend recommend I try out [Camboats] while I'm in town. Can you tell me more about it?
camboats is a boat in the east. Do you need a phone number?
Yes, please, and also the address.
The phone number for Camboats is 01223902112 and the address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me the entrance fee?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. I'm not sure if they have one or not.
Okay, don't worry about it. Just please find me a train that arrives in cambridge by [13:30]
TR5219 leaves from london kings cross at 05:17 arriving at Cambridge on Friday at 06:08. Would you like me to book a seat?
you didn't even ask where i'm leaving. or what time. you're not very helpful "Help Desk"
I think there was a bad connection or a line crossed on that last sentence. I have the arrival time as 13:30, I just need the day.
I will be traveling on Thursday.
I have a train on Thursday that arrives by 12:08. Will that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need tickets for 7 people.
Done! The total is 165.20 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 1AGJWGQ4 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need right now. Goodbye.
I am glad to help you. Have a good day.


Hi, Im looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and arrives by [14:45].
Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Bishops Strotford.
I have an available train to leave at 05:29. How many people will be riding with you?
There will be 5 of us traveling, I would like to make a booking and will need a reference number please.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is Z7EQWZDC . The total fee is 40.4 GBP at the station.
I am also looking for a museum to visit on the west side! Is there any?
We have 7 in the west actually. Do you want to narrow it down further?
I'll take the one on top of your list and may I have the phone number please?
Certainly, broughton house gallery, their phone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all for now, thank you.
Okay great. Thank you for calling!


I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find one?
What area of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay in the north. Wi-fi and at least four star reviews are also important.
That narrowed it down a bit. Do you have a preference on the price range? or the type of accommodation?
Not really, no. Can you give me the phone number for your favorite place?
Acorn guest house , the phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks, I also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on sunday.
What time would you like to depart?
Depart does not matter but I need it to arrive by [12:45].
I have train TR6774 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:32. Will that work for you?
Sounds like it. What is that travel time exactly?
60 minutes is the length of the train ride
Thanks. That's all I need. Good-bye.
Thanks and enjoy !


I am looking for a [gastropub] in the south.
I'm sorry I couldn't find any Gastropubs in the South. Is there another type or area which you would like to try?
Are there any Gastropubs in town?
As a matter of fact, it appears all of the gastropubs in Cambridge have closed. Is there anything else that interests you?
How about a [modern European] cuisine in the south area?
There is a restaurant called [restaurant alimentum] that meets your criteria.
Let's book that for [12:45] on Tuesday. It will be for 7 people.
I am sorry but that time is not available. Would you like to try another time or day perhaps?
Could you try [11:45] please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8HB62Z6W . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to see some entertainment near the restaurant. Could you recommend me something good?
How about [Tenpin] in the south?
Is it located near Alimentum? I'm looking for something in the same area as the restaurant.
Yes, it is. Nusha is in the South as well.
That will do. Please get me their address.
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the entertainment.
Sure. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
It doesn't matter, I just need to get there.
It's all booked, you're looking for a black volkswagen and their contact number is 07263669645.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That's everything I'll need today!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Splendid! Thank you for all your help. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating. Wifi optional.
I see 21 hotels so let's try to narrow it down. Is there a price range you want to be in?
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the cheap price range.
There is one hotel and a number of guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do any of them have free Wifi?
They do. Do you prefer any specific area of town?
I do not have a preferred area. Which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights Starting Thursday?
alexander bed and breakfast is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?


Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by [11:45]?
Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.
I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?
That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel
There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.
Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?


I need a guesthouse in the north to stay at.
Alright how does the avalon guesthouse sound?
Does it have free parking?
No it does not. How about the [Hamilton Lodge] guesthouse? It is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I need it for saurday, sunday, monday and tuesday please.
And how many will be staying?
Three people, 4 nights, thanks!
I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is X5NGAVNB . Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need to book a train to Kings Lynn that leaves after [8:30] on wednesday departing cambridge.
THe first train after 08:30 is TR2831, it leaves at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58, I can book you if you like.
Yes please, go ahead and book that.
How many tickets would you like?
I do not need to book.
Ok, is there anything else I can help you with today then?
That was all thank you.
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.


I really hope you can help. I need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. Do you have any recommendations.
There are four options available, do you have a preference for the price range?
No, but I do need a place with free parking.
We have ones with free parking in the south in the cheap, moderate and expensive range. Do you have a preference for hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have a preference for the price range or the type of lodging. Could you recommend one of them to me?
How about the [bridge guest house]? It is moderately priced and has both internet and parking?
I think that is good
Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I just need an address and postcode. Is it a guesthouse or hotel?
Its a guesthouse and its located at 151 hills road. The postcode there is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room there for you?
No that won't be necessary, thank you.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome have a wonderful day and thank you as well.


I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street
I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by [20:15] please.
I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27. Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.
Yes, TR9561 arrives at 19:27. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.
Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a hotel in the west. I need free parking and wifi available. Thanks so much.
Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA . There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range
Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I I need a hotel located in the west with free wifi and parking.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is in the cheap range but has 4 stars, would that work? Internet and parking are available.
Sounds great, thanks! What is their phone number?
the cambridge belfry's phone number is 01954714600.
And the Cambridge Belfry is a hotel or guesthouse?
It is a hotel. Is that ok?
That is perfect. Thank you.
Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I don't need a booking. You have given me all the information I need, for now. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you very much.
Have a great time.


Hello, I'm looking for a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you need?
No, I just needed the address. Good bye.
Thank you for calling the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I had a dispute over a car accident and need help.
You may contact the Parkside Police Station. The phone number is 01223358966.
That's great, can I get their postcode as well please?
Postcode: CB11JG. Do you need help with anything else?
That would be all for. Thank you for your help.
Let us know if you need anything else.


I want to find a hospital in town
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital. It is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. Their number is 01223245151. Are you looking for a specific department?
No thank you that is all I needed.
You are more than welcome!


i need a taxi pick up at [london kings cross train station] going to [saigon city]
Ok, what time do you want to leave by?
I want to leave by [05:00].
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow bmw Contact number : 07229816957


Hi, i need to book a taxi. I need to go to [cambridge corn exchange] and need to arrive by [11:45].
Of course, from where will you be departing?
I will leave from [Little Seoul].
I have booked your taxi, it will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07901027888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
Okay and what type of food would you like to eat?
I want [Portuguese] food.
I can look that up for you. What area should the restaurant be in?
In the East please.
I don't see any restaurants matching that criteria. Do you have another preference?
How about [Indian] food?
I would suggest [sitar tandoori].
Great! Can I get their address please?
It is at 3 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit near the restaurant.
The Cambridge Artworks meets your criteria and has a free entrance fee.
Great, would you happen to know there address along with postcode? Do you have there phone number as well?
Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef, phone number 01223902168
Thank you, that will be all for me today! Bye!
Bye. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge around [10:45]
What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday, and departing from Stevenage.
There are 3 trains that match your search. Do you want to book one?
No, can you just let me know the travel time for this trip?
The travel time from Stevenage to Cambridge is 49 minutes.
Ok thanks. I'll have to get back to you on how many tickets. Have a great day.
Thank you, goodbye!


I'm planning to visit Cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale [Chinese] dining.
I have several recomendations. Would you care to try Yu Garden? It has great Chinese food, but is expensive.
I don't mind an expensive restaurant so that will be fine. I would like to reserve a table for 3 on Sunday at [15:00].
How about [yu garden]? It's expensive and serves chinese food.
That should be fine. Can you get the reference number?
Unfortunately there are no reservations left at that time. Would you like to change the restaurant?
Do you have reservations for [14:00] for Yu Garden since the 15:00 is full?
For 14:00, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NHCRN6DS .
Thanks. I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi and free parking.
Certainly. What area of town do you prefer?
Any part of town will be fine.
There are 21 guesthouses that offer those amenities. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, any price range is fine. Go ahead and book, and get me the postcode.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and in the centre. The postcode is cb12de. To book, I need to know when you'll stay and how many people.
That's all I need for now. thanks!
Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!


I'm looking for [Korean] food in the east area.
There are not any Korean restaurants in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area of the city?
How about [Indian] food?
Yes there are four different restaurants. What is your price range? There's moderate to expensive available.
It does not matter, the price is whatever. Just book me one for Saturday.
What time do you want me to book for?
I need a table for 5 people at [14:30]. Could you give me a reference number?
[Curry Prince] is highly recommended. I booked a table for 5 at 14:30 on saturday, your reference number is FZLK0ZCF . Can I help with anything else?
yeah i need info on stuff to do in town.
Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
Yes, I need the address for a swimming pool please.
My favorite pool is [Parkside], in the center of town.
That would be fine can I get the address please?
Yes, the address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I need for today. Bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train departing from london liverpool please.
I'll be glad to help. You would like to from london liverpool street to what destination, please?
Cambridge. I'd like to leave after [10:00] on Friday.
I have seven trains, could you tell me when you would like to arrive by ?
Just any time after 10:00, can I get the train ID of one of them please?
TR7943 leaves at 11:39
Thank you very much! That is all I need for today.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi
Just to clarify, does it matter if this establishment is a guesthouse or a hotel?
No, it really doesn't matter. I need free parking and free wifi though. I'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the north.
There are 7 matches, do you have any other preferences?
No other preferences. Which one do you recommend?
I would recommend [Home From Home], a guesthouse at 78-80 Milton Road.
That sounds lovely, can I please have the post code for that?
The postcode for Home from Home is cb41la. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I want to eat at a moderate [Chinese] restaurant.
In what area?
I don't have a preference.
May I suggest [Golden Wok]. They are located on the north side of town at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
please book a table for 1 people at [18:45] on Tuesday.
Reference number is : E0UF3S84 . You are booked, it will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. Pick up place: [Home from Home]
You are booked for a blue lexus with the contact number of 07187698184. May I help with something else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to Cambridge?
Certainly, do you have an area, pricerange, or food type?
Something near the attraction [primavera] would be nice. Where is that located?
The Primavera is located in the centre area. I'll be happy to find a restaurant in that area for you. What type of food would you like?
What is the phone number for The Primavera?
The Primavera can be reached at 01223357708
I also want to dine at a moderate restaurant in the center area.
What price range are you looking for?
I would like something in the moderate price range.
I would suggest [the varsity restaurant].
I need it for 1 on [11:30] Tuesday.
Okay, I've made the reservation for 1 at the varsity restaurant on tuesday at 11:30. The reference number is AXLJBTF7
I also want a taxi to go between those two places.
Ok great and what times do you prefer?
I don't care about the departure time, I just need to be at the restaurant by the booked time.
Your are all set, look for a grey volkswagon, if there are issues, the driver can be reached at 07015859463, can I assist with anything else?
That is all thanks.
welcome and thanks for using our services


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge.
There are nine of them. What price range do you prefer?
I think something cheap. If not, go up to moderate.
I suggest pizza hut city centre, it has a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it or would you like more information?
Yes, Please book the reservation.
I'd be happy to book a table for you. Please let me know the day, time, and the number of people in your party.
I would like the post code and phone number for the restaurant please, and I would like to book a train.
The post code is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223323737. Where would you like to book a train to?
I need to go to Stevenage on Sunday.
Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.
Do you have a time in mind?
Yes, after [8:30] would be best.
I have booked you a train ride on TR6488 which will depart at 09:21 and will arrive at 10:10. The total fee will be 10:24GBP. Would you like the reference number?
What is the total travel time?
The total travel time will be 49 minutes.
Great, thank you. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you. Thanks for your help.
Good day to you.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
There are mexican, chinese, italian and indian restaurants in the area. Are there any food type in particular you would like?
I don't care.
[Chiquito restaurant bar] is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the address and phone number?
Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you. Good bye.
thank you good bye


I am looking for information in Cambridge
You have come to the right place! What can I do for you?
I'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the south
I have 2 chinese places, an indian, an italian and a mexican place that fit that description. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for [chinese] please.
There are two choices: Peking restaurant or the good luck Chinese food takeaway. Which one appeals to you?
you can choose and then book it for me for 7 people on saturday at 12:45. and tell me the reference number
the search returned two restaurants for booking, choosing peking


Please book me a taxi to take me from [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] to the [London Liverpool Street Train Station].
What time do you want to leave by?
I need to get there by [1:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07852042631


I need a restaurant in the Cambridge area that serves [international] food and is moderately priced.
[the varsity restaurant] is a really good choice. Want a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.,
Okay, anything else I can help with?
Is that restaurant in the centre area and could I get the postcode please?
Yes it is located in th center and their postcode is cb23ar
i also need a place to stay
Is there a specific part of town that you are wanting to stay?
No particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 3 stars.
There are five that meet your criteria. A guesthouse and hotel in the south, a hotel in centre, a guest house in north, and another guesthouse in west.
Why don't you recommend one of the hotels?
I recommend [gonville hotel]. Do you want a booking?
I don't need a booking, but can you please inform me of the area, type, and phone number for it?
The are is centre, the price range is expensive and the phone number is 01223366611.
Great! I also will need a taxi between the two places.
Where will you be departing from?
I would like to be picked up from the [gonville hotel] by [21:00] please.
Your booking was successful, a blue tesla will be picking you up and the contact number is 07361030196, anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I don't need anything else! Goodbye!
You're welcome. Good bye


Need a place to eat, [panasian] food, pricey!
I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any Panasian restaurants that fall into that price range. Would you like to look for a different type of food?
[Thai] food would be just as good.
I have 2 places, would you like the one in the west or centre of town?
Could I have the postcode, and address of both of them please?
Sala Thong is at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham, cb39ey and Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City, Centre, cb23jx.
Thanks. I need a place to stay also. I would like a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?
I show 23 guesthouses available with free wifi. Which area of town would you like to stay?
I would like to stay on the east side, please.
There are 6 guest houses in the east that offer free wifi. Can I recommend the [Autumn House]?
Hmm, I've never been there. Let's try that. Can you book me a room for Saturday for 5 guests, 2 nights please?
No problem! Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MJ95SPPP .
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
Which restaurant will you be going to and what time would you like to arrive?
Thank you, I would like to commute from the hotel to [Sala Thong], and I want to leave by [06:15].
Ok, I have booked a taxi for you. Its going to be a blue Audi & the contact number is 07493726924.
Great, you've been awesome. Bye.
Have a great day and a great trip! Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for the location of the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] please?
They are located in the east side. Can I help with any other questions?
Could you please book me a stay for one person for 5 nights starting thursday?
I have made the booking here is the information-Booking was successful. Reference number is : LYYMC1PY . Can I help with anything else?
Thanks for booking the lodging. Would you help with a restaurant? I want to dine in the center at a cheap restaurant.
I found 5 restaurant that cheap and in the center of the town. Do you want me to book you a table ?
I would like an [Indian] restaurant please.
I would recommend The Gandhi. Would you like reservations?
Is [The Gandhi] cheap? If so, I'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at [14:00] on the same day, please.
I am unable to book that right at the moment. Would you like me to check on another locations availability?
How about [13:00], does the restaurant have this time available?
I was able to book a table for 13:00 the reference number is C5ADLT6M . Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
I am happy to hear we were able to help you. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel in the north side.
I have many options in the north. All are in the cheap to moderate range. Do you have any further requirements?
I'd like a 2 star hotel with free parking.
Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge are both available
The Ashley Hotel sounds fine, can you book that for me please. Also, I need the postcode of that hotel as well.
the post code is cb41er. what day would you like the reservation for?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks. Have a nice day.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. Can you help me?
There are 21 matches. What type of food do you want?
We're willing to experiment. I have 7 people. Anything you recommend?
There is a British restaurant named [cotto] that you may want to try.
Okay, let's go with that one. I need a table for 7 at [19:15] on Saturday.
You're all set! Your reference number is XDENSO4L . Do you need anything else?
Yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from Peterborough.
Sure, we have a lot of trains. Where are you heading to?
I will be heading to Ely.
There don't seem to be any trains going to Ely from Peterborough.
Wait, what? Are you serious?
Yes, very serious. I'm not sure why but it appears all of those trains have been cancelled.
I think we got some crossed wires. I need the train from peterborough to cambridge. I need it for Saturday.
there is a train that leaves at 05:19 am.
Okay, please book the train for 7 people on Saturday.
Do you have a specific departure time or arrival time in mind before I book the train?
Yes, I just need to arrive by [12:15].
There are 13 trains that would get you to Cambridge by 12:15. Train TR8494 would arrive at 12:09. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Yes, please book that for 7 people.
Your total is 92.4 GBP, which you can pay at the station when you pick up the tickets. Your Reference number is : DWZ3T4RK .
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by [17:30].
I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at [15:29] and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.
Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3 . Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi
May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.
We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the [Kirkwood House] include free parking?
Yes it most certainly does.
What's the price range, postcode and address please
The Kirkwood House is moderately priced and is located at 172 Chesteron Road, CB4 1DA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.
Okay. The guesthouse is Kirkwood House and it is moderately priced, located at 172 Chesterton Road Reference Number CB41DA .


I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves [cantonese] food.
I'm sorry but there is not cantonese restaurant in the east, can i offer you something else?
What about an [Indian] restaurant?
[Curry Prince] is an Indian restaurant in the East part of town.
what is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 324351
Address please
Curry Prince is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
thank you. Good bye.
thank you good bye


Hello, I need to book a train for Thursday leaving to Peterborough.
No problem, can you please let me know where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave Cambridge after [09:15].
TR7317 leaves at 10:06 on Thursday, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes just one seat, and I'll need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : SALFLI4E .
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant called [Panahar].
Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 5 at [11:00] on thursday
I have booked your reservation for 5 on thursday at 1[1:00]. Your reference number is 2UOIVX5L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks so much. Let me double check my list.
Perhaps I could help you find an attraction to visit while you're in town?
That would be great. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre. A college would be nice.
we have several 3 in the west and 2 in the centre of town, any preference?
I don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? Which one do you think is the most beautiful?
[Corpus Christi] in the centre is quite beautiful, in my opinion.
Great, could I get the address there?
Sure, their address is king's parade. Do you need anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
You taxi is booked. Look for a black lexus, contact number is 07439355567. Can I help with anything else?
I believe that is all for today. I really appreciate all your help. Have a great day. goodbye
excellent, have a great day!


Can you tell me about the [Cambridge university botanic gardens].
The botanic gardens is a lovely part of the university which is open to the public for a fee of 4 pounds.


I would like to book a taxi to [hughes hall] please.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [the river bar].
What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive by [19:00] if possible.
Great, I have booked you a white Honda the Contact number is 07767407244. Anything else I can help you with.
nope thats all thanks
It was my pleasure to assist you with that. Hoping you have a great day. Goodbye.


Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?
There are 15! Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
No just one that I can book for friday would be good.
What time would you like to book and for how many people?
[16:00] on Friday please for 6 people.
[zizzi cambridge] is an italian restaurant in the centre, shall I book?
Yes, can I also get the reference number?
Your reference number is AZ5ZZKQ0 .
Thank you, I also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport
I can help you with that. What is the date and time you need to travel?
I need to arrive by [09:45] Saturday.
I can get you on one at 8:40. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people.
I can book you on TR5580 which will leave cambridge at 08:40 and arrive at stansted airport b 09:08. How many shall I book it for?
I would need 6 tickets please and the reference number.
The total fee is 48.48 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is J1U2HA9U .
Thank you. That'll be all!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay! What would you like to know?
I would like to find a train to Kings Lynn.
When would you like to travel to Kings Lynn?
On Friday, and I want to arrive by [19:15].
How about train 3112? It leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58.
Thank you. How much would it cost?
It will cost 9.80 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you recommend a college to visit?
how about christ's college?
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number and area?
01223334900. That is in the Centre. Is there anything else?
No, there is nothing further. Thank you so much for your help!
You are so welcome! Have a great time!
Thank you, I will.
Try some of our great restaurants during your stay. Goodbye.


I need help finding a hotel called [Bridge Guest House]. Thanks.
It is in the south part of town located at 151 hills road.
Do they have internet?
Yes it has internet. Would you like to book something here?
Not at the moment. I'm also interest in an attraction called [Emmanuel College]. Where is it located?
It's located in the centre of town on saint andrew's street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, are there any boat attractions?
Yes, what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Actually can I have the address and post code to the Bridge Guest House and the same for [Emmanuel College]?
Bridge guest house is located at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj. Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for all of the information. That is exactly what I needed.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.
Thanks, that is all for today.


i will be in Cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi
sure I can assist you with that. When is your stay?
I want to arrive on Monday and Leave Sunday.
I have 2 in the west area and 1 available in the centre of town. Does area or price matter to you?
I would also like free parking. Price doesn't matter.
I recommend the [university arms hotel]. It is expensive, but a good place on regent street.
What is the price and the address for that hotel?
The address is regent street and it is in the expensive price range.
Is there more an address, such as building number? Also, what area of town is it in? How many starts is it?
The postcode is cb21ad. It's a 4 star hotel in the centre area of town.
Thanks! Can you help me find a place to sight see while I am in town?
We have many attractions in town, What type would you prefer? Theatre, museums, parks, etc?
I am looking for a college
Can i recommend [churchill college]. It's very popular.
That sounds great. I just need the phone number and entrance fee.
The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance is free.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Churchill College by [04:30] to travel to the University Arms Hotel. Can you book me a taxi, please?
Sure, I've got that booked for you. Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07188560611
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
Enjoy your stay. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Find me a place to stay that has free parking, but I don't need internet.
Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
I would prefer to be in the Centre.
We have 2 cheap guesthouses and 2 expensive hotels, all in the centre of town but with different star ratings. Do you have any preferences?
Do you have one in a 4 star rating that has free wifi?
Yes, the University Arms Hotel is available and is located on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I really need a hotel in the east. Can you take a look at those for me?
There are 5 options in the east that meet your criteria. All are guest houses. Do you have a price range in mind?
no, should have four stars though.
I'm sorry, did you say you don't need Internet? Because I'm not finding anything that meets your criteria in the east part of town.
I do need internet.
Would you like to try another part of town as the east was a no go?
yes, I suppose.
I checked all the different areas and there's still no matches.
No thank you that will be all
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


Can you suggest something to do on the east side of town?
There are a lot of things to do. What would you like ?
Something that is entertainment, please.
I'd recommend Funky Fun House. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like more information about the [Funky Fun House].
They are an entertainment attraction in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate. The postcode is cb58hy.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the North area of town, something on the less expensive side, if possible.
I'd recommend [acorn guest house]. It's moderately priced with free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from Friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9VNGOGLF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be all thank you goodbye
Thanks for letting us assist you today. Have a great trip!


Please book a taxi for me
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arrive by [19:00]
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from the [Alpha-Milton Guest House].
Where will the taxi be taking you tonight?
I am eager to visit [cambridge university botanic gardens].
Ok, I've booked your taxi. It will be a grey lexus, contact number 07229148300
What time will the taxi be arriving at the Alpha-Milton?
You should contact the taxi for an approximate time.
That is all I need. Goodbye.
Anytime! Enjoy your stay.


Hello, I am looking for accommodations with free wifi.
I can definitely help with that. I have many options. In order to narrow it down, do you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
Either one, but I insist on 4-star quality.
How about [Arbury Lodge guesthouse]? It is in north, is moderately price with free wifi and has 4 stars.
What's the postcode and address for that?
The address is 82 arbury road and the postcode is cb42je
Am I able to park for free there?
Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Do you need me to assist you in making a reservation?
No, thanks. I also need a train on Sunday out of Cambridge.
There are many. What time would you like to leave and what's your destination?
I want to leave for Peterborough after [18:30].
I've booked you a ride on train TR8255, your reference number is E1SGGIUC, the ticket will cost 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I just need the arrival and travel times for that train, thanks.
TR8255 departs at 18:34 and arrives at 19:24. Hope that helps! Any other questions?
You have been a great help. Thank you very much! Goodbye!
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay!


I need to find a train for Saturday.
I have many trains that depart saturday. Where will you be departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Ely and traveling to Cambridge.
Okay, and what time do you want to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by [11:45].
There are 3 trains here. Do you want me to book any tickets?
Yes please. I need it to be booked for 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZVERHBT3 .
Thank you, that is all I need.
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.
We have 9 restaurants to chose from. There are Italian, Indian, French, Chinese, European and Asian Restaurants. What sound good to you?
I prefer [Chinese]. Something is the expensive price range
I would suggest the [hakka] it is chinese in the north and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
I'd like to get the address and postcode. Yes, I'd like a reservation please. This place sounds great.
Hakka is located on Milton Road, Chesterton, cb41jy. When would you like your reservation?
On Friday. I also need a 4 star hotel in the west.
We have one in the cheap and one in the expensive range. Which would you prefer?
I actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.
Hutington Marriot is an expensive 4-star hotel on Kingfisher Way. It's phone number is 01480446000. Should I book that for you?
I'm sorry, I've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. Could you just give me the information on that one? No booking today.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is hotel in the west, within the cheap price range. What information on the hotel would you like?
do they offer free parking?
Yes. the [cambridge belfry] offers free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like me to book it?
No, thanks, but I do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at [23:15], please.
Ok, I've booked you a taxi from the hotel and restaurant. It will be a red volkswagen. the contact number: 07761073818
Thank you,thats all I need today.
Thanks for contacting us!


Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking.
I found 5 hotels with free Internet and parking. What area are you looking?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like a cheap guesthouse, if possible.
The city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north area in the cheap range, with parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room?
Could I get the hotel's phone number and postcode please?
Yes, City Centre B&B has a postal code of cb43ht. They can be reached at 01223312843. May I assist with anything else?
No, you helped me out. Thanks. Goodbye.
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!


Hey, I was wondering if there are any multiple sports venues on the west side?
Not on the west side, no. There is on multiple sports venue in Cambridge, and it's in the east.
How about a college to visit instead?
We have 5 colleges to visit on the west side. Churchill College is a nice one, and it's free to enter.
Can I have the address and postcode of Churchill College and entrance fee?
Sure thing, the address of Churchill College is Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train on Tuesday departing from Broxbourne.
What time did you want to travel?
Leaving anytime after [17:45] please.
What time would you like to arrive by?
The earlier the better, so whichever train leaves closest to 17:45
The closest train is TR8653, it leaves at 18:32, shall I book you?
what is its arrival time and how long will it take?
The arrival time for TR8653 is 19:32 and the travel time is 60 minutes.
If there isn't anything earlier that is close to 17:45 I will take the train at 18:32.
No, there is not anything earlier than 18:32. How many tickets do you want to purchase?


I would like to go to a park in the center of town.
There is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens which is a park. Will this work for you?
Yes, what is the address and phone number?
Their address is bateman street and phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thanks!
Sure, have a great day. Bye.


Hi, I need a place to stay. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse type. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Are you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
No, I don't need a particular area, but I am looking for something moderately priced.
There are 15 Guesthouses with a moderate price. Do you have further criteria to narrow that down or would you like a recommendation?
I've changed my mind and would like to go ahead and pick the center of town. Wifi would be great.
I don't have a guesthouse available but i do have a hotel. Would that work?
Yes lets book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting monday.
Ok, you are all booked at [cityroomz]. Your reference number is QQ57BSBE .
Thank you, can you tell me about a place called [the Ghandi]? I near that they have the best tandorri chicken.
Yes, they're great. I've eaten there many times. They are cheap and located in the center of town at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need a reservation?
Nope I need their phone number though and postcode when you get a chance, thanks
Their phone number is 01223353942 and postcode is cb21dp. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge


I am looking for a multiple sports venue in the centre of town.
Unfortunately I did not find any multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Perhaps you would be interested in searching in a different location?
How about one that is in the type of museum?
Sure, we have 11 museums in the centre area, a few are broughton house gallery, cambridge contemporary art, castle galleries and primavera. Any sound good?
Can I get a postcode, entrance fee, and address of one of them?
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960, and it's free to get in.
Excellent. Can I also book a train as well? I need one that leaves after [9:45] to cambridge.
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Stevenage on Thursday.
I have trains departing every 2 hours on the :54's, TR3330 leaves at 9:54, would you like to book it?
I don't think so but how much does that one cost?
That particular route is 12.80 pounds a ticket. Anything else I can help you with today?
I need the train ID.
The train ID was TR3330. Do you want to book a ticket?
No, but I do need to know when the train TR 3330 arrives, please.
The TR3330 will arrive in Cambridge on Thursday at 10:43. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
That looks to be all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Call anytime.
Thank you, goodbye.
Good bye.


Hi, I need a train out of london liverpool street on Monday
What time did you want to leave london liverpool or arrive in cambridge?
i want to leave after [12:15]
TR6226 will leave at 13:39, would that work for you?
Sure. Can I get the arrival time and how long it will take?
The arrival time is by 15:07 and it will take 88 minutes. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. However, I do need to find an expensive restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Any suggestions?
[Kymmoy] looks like a good choice.
Please reserve a restaurant for five people at [19:15] on Monday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DWLEYVAV . is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all I need.
It has been a pleasure, have a great day. Goodbye


Let's find me a cheap eatery in the north part of the town. Thank you.
There are 2 places in the north that are in the cheap price range. Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria. Do either sound good to you?
[Royal Spice] sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 2 at [17:45] on Sunday?
Sure reference number is CH9ZLEFO
I also need a place to stay
Could you tell me what area you would like to stay in, and if you require parking or wifi?
I want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the north, just like my restaurant
I have found the [City Centre North B and B] guesthouse. It is cheap and has 0 stars.
Can you tell me the postcode?
Sure. The postcode is cb43ht. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a taxi also.
Okay, please tell me where you will depart from, your destination, and a time that you either wish to leave or arrive by
The hotel to the restaurant....
The taxi booking has been completed! Look out for a yellow bmw the contact number is 07132659323. Anything else I can assist with today?
That does it for now, thank you.
Great. Thanks for talking to us!


I'm looking for a train that will depart from Birmingham New Street and go to Cambridge. Can you help me?
There are 133 trains from Birmingham New Street and to Cambridge. Is there a particular day and/or time you're interested in?
Yes, I want to leave on Monday and I need to arrive by [11:15]
Train TR5747 departs at 7:40 and would arrive in Cambridge at 10:23. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, thanks.
Here is your reference number: QQVPN13M . Total fee will be 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking a 0 star hotel with a cheap price.
I found 2 zero star guesthouses that are cheap. One is in the north and one in the centre. Which area would you prefer?
Are you able to find me a hotel in the east with free parking?
There are 3 cheap guesthouses in east with free parking. They are all 4 stars. Would you like me to book one of those?
No, I'd like that zero star cheap guesthouse in the north.
Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to stay?
Monday. Please give me their phone number , postcode and address
City Centre B&B sounds perfect for you. Their phone number is 01223312823, and their address is 328a histon road, postcode cb42ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thank you. You have been quite helpful.
Thank you very much, enjoy your stay.


I would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range.
There are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I am interested in [Indian] food please.
There are six restaurants that match that description. Can recommend one of them for you?
Yes please do.
The [Curry Garden] serves expensive Indian food in the centre of town.
Great can I get a reservation there for 8 people at [12:30] on sunday?
Sorry, there is no table available then. Would you like to try another time slot?
I think I'd rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time, actually. You mentioned there are several others?
Yes, there's the Goden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, and Curry King.
Great! Can I have the Goden [Curry]?
Sure, when would you like to make a reservation?
12:30 on Sunday. There will be 8 of us.
I apologize. I have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on Sunday. Would a different day or time suffice?
I guess I could try [11:30].
Reservation booked with The [Curry Garden] for Sunday at 11:30am for 8 people. Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6GRFMVDJ .
Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with today?
No, I am all set. Bye.
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.


I am looking for a college attraction in town.
There are 18 choices in town. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I am pretty much open to anything! Could you recommend one and give me their information please?
Sure! [Christ's college] is located in the centre and is free to enter!
that sounds great. Can I have the phone number, and address for this free attraction please?
The phone number is 01223334900 and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. What else can I assist with?
Thank you for the information. I also need to find a cheap restaurant serving [Italian] food. Can you help me with this?
Certainly. I have five Italian restaurants in the cheap price range. What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer to eat in the center of town. Is there anything available?
Yup there is a place called Pizza Hut City Centre that serves cheap Italian food. Want me to book it?
No need to book for now, just gathering information.
That's fine. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you.
Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?
I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.
They are the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The [University Arms] sounds good.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.
Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL .
Perfect. You have been so much help!
I'm glad I could help you today. Is there anything else you need?
Yes please, I also need a train to Cambridge, on Thursday.
What town are you leaving from? What time do you want to depart or arrive, please?
I will be leaving Cambridge and arriving at Ely.
We have 10 trains that match your criteria. The TR0996 leaves at 05:50 and gets to Ely by 06:07. Would you like to book you a seat on it?
No thank you. I just need the price and travel time please.
Sure! The travel time is 17 minutes and it costs 144.40 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for calling today. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help. Goodbye.


I am injured I need a hospital that has the [cambridge eye unit] department
The number for that department is 0122357168
Thanks. Can I get an address as well?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need the postcode?
Yes, please. May I also have the general phone number for my records, too?
The main phone number for Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223245151. May I assist you with anything else?
Can I please have the full address of the hospital as well as the postal code?
The address of the hospital is TR6247. The postcode is CB20QQ.
How would I find TR6247 in Cambridge?
Sorry for the mix-up the full address for Addenbrookes Hospital is (including postcode): Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ and their number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Glad to be of help. Good day.


can i find a train to peterborough departing from cambridge
Are you interested in train TR9859 which leaves friday by 5:06 and arrives by 5:56?
The train should leave on thursday and should arrive by [15:15]. so thyat one may not help me
TR5146 will arrive by 14:56 in peterborough on Thursday, would you like to book a seat?
No that won't be necessary, could you just let me know what the departure time is for that one?
It departs at 14:06.
That's very helpful. Thanks! That is all I need.
Thanks for contacting us. Please let us know if we can help you in the future.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap.
I have 9 that meet your request. Would you like a certain area of town?
No, but I want a hotel with free parking and has a star rating of at least 4.
There are 7 now that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a certain area?
Nope, just pick your favorite. I need lodging for 5 people, 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Wednesday.
The alexander bed and breakfast includes internet and is in the centre area. Would that be okay?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant [tandoori palace]. Can you give me the address and phone number?
The Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223506055. Did you still need that hotel booking?
Yes, please. That was 4 nights at the [Alexander] starting Wednesday. 5 people.
I have you booked for 5 people for four nights starting on wednesday and your reference number is OO0ATNMC .
could I have the address
Absolutely! The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Okay great, that is all I needed. Have a good day!
You too! Goodbye.


I need to find a place to eat and would prefer [Indian] food.
It would be my pleasure to assist you in your restaurant search. Do you have a preference on price point and/or area of the city?
I would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.
There are two indian restaurants in the east, [curry] price and rajmahal. Would you like me to book you a table at one?
Yes please. Could you make a reservation for 8 at [18:15] on Wednesday?
I'm sorry sir, neither restaurant is available at that moment. Do you want to try a different day or time?
how about [17:15]. Get me a reference number for that.
I have booked you at the curry prince. Reference number is MRQELLG2 . May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant.
I recommend [Cambridge Artworks], which is a free museum in the same part of town as your restaurant.
Could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?
[Cambridge Artworks] is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef, and it's free to enter.
Cool. Can you help me book a taxi? I need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.
Booking is complete, look for a grey ford, the phone number is 07959689504, may I assist with anything else?
That's all, you've been a great help!
Happy to help! Enjoy your stay.


I want an expensive restaurant and serves [european] food. What is the phone number?
There is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant in the West area. Their phone number is 01223 355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank You
Thank you, goodbye!


I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.
There are 11 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow them down by price range?
Are any of those 11 guesthouses?
Yep there are 5 guesthouses. Do you wanna just try acorn guest house?
Does it offer free wifi?
Yes, it does have internet.
Okay. Please help me book this guesthouse.
What day, number of nights, and number of people would you like to book for?
I do not have all of that information at this time. Can I talk to you again when I know more?
Yes that is all right.
Thank you for your help!
It's my pleasure. Have a nice trip!


Hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the Centre of town, please?
Yes, there are over 20 of various types, do you have any type of food that you are craving?
I am looking for [Thai] food.
I'm sorry, there isn't a Thai restaurant there. Any other ideas?
What about [asian oriental]?
Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes a table for four. Thank you
What time and day were you plan on eating at the [Yippee Noodle Bar]?
Actually, I don't need a reserved table after all. But, can I get their phone number please?
Sure, the number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you tell what parks are good in town?
I sure can. There are five parks in town. Would you prefer to visit one in a particular part of town or are you open on the location?
Whatever park you think is the best one.
I like [sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway], because I can pet all of the nice soft pretty animals. Would you like to play with the animals too?
That sounds like it'll be fun to visit. What is the entrance fee, address, and phone number?
The free park is located at fen causeway, newnham road. The telephone number is 01223302580. May I help with anything else?
No. All set. Thanks.
Have a great day.


Hi, I would like info about museums I could visit on the west side.
Sure, there are several. Most are free. My favorite one with free admission is [Kettle's Yard] on Castle Street. It is on the West side, is that area ok?
That one sounds great. Can you give the address and hours?
The address is castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
Great, thanks! I also need a place to stay, I'd prefer a guesthouse.
I found 24 guest houses for you. Any particular area you have in mind?
Yes please. The north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.
There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town. May I suggest Acorn Guest House or Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Both are moderate price range with 4 stars. Which would you like?
The [acorn] please. can you book that?
Sure, how many days will you be staying and how many people in the room?
Actually, I'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could I also get information about a taxi.
Sure what would you like to know?
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? That is important. First things first.
Yes it has free parking and internet.
Okay. I need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the museum by [16:00], please.
Ok to be clear what is your destination and your departure locations?
Don't you have access to my previous requests? It would be from Kettle's Yard to the acorn guest house and I need to leave by 16:00.
Yes expect a red Ford to pick you up and his contact number will be 07816413809.
Sounds great! I think I have everything I need now. Thanks for all your help.
Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around [12:00] from Cambridge proper.
Yes, can you tell me where you would like to travel to and what time?
I'll be going to London Kings Cross on Friday. I need to arrive by [12:00]
The TR1502 puts you in London Kings Cross at 11:51, will that work for you?
Yes, please book that for 5 people.
I was able to book you 5 tickets for that train. Your reference number is XNQN9BN0 . Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the centre of town, please.
alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap location. Shall I book?
I am actually looking for something in the more expensive range and it should also include free parking.
There are two locations in the expensive range, Gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel and University Arms Hotel which is a 4 star hotel, which location would you prefer?
Put me in the [University Arms], same group of people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.
I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 3JP83PAX .
that is great. thank you. that is all for now.
You're welcome. Have a nice day too
You have been most helpful. Are there any colleges in the area with free admission. Or other attractions available close by?
Yes, there are several colleges in the city centre.
thanks once again
Have a great day, thanks


I am looking for a hotel called [alpha-milton guest house]
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town at 63 milton road.
book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
I have successfuly booked the hotel for you. Your reference number is 1XPV9OMK . Is there anything else I may help you with?
No thank you!
You are welcome. Have a good visit. Thanks for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
I would really love to find an expensive [Polish] restaurant.
I'm sorry but there are no expensive Polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about [Chinese] food?
We have Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to book one of those?
Can I have the phone number for the [Ugly Duckling] restaurant?
There is no phone number for Ugly Duckling.
Okay let's try the [Tang Chinese]. Is there a phone number for them?
The phone number for Tang Chinese is 01223357187.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. I'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. Are there any museums in the area?
There are a few options. How about primavera, castle galleries, cambridge contemporary art or broughton house gallery. Would you like additional information on either of these?
I'd be interested in the contemporary art. Do you know how much it costs to get in?
[Cambridge contemporary art] has free entrance. It is located at 6 trinity street. Do you need any more information?
That's not needed. I am looking for a taxi to go between the two places, though.
What time would you like to go between the two locations?
Oh, wait. I'm so sorry. Before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art museum?
The phone number is 01223324222
I want to leave the museum by [4:15].
Wonderful. I was able to schedule that taxi for you. You will be riding in a grey Ford. If you have any questions for them, you can reach them at 07508824111.
Thanks so much for all your help.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything. I'm sure my trip will be fantastic. Thank you for all the help. Have a good day!
Okay thank you for calling.


I am looking for the [John Farman Intensive Care unit] of the Addenbrookes Hospital.
Yes the telephone for the John Farman Intensive Care unit of the Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223256166.
That doesn't really matter. Can I have the postcode please?
The hospital postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need other information?
Nope that is it! Thank you.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


Please find a cheap restaurant that serves [Indian] food.
I have a few cheap ones listed but Ill give you my favorite, which is royal spice.
What are of town is that in? I really want to stay in the centre of town to be close to the attractions.
In that case I would recommend [kohinoor]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thank you that will be all
Is there anything else I can do? Perhaps find a great attraction for you to visit while you're in town?
On second thought, I need a reservation for 5 at [12:15] on Sunday and the reference number. Also information on a place called [Vue Cinema].
Your table has been reserved. Please be on time as they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reservation number is YFIORWEK . Vue Cinema is a cinema in the centre.
What is the post code for the cinema?
The postcode is cb11ps.
I need a cab to the restaurant by the booking time, contact # and car type so I don't get into someone else's car!
sure, where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
I'll need a car from the [Vue Cinema]. I wouldn't want to be late for my reservation.
I've got a car booked for you, a blue BMW. The contact number is 07103963955
Great that's all I needed today thanks.
Do you need anything else.
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for all your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Yes, I am trying to find a hotel by the name of [allenbell]. Can you help me?
I've located Allenbell Guesthouse. It's in the east at address 517a coldham lane postcode cb13js. The contact number is 01223210353. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.
Your booking is confirmed, 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the Allenbell. Booking reference is YLPAOS85 . Do you need anything else?
No, thank you. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Hello, can you help me find a museum?
Is there a certain area you're interested in? We have lots of museums in town.
Can you choose the one you like the best and tell me the postcode, phone number, and address?
I would suggest the broughton house gallery in the centre of town. Their address is 98 King Street, the post code cb11In, and the phone is 01223314960. It is free.
Thank you, that is all I need for today, goodbye.
Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great time. Goodbye.


I would like to find an expensive place to eat please.
We have 57 options available, do you have a preference on cuisine or location?
Yes, I would like some [Chinese] food, please.
There are 9 options. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
I am not familiar with Cherry Hinton Road. Is that in the Centre of town?
No, actually they are located in the south. Did you want me to check for what is available in the centre instead?
Yes please. I would like something in the expensive price range.
We have 4 expensive chinese restauarants in the city centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you, can you just give me the address and phone number for one of them?
My favorite is the [Ugly Duckling], located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. They don't seem to have a phone number, so would you like a different restaurant?
Yes please give me the post code and phone number for one of the restaurants that has them listed. I am also looking for a train.
The Ugly Duckling's phone number is not available but their postcode is cb21tw. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough after [8:30].
What is your destination?
I need to be in Cambridge on Saturday.
There are 31 trains available, what departure time would be best for you?
Any time after 08:30 would work.
There are 31 available trains, do you have a more specific time in mind to help narrow them down?
The first train that leaves after 8:30 would be nice.
Ok. That train is TR1616 which leaves at 08:48. Would you like for me to book your seats?
No, but if you could give me the price of a ticket?
It is 13.20 pounds.
Great. That's all the information I need now. Thanks!
You're welcome, goodbye!


I am looking for an east-based place to go in town.
How about [funky fun house]? It's in the east. cambridge museum of technology is also in the east.
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for those?
The Cambridge Museum of Tech. costs 5 pounds. There is no information on the admission price for Funky Fun House. Would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can I get the postcode for Funky Fun House, please?
Yes, of course. It is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Thank you very much!
So, is that all you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves [Tuscan] food. Do you know of any in the moderate price range?
no I am sorry I don't have anything but I'm sure I could find you something that is simply Italian.
I'm sorry. I'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves Tuscan food.
I apologize, but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result.
That okay. [Italian] does sound fine, actually. Could you find a moderately priced Italian restaurant instead?
I found [Prezzo] in the west part of town, would that work?
Yes, that works. Please book a table for 8 people at [19:00] on Wednesday. Can you do that?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Can we book the table for 8 people at [18:00] on Wednesday please?
Sure. No problem. Your reference number is 7U1BWJ5Q .
Thank you, that's all I need!
Thank you, goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.
There are two places that match those requirements, one in the north and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?
Sorry. There are no moderately-priced 0 star places in the south of town. Do you want to try some other criteria?
Could you try for the center part of town?
The [cityroomz] is a hotel in the centre part of town with a 0-rating in the moderate price range. Can I reserve a room for you there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 3UKMLIWO .
I am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please
What day would you like the train?
Sunday as well, please.
Sure, where will you be departing from, and do you have a departure or arrival time?
Yes, I need to leave Leicester after [11:00]. Heading to Cambridge for the day.
I would recommend TR8285. It leaves Leicester at 11:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:54.
Okay. Can you purchase tickets for me. There will 6 of us.
Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is SCKIYN5Q . You depart from Leicester at 11:09, arriving in Cambridge at 12:54. Would that be all for you today?
Yes. Thank you for your help.
It was a pleasure, thank you so much.


I really would like to try some [Indian] food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the East side
[curry prince] is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yeah. I'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at [13:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LDY1DUF0 .
I would also like to get a place to stay too.
There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
Same area as the restaurant, moderate price range, and it doesn't have to have free parking.
I found 3 that match that criteria. I would recommend the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] which is four stars. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 5 nights.
Okay. Can you tell me what day you'll be arriving?
I'd like reservations for Tuesday.
How many people will be staying?
2 people will be staying. Can you give me the reference number too?
The booking was successful, and your reference number is 0OGAX9RA .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Okay, you are welcome! Have a good stay!


I need a taxi to come to [cambridge museum of technology] by [3:45].
Of course, I just need to know your destination so I can book that for you.
I'm going to cambridge museum of tehcnology
What is the departure site?
I need to be picked up from [don pasquale pizzeria]. Please give me a contact number and vehicle type to expect as well.
Booking completed! Is there anything else I can do for you? Booked car type : red audi Contact number : 07411902572
thanks that's all for today .
I need a taxi to take me from Don Pasquale pizzeria to Cambridge museum of technology at 03:45.
I'm sorry my taxi has already been booked. Thank you for your help.
There will be a red audi at don pasquale pizzera to take you to the cambridge museum at 03:45. Contact number: 07411902572


Hello, I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant on the East side. Thank you!
I show one called the PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON that serves Italian style food and is located on the east side in the Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Is this restaurant in the moderate price range?
It is listed in the moderate range. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes book a table for 8 on sunday at [19:30] please.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a table at that restaurant. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
No I will call back thank you.
Let me know what else you need .
Can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me?
I was able to book rajmahal, reference number is KSFSKIC1
I did not say to book [rajmahal]. What type of food does it serve?
They serve Indian food.
If there are not any Italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced, Rajmahal will be fine.
Your reservation is made. The number is KSFSKIC1 .
Thank you for your help. Bye.
The address and phone for the Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg, 01223244955. Enjoy our city.
I hope to. Goodbye.
Have a nice day then!


I would like a [barbeque] restaurant.
Where would you like to search for a restaurant, and what price range would you prefer?
I do not care about the price range or location.
There are no restaurants serving barbeque.
Do you have an address, phone number and postcode for a [North American] food restaurant?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is at Regent Street City Centre, post code C.B 2, 1 A.B. The phone number is 01223 312598.
Thank you good bye.
Thank you.


Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be departing from [bangkok city].
When would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave but I need to arrive by [15:15].
Great. And your destination please?
The taxi should take me to [hotel du vin and bistro].
Your booking is complete, a white ford will be arriving to pick you up.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please.
The vehicle is a white Ford and the contact number is 07362646740.
That's everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could book you. Goodbye.


i i'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to stevenage.
What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on thursday after [16:30]. Can you provide me with the train ID?
The first train available is the TR4765 at 17:21. Shall I book you a seat?
No thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4.
You have three options: The Cambridge Belfry, which is inexpensive, the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, both in the west, or University Arms, an expensive hotel in the centre.
do any of them have free wifi ?
All three of them offer both free parking and free wifi. Did you prefer the west or centre?
I really don't care you choose
I recommend the [University Arms Hotel], on Regent Street in the city centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could I have the area and postcode.
As I said, University Arms Hotel is in the centre. It's postcode is cb21ad. Would you like a room?
No thanks. I do need the area and address of [Ballare] please, minus the attitude.
My apologies. The Ballare is at heidelberg garders, lion yard cb23na. Their phone number is 01223364222
That should be all I need. Thank you for your help.
We hope you have a pleasant stay!


Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?
We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.
That narrowed it to eight choices. How about [Home from Home]? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.
I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday. The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ . Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train to norwich. I need to arrive by [8:15].
There are many options available. Do you know what day you will be leaving and what time you want to leave?
I'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when I leave, just need to arrive by 08:15.
There is a train that leaves at 5:36.
What time does it arrive?
There are 2 one arrives at 06:55 and the other is 07:55.
Can you please book that for 3 people, thank you in advance.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station.
Wow, that was quick, you helped me a lot, thank you.
May I assist you with anything else?
May I have the reference number for the train and the train ID, please? I'm not sure which one I was booked on.
The train ID is TR9179 and the reference number is BGZHM2Z2 . Is there anything else I can help with?


I am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a [chinese] restaurant.
Do you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter but it needs to be in the centre.
There are 10 chinese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by price or would you like me to suggest one?
Suggest one and I need a reservation for 7 people at [17:00] on Friday and the reference number. I also would like information on [Cambridge and County Folk Museum].
Alright, I have your booking. Your reference number is: E44GIS9D . I hope you like [Charlie Chan's]! The C&C folk museum is on the westside, address 2-3 castle street.
That is everything that I need, thanks for your help.
Thank you for using our service!


I am injured and need a nearby hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ the telephone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you so much.
Okay, I hope you feel better soon!


Yes im looking to book a taxi from Cambride [TownInfo Centre] to a fancy restraunt rated 5 Stars!
Could you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I'm sorry, I am actually looking for the postcode of [King's College]. Could you provide that for me?
Absolutely - King's College is located on King's Parade, postcode cb21st. Will you be needing anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.
Certainly, would you like a specific area of town? Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on location but I would like a hotel. I would also like moderate pricing.
Unfortunately we don't have any moderate priced hotel type hotels. Would you prefer a different type or price range.
How about an expensive one?
there are 2 expensive hotels available
Book one of them for two people, five nights, starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but neither are available on those days. Would you like to try a different starting day or number of nights?
We could shorten the stay to just four nights, I guess.
Okay, you are booked at the [Huntington] for 4 nights. Your reference number is WZRJ2C6L .
Ok, can you get me a taxi?
Absolutely. Where would you want to depart from and go to?
I would like it to take me between my hotel and the college.
What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by [14:15].
I have confirmed your taxi, a white bmw will pick you up.
Could you provide the contact number please?
Yes your contact number is 07585258044. Will there be anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a place to stay in the north with a 4 star rating please.
I have 8 guesthouses in the north. Would you like some information on the [Archway House]? It has free parking and internet.
Is it in the cheap price range?
No, it's moderately priced would you like another hotel?
What hotels have free parking?
I have the archway house that offers free parking. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you, could I have the address with postcode and phone number?
The address is 52 gilbert road cb43pe, phone number 01223575314. Is there anything else you need today?
I would like to find a boat in the north of town as well.
There is the [Riverboat Georgina] in the north. Would you like the information for it?
Can you just give me the entrance fee amount and the address?
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The entrance fee is unlisted. Anything else today?
There is no entrance fee?
The entrance fee is not available. It is absent from my database.
Okay, thank you so much! I don't need anything else then, goodbye!
Thank you so much for using our services. Goodbye.


Hi I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that includes free wifi.
You can find [a and b guest house] on 124 tension road for a moderate price and it includes wifi.
Is that hotel in the North?
That guesthouse actually is not located in the north. However, I can offer you ten different guesthouses all that have free internet access.
I am interested in a guesthouse in the north that includes free wifi please.
We have 10 guesthouses that meet your needs. Which price range do you prefer?
How about moderately priced?
The [Acorn Guesthouse] is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north, and it includes free WiFi. Would you like to book it?
Sure. I'm traveling alone this time. Book me for 2 nights, beginning Wednesday.
I was able to book the room for you. The reference number is 3UQIM80C . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I need to grab a train ticket to Stevenage on Friday, also.
That won't be any trouble. What time do you intend to travel, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to leave sometime after [14:45] from Cambridge.
TR8135 departs Cambridge for Stevenage on Friday at 15:21.
That sounds perfect. Can I get the price for the tickets?
The ticket price for the departure at 15:21 is 12.80 pounds. How else may I assist you?
That will be all. Thank you!
Alright, hope your train ride goes smooth!


Hi, I'm looking for any information that you have on the [Lensfield hotel] in Cambridge.
The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the south of town, with internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Can you also give me the phone number?
Sure, the phone number is 01223355017. How many days will you be staying, what day do you need to arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. What train can I take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at [19:30]?
I only have trains that leave at 20:24 and later on a Friday from Stansted airport. Will this time and day work for you?
I'm actually looking for something on Saturday. Are there any trains on Saturday that leave at 19:30?
Unfortunately, no trains leave at that time
Is there another day you would like me to check?
There are only 4 trains that leave on Saturday
I just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 5 people
Unfortunately there are no trains that leave at this time.
What are the other 4 times of departure for Saturday. I'll need bookings for 5 people and a reference number.
Alright, I booked 5 tickets for Saturday train your reference number is 1R61PO9r . You can pay for your tickets at the station. Is there anything else?
Nope that should be it thanks.
Glad to be of service. Have a wonderful day!


Hi! What can you tell me about the [Lensfield Hotel]?
Lensfield is an expensive hotel in the south.
Ok great, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 nights and there are 6 in my party.
Yes. what day will you be arriving?
I would like to book starting Thursday.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. I'm ready to write it down.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q1LRYM78 . anything else?
Yes, I was also hoping to find a museum to visit while I'm in town.
There is The Byard Art museum and its free admission


Is there any expensive restaurants in town serving [Australian] food?
I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants. Would you like another type of food?
How about [asian oriental] food?
[Kymmoy] is an expensive asian oriental restraunt in town.
What is the phone number and area?
Kymmoy is in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223 311911. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I have all I need. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Thanks for your call! Goodbye.


I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.
Sure, there are lots of places to go in the centre area. Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
No. What would you recommend?
Ballare nightclub is a lot of fun. They're at 1 Station Road, and it's 5 GBP to get in. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please give me their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223364222.
I also need a train to Cambridge that leaves after [19:00].
You have many options. Where would you be departing from, and what day would you need this for?
Well, I'm in Peterborough and I need to get to Cambridge on Tuesday.
The first train that leaves after 19:00 leaves at 19:19 and should arrive by 20:09 on Tuesday. This would cost 16.50 pounds.
Could you also give me the train ID for that?
The train id is TR2636 and it leaves at 19:19.
Great thank you! That will be all I need.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after [15:45] on a Monday? Thanks.
I sure can. Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and heading for Bishops Stortford.
TR2530 leaves at 17:29, should i book it for you?
How much is a ticket and how long is the train ride?
The ticket costs 10.10 pounds and the ride takes 38 minutes. Do you want me to book the train for you?
What time does the train arrive in Bishops Stortford? I also am looking for a place to stay that is 3 stars and in the moderate range.
The train would arrive at 18:07. Do you have a preferred area for the hotel to be located in?
No, but I would like a guest house with free parking.
We have many guesthouses, is there an area you'd prefer?
I am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 3-star rating.
The bridge guest house matches that criteria and is located in the south.
Alright, can I get the phone number?
The phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, you've been very helpful.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.


So this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?
I don't have any 0 star hotels with parking available but I do have a couple of guesthouses available. Do you have a location preference?
No, but I would like place in the moderate price range.
Well, I have the Archway House that would fit your needs. It's located in the North at 52 Gilbert Rd. Can I book this for you?
What about a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking?
Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels with free parking. Could I interest you in either a 2 star moderately priced hotel, or 4 star guest house?
I think I'll go with my original 0 star. [Archway House] sounds fine. Can you reserve 3 nights arriving on Thursday for 3 people please?
I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is J7NF1FG6 .
ok I need a place to eat that serves [portuguese] food
[Nandos] serves Portuguese food. There's one in South Cambridge and one in the central area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the south charges.
The one in the south is considered cheap
Ok great. Thanks for the help.
I can make a reservation for Nandos in the south. How many in your party, what day and what time do you want?
Thanks, but I don't need a reservation. Can you tell me their price range please?
it is in cheap price range
Okay, great. I'll go there.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's all I need today.
Have a great day


I am looking for a train leaving on wednesday arriving by [16:00].
Okay. What is your destination?
I am going to be leaving from London Liverpool Street and travelling to Cambridge.
Sure, I can help with that. How close to 16:00 would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter. Just tell me when it departs so I can be there on time.
The best option for you is the train arriving at 15:07 and leaving at 13:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. Could you give me the train ID, though?
The train ID is TR2826. Is there any other thing i can help you with?
I need a moderately priced guesthouse.
how about [a and b guest house]? it looks lovely
Sure can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting friday?
Your booking has been made for 7 people for 5 nights starting Friday at the A & B guesthouse. Your reference number is ANHVMHU1 .
great thanks that's all i need
Ok great. Have a wonderful day.


Hey, I'm looking for a cheap place to dine with [indian] cuisine preferably!
How about [Royal Spice]? That's in the north part of town.
Sure, I'd like to try it, can you help me book a table for 4 people?
I can. What day and time will you be dining? Also, how many people will be in your party?
4 people at [17:45] on Monday. By the way, I need a hotel too, is that something you can help me out with?
i have reserved. Reference number is : TJ5MU21H .
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find somewhere to stay?
I can definitely help you with that! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Please find me a htel in a moderate price range, no need for internet. The area doesn't matter.
I have many options available in the moderate price range. Are looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.
I have three to choose from. Two in the north and one in the center all moderately priced. Any preference?
How about the center. book it for 3 nights from Monday for 4 people.
There is a moderately priced place named [CityRoomz] in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you that will be all
Ok thanks and enjoy your stay.
Actually I changed my mind. I do want to book the hotel.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : I1LK8VES .
Thank you very much.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I've been robbed! I need to get in touch with the police right away!
Call 01223358966.
What is the postcode of the police station?
The postcode is CB11JG. Can I help with anything else?
Can you give me their address too?
The address for the Parkside Police Station is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Okay, I hope your day improves. Good luck!


I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.
I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet. Does it have free parking?
Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side
I would then recommend the [acorn guest house], a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.
How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?
Where do you want to travel to and from?


I really would like to try a [japanese] restaurant while in Cambridge.
Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant on 36 Saint Andres Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'd like to treat myself. Is this in the expensive range?
It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, if this restaurant is in the Centre. I also need the postcode and phone number please.
Of course. The phone is 01223462354 and the post code is cb23ar. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need a hotel in the cheap price range.
I have located 2 hotel options, [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] and El Shaddai, both have internet and parking available. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes I would like a room for 3 nights please.
Sure, when would you like to stay?
The hotel I need should be in the same area as the restaurant and include free wifi.
It is in the same area, and does have wifi. When would you like your stay to begin?
I would like my stay to begin on Tuesday.
I apologize, but the hotel isn't available for that amount of time. Please book another day or a shorter stay.
Can you try to book the hotel for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights?
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Is there an alternative date you would like to try?
All right, can you try for just 1 night instead?
I was able to book a stay for 1 night, Tuesday at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Your Reference number is : IUP56OAY . Can I help ypu with anything else?
That's all I need thanks.
Have a great day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
For now I'd like to hear about places to go in the centre of town. Where all the action happens!
There are many places. What do you like to do ?
where i can go using a train The train should arrive by 15:00 and should depart from ely
First let's take a look at what we can find for attractions for you. Do you like architecture?
Architecture will be fine thanks
I'd recommend all saints church, then. Would you like more information?
Yes can I get the address please?
Sure thing here is the address jesus lane.
Here I think we got confused. Lets start over. Please give me a recommendation of a place to go in the town centre. Please include the postcode.
The centre of town is known for its architecture which is seen by visiting churches and an old school. All saints church is popular and has the postcode cb58bs.
Thank you! I also need a train please!
I can help with that. What are your arrival and departure stations?
I am departing from Ely to arrive at Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on thursday please.
There are 10 trains travelling from ely to cambridge on Thursday, to help narrow it down what time would you like to arrive/depart?
I'll need to arrive by [15:00]
Okay, that narrows it down to 5 trains. TR4992 arrives closest to 15:00. It will get you to Cambridge at 13:52. Would you like me to book a seat?
No thanks can I just have the travel time and the cost of the ticket?
The ticket price is 4.40 pounds. The duration of the trip is 17 minutes. Can I further assist you, today?
No. That's all. Thank you so much! Goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
I found several that fit your request! What type of food would you like?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number? Thanks!
Sure, how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you not at this time.
The phone number is 01223363471 if you need it. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope you gave me everything I wanted to know. Thanks bye!
Okay. Glad to have helped!


Hello, I am looking for a [Scottish] restaurant on the west side of town.
I can help you with that. It looks like there aren't any restaurants like that in my database. Can I help you find a different restaurant?
Is there a restaurant that serves [Indian] food in the west part of town?
I found several Indian restaurants in the west part of town. Were you looking for an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
Expensive
I found several in the expensive price range in the west part of town, can I help you with anything else?
Can you please give me that phone number?
[Cocum] is the first expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town on the database. The phone number for cocum is 01223 366668.
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve indian food .
Can you please give me the address?
Cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all I need. Goodbye!
Thank you. Good day!


Hello, I am looking for information regarding [magdalene college].
Sure, the address is magdalene street. The entrance is free, it's in the west area, and the phone number is 01223332138
Thank you so much
Your Welcome have a great day.
Could you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something that's moderately priced that serves [Indian] food.
You have four choices: Curry Prince or Rajmahal in the east, the nirala in the north, or maghna in the west. Do any of these sound good to you?
Either [Curry Prince] or [Rajmahal] will do since they are located in the east.
How about Rajmahal, then? They're located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58rg. The phone number is 01223244955. Would you like me to make a reservation today?
Yes, that would be great. [Rajmahal] it is.
Sure. When would you like the reservation for and how many will be in your party?
Actually, a reservation won't be necessary right now. that's all I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for something serving [christmas] food.
There are no restaurants serving Christmas food.
How about a moderately priced [chinese] restaurant?
Yes, there is one called [golden wok] in the north part of town. do you want this one?
Ok, what's the phone number?
golden wok's number is 01223 350688
Is there anything else?
That's all, enjoy your meal.
Thanks! You too!
Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [British] cuisine.
We have six. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No preferred area but I need to know if I can book a table for Saturday.
What time on Saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for?
There will be 3 of us at [14:15].
I was able to book a table at the [grafton hotel] they also serve british. Your reference number is 1ULFDV2T .
Thank you so much!
Enjoy the rest of you day


I need a [vegetarian] restaurant
What area would you like?
East part of town.
I'm sorry, there are no vegetarian restaurants in the east part of town.
Is there an [indian] restaurant in the east part of town?
Yes, there are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town. What price range would you like?


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi.
Ok. Were you hoping for a particular price range or part of town?
I don't care about the part of town or the price range, but it needs to be a three star hotel.
The Hamilton Lodge would be perfect! It is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the north side of town. Does that sound okay to you?
Does the The [Hamilton Lodge] have both free wifi and free parking?
Yes, it does. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Hamilton Lodge.
What night would you like me to book for you, and for how many people?
Wednesday, 6 people, for five nights, please.
I am sorry, the Hamilton is already booked. Would you be interested in the [Bridge Guest House] instead? It is the same as the Hamilton but is in the Southern area.
Yes, that will be fine.
Okay. I was ablt to book you into there and your reference number is O4BPEOXQ .
Great. Thanks so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
There are many moderately priced restaurants that meet your criteria, what type of food are you looking for?
I would like it to serve food from [the americas].
Unfortunately I could not find any restaurants serving food from the Americas in the moderate price range.
How about [european] food?
There are 2. Did you want me to book one of them?
What are the names?
'Hotel du vin and bistro' and 'galleria'
I would like to book a table for three on Friday, at 16:00.
Certainly, can I book your table at hotel du vin and bistro or would you prefer a table at galleria?
I need to book a table for 3 people at [16:00] on friday at [galleria]
Your table has been booked and is reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is M32YYIJN . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel called [hamilton lodge].
I have the information pulled up. What would you like to know about it?
Do they offer free parking? And can I get the phone number for them please.
Yes, there is free parking at [Hamilton Lodge]. The phone number is 01223365664.
Is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by [16:00]?
i have booked you a taxi, red tesla, phone number is 718 850 4433.
Thank you that's all that I needed
Thank you have a great day.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 4.
how about [huntingdon marriott hotel]? i hear it's lovely.
Is that a guesthouse?
No it is a hotel, would you like a reservation?
No, I really need a guesthouse. How about if we search for a cheap one instead?
Nothing is available, should I try a search for less than 4 stars?
look for a cheap one.
There are 7 in that price range is there an area you prefer?
No can you recommend one and book for wednesday?
I've booked [Rosa's bed and breakfast] for 1 night, it's cheap located at 53 roseford road, 4 stars with internet and parking. Reference number HJP6P9IK . Will you need anything else today?
Yes please, I need the address and phone number for sidney sussex college please.
Yes their address is Saint Johns Street and their telephone number is 01223338800.
That is all I need to know. Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
As mentioned before I am all set, have a great day and goodbye.
Thank you good bye.


Is there a hospital close by?
Hello, thank you for calling. Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Road in Cambridge. Are you looking for a particular type of doctor?
I need the address, postcode and phone number for Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hosptial phone number is 01223245151. They are located on Hills Rd, Cambridge, post code CB20QQ.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi- I need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the north end of Cambridge
Okay. We've got eleven matches for that description. Do you have a star rating you'd like to stay within?
No, I don't care about that really. I'd like an expensive place though.
I'm not showing any that are listed as expensive. There are several moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses. Would that fit your needs?
Yes, I guess I can live with that.
How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It's a 4 star hotel with internet and parking.
Ok and what is their phone number?
The phone number is 0122335388. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? Do you have anything with boats near the hotel?
There is one. [riverboat georgina]. 01223902091 is their phone number. Is there anything else?
Yeah I need their address as well.
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the [riverboat].
When do you want to leave?
I need to leave the hotel by [08:00].
I have booked your taxi look for a red toyota with a contact number of 07669245268.
Thank you so much for all your help!
You are welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge which is pretty cheap in terms of prices.
We have many places that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you would like to eat?
cheap food is preferred, but i'm not picky.
There are 15 places to choose from, what kind of food are you looking for in particular?
I don't really care which type of food. You can just pick one and book for 5 people at [12:30] on thursday.
I have booked a table for [Dojo Noodle Bar] for 5 people, reference number 14M7PHJH . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 12:30.
I am also looking for the [Cambridge Belfry].
The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel in the west. It is relatively cheap, has 4-stars and offers free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes. For the same group of people for 3 nights starting on the same day
I have successfully booked a room for you at the Cambridge Belfry for 3 nights starting from Thursday for 3 people. Your reference number is MGOPZNPJ ..Would that be all for you?
Yes that's all. Thank you very much.
You are very welcome. Thank you for for calling the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I need information on the hotel [Limehouse] please.
Limehouse is a guesthouse on the north side of town. It has a moderate price range and is 4 stars. Would you like to book at this guesthouse?
Could you please tell me if free parking and internet is available at the Limehouse?
Yes, limehouse has both internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes but I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [British] food in the area.
It appears the screen is locked. Give me a moment. Let me see.
Once you find a restaurant, I want to book a table for 5 people at [13:00] on tuesday. Please don't forget my reference number.
I will book the Limehouse for you.
Thanks can I please have the reference number?
I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some errors. Can you please restate your request?
Sure,I am looking for a restaurant serving british food in the expensive price range.
How about the [Travellers Rest], in West Cambridge?
That sounds perfect. Could you book me a table for 5 at 1300 on tuesday.
I certainly can! Your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is 8VQLVP78 .
Great! Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with? Can I recommend a nearby attraction?
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That will be all.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


Hello! I am about to go to Cambridge and I would like some information about local restaurants. I also need to see if I can book a train to Cambridge that gets there before [15:45].
We have many options for restaurants. What food type are you interested in eating today?
I would like [Italian] please.
What area of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter the part of town.
help me narrow down the choices by giving me the price range
Actually, let's look for the train first, please. I'll be traveling from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Tuesday and I'd like to arrive by 15:45.
The TR3456 from London Kings Cross on Tuesday departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Shall I book that for you?
I don't need to book just yet. But could you help me located a [New Zealand] restaurant?
Unfortunately, we no longer have any new zealand restaurants in the city. Can I search for something else for you?
I's sorry, but could you give me the actual train travel time between the two cities? I'm not good at math.
It takes 51minutes.
Thanks, could you also recommend could you help you help me find a place with [japanese] food?
[Wagamama] is an expensive Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay please book a table for five people on tuesday at [18:00] and give me the reference number
I am unable to book it at this time.
Is there another Japanese restaurant in the center of town?
There are no other Japenese Restaurants in that area.
Could you try to book that again for 5 people at [18:00] on Tuesday?
Great news, the booking system is back up and I made your reservation! The Ref. # is ETUL1R4O . Anything else I can do?
Thank you very much. That is all for today.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I would like to find places to go to in the centre of town.
Sure, what type of place are you interested in?
What would you recommend? I just need to stay in the centre and will need to call them later to ask some questions.
There are about 44 attraction in the center but if i may know what interests you i can recommend one to you.
Whatever is most popular, this is my first time to cambridge and I have no idea.
There is a great concert hall in the centre called Man on the Moon. It's one of the best for visitors. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for the information. Do you happen to have the postcode and phone number for [the Man on the Moon]?
Their postcode is cb12lf and their phone is 01223474144. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Wednesday. Can you help with that?
There are many options available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after [21:45], if possible. I won't need to book. I'll just need the arrival time, please?
Sure, the TR8574 leaves at 22:06 and arrives at 22:56.
thanks for serving me!
YEah, anytime. It was my pleasure.
thank you once again
I'm sorry about that, I forgot to hang up. Good bye.


I am looking for a place for a restaurant called [anatolia]. Can you help me?
Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the city centre.
Thank you. What is the post code?
The post code is cb21uj. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help finding a train leaving Kings Cross after [15:45].
Okay what day would you like to leave?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.
I found 4 trains departing Kings Cross, heading to Cambridge after 15:45 on Sunday. What time would you like to depart?
I have no preference. I just need to book one of those for 4 people.
OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR2952, reference #J5O3AMV7 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all. Thank you
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.


I am looking for places to go in town, preferably something with boats.
There are 4 boat attractions. What area of town would you like?
Not sure what area, but could you pick one for me and tell me the address and phone number?
Sure, Camboats is always a good bet. Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge going to Norwich on Friday.
There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Friday. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on Friday and arrive by [20:30].
Alright, you have plenty of options. The first train available leaves at 5:36, and they run every hour until 18:36. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes, I would like to book the one that arrives closest to 20:30. I will need tickets for 6 people.
Booked! TR4093 is your train, reference number is 08QY408D . 105.6 is the total fee. It leaves at 18:36 and arrives at 19:55.
I have everything I need.
Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you, you too.
Have a good day.


I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
There are three hotel types available. Do you want a specific area or price range?
I am looking for a hotel near the city center moderately priced.
There aren't any that match your criteria in the centre. Any other suggestions?
I would like a hotel in the north please.
Sure, we have 2 hotels in the north, ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Would you like to book one?
Which one has nights available from Thursday to Tuesday?
I'm not sure. I will need to attempt a booking to give you that information. Which would you like to book?
Please book the [Ashley hotel] for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday
You're all set! Your reference number is JUZ789Y1 . How else may I help you?
Thank you! I also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross. I need to depart after [16:00].
There are 28 trains meeting that criteria. What day are you wanting to leave?
I need a train for 1 from Cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to London Kings Cross. Can you find any trains for that time and send me a reference number?
Is there a specific day that you want to travel? What time do you want to arrive by?
Tuesday and I would like to leave after 16:00.
There's a train on Friday leaving at 17:00. Should I book it?
Yes, please. Just the one ticket.
Your booking is successful. The total fee is 23.6 GBP and your booking reference number is DOS0ARZU .
Looks like you are all set. Goodbye!
Thank you. Please do not hestitate to call if require further assistance.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town
There are two cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Would you prefer italian or indian?
I don't care.
I suggest [Da Vinci Pizzeria]. They serve great Italian food. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like any additional information?
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for your call today! Bye bye.


I would like to know what parks are in the west part of Cambridge.
Sorry, there are no parks in the west part of cambridge.
What about colleges?
There are 5 colleges in the west. Clare and Queens' both charge entrance fees. Churchill, Clare, and Magdalene are free.
How much do Clare and Queens' charge? Can I have their phone number and postcode?
Clare College is 2.50 pounds, phone number 01223333200, postcode cb21tl. Queens' college cost the same, phone 01223335511, postcode cb39et. Which do you prefer?
Great thank you I also am looking for a train departing cambridge on saturday
There are many trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Birmingham New Street and need to arrive by [16:45].
TR4975 matches your criteria and departs at 05:01. Is that acceptable?
Yes. Please book that for 1 person and give me the reference number.
I have booked 1 ticket for TR4975. The reference number is K88O0GEZ . It leaves Cambridge at 05:01.
Okay great. That is all I needed.
Okay. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your travel.
Thanks very much for all of the help. Have a great day!
You as well, come back any time you need future assistance.


I need a place to stay in the east part of town
Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range?
Cheap please, and it doesn't need free parking.
The allenbell, autumn house and leverton house fit your needs. Do you have a preference? I'd be happy to book a reservation.
No thank you I just need the information for the hotel please.
The allenbell located 517a coldham lane, autumn house located 710 newmarket road and leverton house located 732-734 newmarket road. May i help you with anything else.
I will need a reservation afterall. Could you book it for 2 people starting Friday for 2 nights?
Sure, do you want me to book the allenbell then?
The [Autumn House], please.
No matching records found would you like to try another ?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at [15:30] on the same day.
I can definitely help you book a restaurant. In what area do you prefer?
The same one as the hotel please.
I have found the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] that meets your requirements. Would you like your reservations made for there?
Yes I need a table for 2 Friday at 15:30.
Your table is booked, ref# LMTYIDSX . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You covered everything, thank you.
Thank you and have a great time in our great city!


I have the name of a restaurant that I need some help finding, whenever you're ready.
I'm ready.
It is the Seasame [Restaurant and Bar].
I'm sorry but I was unable to find the restaurant you requested. Is there a type of food you were thinking about having?
I misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at [17:00] on monday if available?
Gladly. I have a table reserved for you at the Sesame Restaurant and bar for Monday at 17:00. Your reference is 5OEIV10L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'll also need a train to Cambridge.
Where would you like to go?
To Cambridge, on Monday. I will be leaving Birmingham new street.
okay the first train leaves the station at 5:40 the last 09:40
I need to arrive by [14:15].
TR3387 arrives in cambridge by 13:23. Price is 75.10 pounds. Will that work for you? Would you like me to books seats?
I don't need you to book that, but I will need to know the departure time, please.
The TR3387 leaves at 10:40.
Great, thanks so much for your help. That's all I need today.
Ok! Have a great day!


Hi, I will be in Cambridge soon and need a place to stay that has free parking.
I have 29 results for places to stay with free parking, what area are you looking to stay in?
I am not particular about the area but it should be a hotel and 0 stars please.
Unfortunately, I do not have any matches for your request.
How about a guesthouse with free parking and 0 stars?
There are 2 options for guesthouses with 0 stars and free parking, the City Centre North B and B, and the El Shaddai
I'd like to book [El Shaddai], 3 people for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday.
Unfortunately, the hotel was unable to accommodate that stay. We can try fewer days, or beginning on a different day, if you like.
Let`s try the beginning of a different day than.
Sorry, I'm afraid a different day wouldn't work, either. Perhaps you'd like a shorter stay?
How about 3 nights, then?
I was able to book your party for a 3 day stay starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is TJ4K62L2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after [9:15] on Tuesday from Kings lynn to Cambridge.
There are 14 options. When would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter. I just need to leave Kings Lynn after 9:15.
TR1704 will have you there by 10:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much will that cost me. I am on a budget.
9.80 pounds. I can book that for you, if you like.
Thank you but I will book it myself. This is all I needed, you were great thanks again!!
You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need a taxi to take me to the [lensfield hotel].
What is your departure site, and what time do you need the taxi?
I will be departing from [Tang Chinese].
Great. And do you have a departure or arrival time?
I want to leave after [05:00] please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow ford Contact number : 07421738274
Thanks for your help. Have a great day.
Happy to be of service. Have a great day!


I'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the west side of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I'm really in the mood for [Jamaican] food.
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants matching your criteria.
How about some [indian] food?
Okay now I have many options would you like a reservation at one of them?
I would. Can you book me a table for 1 on Tuesday at [11:45]?
I'm sorry, all 5 restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time. Would you like me to try a different time slot?
Yes, can you try [10:45]?
I was able to book you a table at [Rice Boat] on Tuesday at 10:45. The reference number is YTG3EOGF .
Thank you, that's all I need.
Great! Enjoy your meal! Goodbye!


Am robbed and looking for help
You need to go to the police station at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks, I need the phone number too please.
The phone number is 01223358966.


I need to book a taxi.
I can help with that! Where do you need to be picked up, where are you headed, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at the [Holy Trinity Church], and arrive at [Cocum] by [3:15].
A grey ford is booked. Contact number 07091291573
Thanks for everything, that is all I need.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You too! Thanks again, goodbye!
You're very welcome. Good Bye.


I need to find a place to stay with four stars in a moderate price range.
I have 11 different options available. Did you have an area in mind for your stay?
No but I'd like it to include free wifi and be in some kind of guesthouse.
There are 11 hotels that match your search. Would the [acorn guest house] in the north work for you?
Possibly. I'd like their address, and to know if they have free parking.
They do offer free parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road.
Great! Also, I need to take a train from ely on Sunday.
OK, and what time will you be traveling?
I need to arrive in cambridge by [20:00] please.
Alright, I have eight trains of that type. They leave 35 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 5:35 and running until 19:35. Would you like to book?
Can you give me information on the one arriving in Cambridge closest to 20:00. I just need the train ID and price. Thanks
The closest arrival time is 19:52, the trainID is TR4883 and the cost is 3.52 pounds.
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That is all for today.
I'm happy to have assisted you! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Hi I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after [17:15].
What is your destination?
I will be going to bishops stortford.
I would recommend TR1567 which leaves Cambridge at 17:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 18:07.
No, can you find another one please?
The next one after that departs two hours later. Would you like to reserve a seat on either train?
Yes, either train would be fine.
I have booked your seat on the TR1567. Total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number isCWX49ENL
Thank you. Could you also recommend a college in the Centre to visit and provide the post code?
[Christ's College] would be great, their postcode is cb23bu. Is that all you need?
thank you that will be all good bye
Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.
Alright, there are thirty-three possible restaurants for you to dine at, should I make you reservations at one of them?
Are there any with [north american] food?
Yes, there is the [Gourmet Burger kitchen], address Regent Street City Centre, postalcode cb21ab. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please book a party of 4 at [11:30] Tuesday. Please include a reference number.
I've went ahead and booked that. The reference number is PDIWVU9D .
I'm also looking for a train. The train should arrive by [08:00] and should depart from peterborough.
Great, I can book that for you. What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Tuesday, as well.
There are four trains that depart peterborough and arrive in cambridge by 08:00. Would you like me to book one for you?
yes, and could you provide the travel time and the train ID please?
I have booked your train ticket for the 5:19 from Peterborough to Cambridge. The train ID is TR5042 and the ride will last 50 minutes. You should arrive by 06:09
Wonderful, thanks. That is everything I needed.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for an attraction named [Club Salsa].
Club Salsa is a nightclub located in the city centre. Is there any other information I can provide?
Yes. Can you give me the postcode for Club Salsa?
The post code for Club Salsa is cb12jb. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a train from Cambridge going to the Stansted Airport.
Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday after [10:00], please.
TR2762 leaves at 10:40 and arrives at 11:08. Would you like to book that one?
yes and i need the reference number
How many tickets do you need to purchase?
I will need 4 tickets. Please send me the reference number too.
Alright, your reference number is: FLYM23D4, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help! Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves [indian] food.
I show many restaurants that serve Indian food in that price range. What area would you like to travel to?
I am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of centre.
Might I recommend [Saffron Brasserie]? That is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town. I can book a table for you, if you like.
Sure thing, please book for 6 people at [19:30] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : RF00JUFQ .
Okay great! Thank you so much. Could you also help me find a 3 star hotel in the area. I don't need wifi either.
The [alpha-milton guest house] is in the north and is moderately priced. It has 3 stars and no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds great. Please book that now.
May I ask how many people are in your group?
I have 6 people in my group.
How many days would you like to stay?
2 nights, starting the same day as the reservation.
I'm sorry. It looks like they're full. Would you like me to look for something else?
Yes please. Is there something else available in that area?
I'm sorry, it looks like that is the only 3 star hotel in that area, would you like me to look somewhere else?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 2? I'll need the reference number please.
I was able to get one night, the reference number is 9XVT8M5T .
Thank you so much!
I'm glad to help, you're welcome!


Hi, I'm looking for a theatre in town.
I have several theatres in town; most are in the center and there's one on the south side. Do you have a preference?
Not particularly. Which do you recommend? If you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.
There is a nice theatre in the centre called Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. There are no entrance fee's listed. Would you like the phone number?
That's all, I also need some info on the [aylesbray lodge guest house].
What would you like to know?
I just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Can I book it for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about trying the booking for 2 nights instead?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is VEKFOWW6 . May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the [Mumford Theatre].
Certainly. When do you want to leave by? Thanks.
I want to leave the hotel by [23:45], please. I will need the contact number and car type as well.
Look for a red skoda at 23:45. Contact number is 07203451236
Thank you. That's all I needed today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Enjoy your trip!


I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What type of cuisine would you prefer?
i dont care.
The chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
Are there any others?
Yes, there is [frankie and bennys], italian restaurant in the expensive price range and in south. Do you want the address?
I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number for frankie and bennys is 01223 412430 and postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Nope, that'll do it. Thank you very much!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I am looking for a [museum] to visit? I'm pretty excited to be coming in a few weeks.
we have several including the museum of technology. would you like to purchase tickets?
What area of town is that in?
[cambridge museum of technology] is in the east side of town.
Great! Can I get the address and phone number?
Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, cb58ld. Their phone number is 01223368650. Will that be all for today?
I'm also looking for a cheap guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.
Is there a certain area you prefer?
Let's stick with the east
[Allenbell] is cheap and 4 stars with internet and parking located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Phone number is 01223210353. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.
You are booked, the reference number is X3YRQRDQ, can I assist with anything else?
Thank you, that is all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the service today.


Can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?
Sure! Are you looking for any particular type of food such as African, British, Chinese, etc?
No type of food but I'd like it to be in the moderate range please
Great, I have [Yippee Noodle Bar] that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. There are five of us for Monday at [19:45], please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SOPGGCUP .
thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!
Great TownInfo service. Goodbye.
You're more than welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[The missing sock] is located in the east part of town and in the cheap price range.
could i have the phone number and address please?
The phone number is 01223 812660 and the address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
Thank you, goodbye
Glad to help. Goodbye.


I'm traveling to cambridge and I was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by [13:30].
Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Stevenage
There is a train departing Stevenage on Tuesday that arrives in Cambridge by 12:43. Would you like me to book that for you?
When is the departure time?
It leaves at 11:54. Is there anything else?
Yes, Can you book that for me and send me a reference number?
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I need to find a [French] restaurant.
There are two. Restaurant Two Two and Cote. Would you like me to book either of those for you?
Please book [Cote] for me.
What day would you like to go and at what time? How many people will be in your party?
Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I want a french restaurant but it must be in the moderate price range. Do either of those options match?
They are both in the expensive price range. Would you like to find another?
Yes, search for [asian oriental] food instead then please.
How about Yippee Noodle bar, it's the only one that is moderately priced.
What's their address?
Yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre in the centre area. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am actually all set now. Thanks, and bye!
Have a great stay in Cambridge.


Hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the North end. Preferably a 4 star hotel
The [acorn guest house] is nice
Are there any hotels available, instead of a guesthouse?
There are no 4 star hotels in the north part of town
Ok, let's go with guesthouse. A moderately priced one, 4 stars.
[home from home] is located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la. can i give you the phone number?
Do they have free parking?
yes they do . can we book?
I don't need a room right now, but I would like to know if there is a [Persian] restaurant in the north.
There are no persian restaurants in the north, would you like me to run another search?
Are there any [italian] places around the hotel?
There is! I have [Da Vinci Pizzeria], located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. It is in the cheap range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at [18:45] on Sunday.
OK, I've got your table reserved, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is V8O2HYKW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places, from my lodgings, so it gets me to the restaurant on time.
Your booking has been completed! Booked car type: white audi The contact number is: 07231461791. Can I help you with anything else today?
I don't think so. Thank you.
Thank you, too. I hope you have a great day. Goodbye!


Hey there. I am hoping you might be able to tell me what kind of entertainment is happening tonight in town near where I am staying.
Not a problem. Where are you staying?
I am in the northern part of town.
Sorry, I don't see any attractions in the north. Perhaps another area?
Would you happen to know if there is a swimming pool in the north?
There's actually two. Would you like more information on them?
Yes, please!
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river. The Kings Hedges Learner pool is on Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges. Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes, please give me the phone number for [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool].
The phone number is 01223302579. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also give me the address and entrance fee for the Jesus Green pool?
The pool is located between Victoria Rd and the river. I don't have the information for the entrance fee, but you can give them a call at 01223302579.
Thank you that is all I need, bye.
Great. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross
When would you like to depart London Kings Cross?
Yes departing from there heading to Cambridge on Saturday.
What time would you like to depart or arrive?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by [14:00].
I have train TR7309 departing London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:08.
Please book that for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7UGGORNQ .
Thank you, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I would like to take a train to leave cambridge.
I have 1,414 trains that are departing Cambridge this week. What day will you be traveling on?
I'm going to peterborough on wednesday
The TR3347 meets your current criteria, but you have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I need to arrive by [20:30].
TR0797 leaves cambridge at 19:34 and arrives in peterborough at 20:24. Would you like to book tickets for this train?
Yes please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number.
Your booking was successful. The total for 5 people is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is 4G3J82OG . Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a guesthouse that has free wifi
There are lots of options. What area would you like to stay in?
I'm not picky. Where would you recommend that is in the moderate price range? I'll need free parking, too.
There are 12. Is there a star rating you would like?
Honestly, I always stay at the same place when we travel there, so I could really use a recommendation. Any one will do just with wifi and moderate pricing.
I would recommend the [Kirkwood House]. It is located in the north. It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi. They are located at 172 Chesterton Road.
Yes, I would like to book this. There are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting Saturday. Can I get a reference number?
Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is ZNMV4ENM . Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much. That is all.
You're welcome, I was glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of anything else you need.


Hello- I would like some information about visiting [Corpus Christi] please
Corpus christi is a college located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338000 and is located at king's parade.
Can I have the post code please?
The postcode is cb21rh.
Is there an entrance fee?
the admission is 2 pounds.
Can you also find me a place to stay in the centre?
There are several places that are located in the same area, can you give me some more preferences?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.
I have 4 available hotels in the centre. Two of them have a cheap price range, and two have an expensive range. Would one of these do?
I'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 5 nights from Sunday.
I'm sorry, I'm not pulling up any matches.
Okay, how about a moderately-priced hotel in the south area instead that has free wifi and free parking?
I have two guesthouses that match your request; the [Aylesbray Lodge] and Bridge Guesthouse. Aylesbray has 4 stars and Bridge Guesthouse has 3. Which would you prefer?
Aylesbray sounds good. I need a booking for six, five nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful reference number is GS1J7NYI . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you for your help.
You are welcome, have a blessed day.


I need a taxi to the [good luck] chinese food takeaway.
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you need picked up?
I would like to be picked up at the [Bloomsbury Restaurant].
When would you like to be picked up?
I want to be picked up [after 03:15,] please.
You are booked on a black skoda with the contact number 07423023261.
Great! Thank you so much!
You are most welcome. Do you have any other requests?
No, you have taken care of everything. Goodbye.
Your taxi will be there by 3:30. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.


Can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking. Please provide me with the reference number.
We have listings for 5 hotels and 1 guesthouse on the east side with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind so we can narrow it down?
I would like one with four star. I don't care about the price.
I have 5 guesthouses that meet that star requirement. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House are all cheap. Carolina B&B and Warkworth House are moderate. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the [Allenbell]. Could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 5 nights starting Wednesday?
No problem. Your reference number is GWQNWQXD . Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your assistance!
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!


I am going to Cambridge and I want to travel home by train.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday after [16:00] and go to Norwich.
The first train leaving after 16:00 is TR6838. It leaves at 16:36 and will arrive at 17:55. Will that fit your needs?
That sounds perfect, can you let me know the price per ticket on that?
It is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Thank you so much!
Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is SAAOOKI0 .
I am also interested in places to go in town. I would like to find an entertainment attraction in the east of town. Do you have any suggestions?
I've got two for you. The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds or the Funky Fun House. Would you like more information on one or both?
Can I get the postcode for the [funky fun house]?
the postcode is cb58hy. anything else?
Thanks. The train and attraction are all I need today. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I need a train on Monday, leaving after [10:45].
Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.
We have the TR1028 leaving at 11:01. Does that work?
When does it arrive? And what is the total travel time, please?
It arrives at 1:44 in the afternoon and it is a 2 hour and 43 minute trip.
Great! Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Happy to help. Have a good day.


Yes, I'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is [Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop]. I'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.
Certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 King Street City Center.
Perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at [17:00] on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes, please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as Darrys Cookhouse.
How about [Erania]. It's a European resturant at Free School Lane City Centre.
What is the address,please?
Their address is free school lane city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for the same party and time on Sunday.
Thank you. Good-bye


I am looking to find a place to eat in Centre please.
There are many to choose from. I'm partial to The Varsity Restaurant myself, they serve international cuisine. Or were you in the mood for something else?
I would like [belgian] food in the moderate price range.
There are no belgian restaurants in the area. May I suggest Cote? They serve expensive French food and they are located in the Centre.
How about [international] food?
Okay, we've got two restaurants like that, Varsity and Bloomsburg. Do you have a preference?
Whatever one you recommend, I just need the phone number and address.
The Varsity is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called [ballare].
I gave that here, what would you like to know?
I just need the post code. Thank you.
The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. Will that be all?
Yes, that all I need, thanks.
Thank you for using our system today!


I am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi.
The ashley hotel is a 2 star moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi. Would you be interested in booking a room at this location?
Where is it located? I'm looking for something in the East.
[Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is a 2 star hotel with free wifi. It is in the east, and is in the expensive price range.
What type of place is the Express?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a hotel.
Do they also have free parking?
Yes, it has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at the express by holiday inn cambridge?
What type of hotel is it?
This is an expensive hotel.
I want to make sure that it's a hotel and not just a guest house. It sounds like it's not a guest house though, is that right?
It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. That will be everything.
Glad to help. Thank you and goodbye!


I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?
Sure. There are both moderate and cheap priced guesthouses in this area. Which would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, and I don't need internet access.
If you have no particular requirements, you might like the [Autumn House], which is an inexpensive 4 star guest house on the East side.
Does it include free internet?
Yes it does.
I want to book it for one person, four nights starting on Sunday.
You can rest now, your reference number is BQ8VSRRZ . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't rest yet. I still need a train. I am traveling from Cambridge to London liverpool street. Can you help me out?
Absolutely. First, I need a few more details. What day will you be traveling?
I'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by [14:30].
There are 5 trains that meet those requirements. TR5504 would have you arrive by 13:27. Can I help you buy a ticket?
Yes please for one. I will also need a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number: 9COW8ZI5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you.
Fantastic! Have a good day.


Can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range?
Of course! There are 21 such restaurants available. Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Yes, [Australian], please.
I actually do not have knowledge of any moderate Australian restaurants in the centre. There are some British restaurants I could inform you about.
Actually, could you look up some [turkish] restaurants instead?
There are 2 Turkish restaurants, the Anatolia and [Efes Restaurant]. Would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you?
Yes,I need to book a table for 6 people at [17:00] on Sunday, please.
I have made a reservation at Efes Restaurant for 6 people on Sunday at 17:00. The reference number is 8NR6PAIM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you good by.
Thank you, let me know if you need anything else, bye.


I was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
[fitzbillies restaurant] is the centre of town, serves british food and is in the expensive price range.
Okay I would like to book a table for 7 people at [15:30] on Friday. Can I get the reference number please?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : RD9D3ZLR . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train that will take me to Peterborough from Cambridge. Is there anything available?
What day and time are you planning on traveling?
I'm looking to leave after [12:00] on Saturday.
TR5711 will leave at 12:06 and arrive by 12:56. It will cost 13.20 pounds. Would you like to reserve seats?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need to know how many tickets you will need please.
all seven in my party please.
Your booking on the TR5711 was successful. The reference number is 1DQZ1SD7 . The total fee of 92.4 is payable at the station.
What is the travel time for that trip?
it is 50 mins travel times
that's perfect. I think this is all i need for now.
Okay, have a great day!


Yes, I am looking for a theatre in the town.
There are several theatres located in the city centre. Is that the correct area?
Any area is fine, can you give me the address and postcode of the closest theater to centre?
Sure, adc theatre's postcode is cb58as and the address is park street.
Great! Do you have a good [chinese] restaurant in centre that I could go to.
I have 10 chinese restaurants ranging from cheap to expensive. Is there any limits on what you would like?
I'd like a cheap Chinese restaurant, please.
Okay, I have three options that meet your needs. Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like me to make a reservation for one of those?
Make a reservation for [Charlie Chan]. Book a table for 2 people at [17:15] for Monday.
I have made a reservation at Charlie Chan for 2 people on Monday at 17:15. The reservation reference is 9ygetj1 . The table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you!


I'm looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant. Can you help me with that?
Sure, I can help you with that. There are 14 choices. Did you have a certain area in mind?
I need the town centre.
I have 6 different Indian food restaurants available. Might I suggest Curry Queen. It is the most highly rated in the area.
Certainly, sounds good. Could you just get me the address and postcode?
The Curry Queen is located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, and the postcode is cb21ug, would you like me to book this restaurant?
No thank you, that is all I needed!
Thank you and please check with us for future reservations.


I need some helping finding a train that leaves after [15:15].
Where will you be leaving from?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should go to cambridge
What day were you planning to travel?
Wednesday please. I'll need the train ID.
Here you go TR5567.
How long does the train trip take?
The train will arrive by 18:23 and take approximately 163 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please and I'm also looking for a cheap [Portuguese] restaurant in the centre part of town. I'd like to book a table for 5 @[20:30] on the same day
It sounds like you want [Nandos City Centre]. Should I go ahead and book a table?
Yes please, on Wednesday at 20:30 for 5 people.
I was able to book a table for you. The reference number is 9H6N0M1C . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Great that was all I needed today, thanks!
I wasn't able to finish the train booking yet. How many tickets do you need?
I don't need you to book it. I just need the travel time, train ID and arrival time.
Train TR5567 is 163 approximately and arrives at [18:23]
May I get the reference number?
The reference number of your trip is 4SUWDUY9 . Thank you


Can you help me find a hotel?
I sure can, what would you like for your hotel?
I'm looking for something moderately priced with a 4 star rating.
I have 11 hotels that would meet your criteria. Did you have a certain area that you would like to stay in?
No, but I would like to have free wifi.
There are several that meet your criteria. Do you need free parking?
That does not matter. Which one would you recommend?
I recommend the [a and b guest house]. Do you want me to book it for you?
Actually, I would like something that has 4 stars. Does A and B have 4 stars?
Yes, A & B guesthouse does have 4 stars. Are you ready to book a room?
Yes, and can I get the phone number for the guesthouse, please.
The number is 01223315702. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful, thanks. I don't need anything else at the moment. Bye.
Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [Portuguese] food.
[Nandos] is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the phone number and address?
Their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Will that be all?
Bye.
Goodbye.


Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse? I need free parking.
I found 21 results. What side of town would you like?
I would prefer the north side of town please.
There are quite a lot of them in that area. Do you have a price range in mind, or a particular star rating you'd like me to look for?
Not really. I just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.
Unfortunately, booking within your criteria was unsuccessful at all hotels. Could you change your number of days?
Would you try 1 night for 6 people on Sunday, please?
I have you booked at [acorn guest house]. Reference number is: IDAIIS1T .
Brilliant! Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been most helpful. Thanks, again.
You are very welcome, thank you and have a nice stay.


Can you help me find a cinema in the centre?
sure, there's a cineman called [vue cinema]
Great. Can I get the phone number for the cinema?
The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240 and they are in The Grafton Centre on East Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine, please.
What type of food would you like?
[italian] food, please
We have quite a few Italian restaurants all over town. Is there a particular part of town you want to stick to?
Yes, I'd like one that was in the centra as well.
We have 9 choices in the centre, any preference on price range?
Yes please; I'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as I'm on a bit of a budget.
[pizza] express would fit your needs, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for thursday at [18:30] for 4 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7LYLSH0V
i also need a taxi.
Where will you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at Vue Cinema.
And where will your destination be?
I need to get to [Pizza Express] for my [18:30] reservation, please.
Okay, you're all set with a taxi. It's going to be a black toyota and the contact number is 07976731692
You have been most helpful setting this up. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today!


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi included please.
Sure, is there a particular part of town you'd like to stay in?
I do not care as long as it is moderately priced and has free parking.
[Arbury lodge guesthouse] is in the north part of town, would you like to book there?
Yes please. It needs to be for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.
Great! I've got it booked for you, and your reference number is BDXD5TFL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a place to dine. It should serve [British] food and be in the moderate price range.
I recommend [the Oak Bistro] in the center of town. Fantastic food and service!
Okay please book a table for the same group of people at [16:45] on the same day
your all set, reference #MG7EZ1DS . Anything else today?
That would be all.
Ok great, have a wonderful day.


I want to take a train to Cambridge on Friday, what's available?
I found 202 trains. What is your departure station?
I would like the departure station to be broxbourne.
I have a train leaving that station at 09:32 and arriving at 10:32, if that's acceptable?
No, I need something that gets there by [9:45].
I have train TR3005 that arrives at 09:32,would that be good for you?
Yes, I need the reference number. I am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable [italian].
There are two restaurants that are Italian, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, and Franky and Bennys. The reference number for your train is 0EG8EWWR .
Pick one of those. I need it for the same amount of people at [17:15] on the same day.
I'm sorry, both of those restaurants are fully booked for the time requested. May I check another restaurant for you?
Okay. Can you find another Italian restaurant?
There are many italian restaurants not in the south of town, do you have another area preference?
Not really. Please make a recommendation.
There is a [Pizza Express] that is in the Centre area. It is in the moderate category. Would you like me to try to book that?
Yes. It will just me at 17:15 on Friday.
I was able to book it, the reference number is PPXQDNOM .
Terrific. I appreciate your help. Good bye!
You're welcome! Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!


I want to find a hospital in town
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you, can I also get the postcode?
The postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.


is there a moderate priced restaurant?
I found several. Do you have a preference on location?
Yes, in the east part of town.
There are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range.
What is the address of one of them?
451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Excellent, thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, goodbye
you are welcome goodbye


Can you help me find a park to visit in Cambridge?
Is there a specific area you'd like to visit a park in?
I have no area preference. Can you suggest a park for me? Thanks a lot
My suggestion would be the [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens]. The do charge 4 pounds for entrance but it is by far worth it. They are located on Bateman Street.
Okay, what area is that in?
It's in the centre area.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called [La Mimosa]?
Sure, that's a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, and can I get a phone number and area?
01223362525. Would you like me to book you a table?
Actually, no I don't.
Okay, is there anything else I can help with today?
That was all I needed today, thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need to find a hotel in the north part of town.
We have quite a selection of lodgings in the north. Do you have a price range preference, or additional needs, to narrow down our search?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel.
We have 8 guesthouses with a 4 star rating. 7 of the them are moderately priced and one is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
No. Pick whatever is available.
acorn guest house is a nice place.Would you like the address ?


I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.
I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.
I have [finches bed and breakfast] or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.
Ok I will book it for you


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I am not.
I have the [kymmoy] located at 52 mill road city centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at [20:00] on Sunday.
I have your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 20:00, your reference number is HJ2OIWKI . Can I help with anything else?
train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge
I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know where you're leaving from and what day and time you'd like to leave.
I'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by [13:45].
I booked you for 1 ticket your reference number is FCGNZKOW . It will arrive by 12:23
Thank you for booking it.
Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.
OKay, I will work on booking this. In the mean time do you know what kid of food you want?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. Let me work on that train for you.
The booking of the restaurant is ready, and the reference number is : HJ2OIWKI .
Thank you! I appreciate all of your help today. Have a good afternoon.
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for information and would appreciate the help. Can you help with a train?
I can give you all kinds of information as well as book a ticket. Where are you going and when?
I want to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.
Where will you leave from?
I will be leaving from ely.
Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by [08:45]
How many tickets please
I would need 2 tickets.
Train TR9741 arrives at 07:52 and I have booked you for 2,here is your information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U44P6DQP .
Can you also look up the hotel [Carolina Bed and breakfast]?
Sure thing, what kind of information do you need?
I want you to book it for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 2 people.
Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is 2VD26230 . Anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye!
Have a great stay in town. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on tuesday
We have over 200 trains, do you have a departure site or time?
I'm departing from Norwich and need to arrive by [12:15].
There are many options available. Is there a certain time you would like to depart?
No just tell me the price of the trip please
The price of the train would be 17.60 pounds. Anything else you need?
That'll be all, thanks so much for your assistance!
You're welcome. Have a great trip!


Help me, please, I was just the victim of a robbery! I need help right away!
contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station
How do I contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station?
They can be reached by calling 01223358966.
I'll need to address also.
The Parkside Police Station is located in Parkside, Cambridge and the Postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Take care. Goodbye.


Send a taxi to the [Parkside Police Station] to go to [Little Seoul]
Do you have a frame of time you would like to arrive or leave in?
I would like to gt there by [6:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black lexus Contact number : 07080991212


Can you please help me find a train? May I ask that it comes at [10:45] and leaves on a monday? Thankyou.
Yes, and what is your destination?
Norwhich, please. From Cambridge.
I'm sorry. The earliest train departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. Would you like to book that train ?
Yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is I8HVTE6S . Will that be all?
I need a hotel room with i need free parking.
Great, I have many hotels with free parking. Do you have a particular area in mind?
Somewhere in the west please.
Okay and what is your price range?
I don't have a price range in mind.
I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap right on up to the Huntington Marriott Hotel which is expensive. There is also another cheap and moderate choice if neither of those work.
Could you get me the postcode for the [Cambridge Belfry]?
I can. The postcode is cb236bw. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that is all i needed for today thanks
You're welcome, have a great day


Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge soon and I am interested in what attractions are in the centre.
I can help you with that! There are many different types, and many people love the architecture attractions. Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes. Tell me more.
Little saint mary's church is a great place to visit. It is located on little saint mary's lane in the centre of town and its free to get it.
Ok, thanks! What about a train to get me to Cambridge?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Stansted Airport.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train needs to leave after [16:45] on Tuesday please.
Tr2101 is leaving at 17:24, would you like me to book tickets and if so how many people?
Thank you for the train ID, what is the travel time for that train?
The travel time is 28 minutes. May I be of further assistance?
Nope! Thanks for everything. That's all I needed.
If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. Good-bye.


Hello! Can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town? I'll be on a business trip, so I do need free wifi.
I have several options that meet your needs. I would recommend the Avalon, unless you need free parking.
I do not need parking, is the Avalon moderately priiced?
Yes, the [Avalon] is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Sure! Can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting Friday?
Sure. Your reference number is 8Y3768BT . Anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


i had car accident dispute and am looking for help
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
Great, do you have the address and postcode?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thanks, I'm going to call right now. Goodbye.
Do you need any further assistance?
No. Thank you so much for all of your help!
You're welcome. Take care and call us again. Goodbye.


I would like to book a train out of Cambridge, please.
I'd by happy to help. Where would you like to arrive?
I want to go to london liverpool street.
On what day and time will you be traveling?
Tuesday leaving sometime after [18:45].
Ok, TR 3515 leaves on Tuesday at 19:59. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds great.
How many seats will you need for this trip?
Actually, I can book it separately. But I will need help booking a hotel -- the [Lovell Lodge]
I can help with that! How many people will be staying, for how long, and which day would you like to arrive?
Thank you! For 3 people, and 3 nights, starting Saturday, please.
I was able to book it, reference number is R72D5LVK .
Thank you for the help, thats all I need today.
You're very welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you I really don't need anything else.
Call back with any questions any time. Goodbye.


Am looking for a train,it should go to stansted airport and should leave after [13:30]
I'd love to help. Where are you departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday.
How does train TR1090 that leaves at 13:40 sound?
That sounds like an excellent choice! Thank you for the help!
welcome. at your service next time
Can you make a booking for me?
Your train leaving at 13:40 from Cambridge going to Stansted airport has been booked. Your reference number is 39OY8NLR . The total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station.
I just need to verify that that booking is for 4 people. If not, can you change it?
I have you for for, reference is X06J64WK . What else may I do?
I think we have taken care of everything. Thank you so much for your time!
You're very welcome, have a great day!


Yes I am looking for a train that arrives by [20:00] that is going to ely
I have one that will arrive by 18:07. Do you have the day you would like to travel?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Tuesday, departing from Cambridge please.
Okay, how about TR7733, leaving at 17:50 and arriving by 18:07? Would that work for you?
Yes, that's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thank you.
Perfect! I hope you have a great time!
Can you also help me find a [Chinese] restaurant on the north side?
Golden wok is a chinese place in the north part of town, would that work for you?
Great, is it considered to be expensive it's my anniversary and I want it to be high quality food
Happy Anniversary! Golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like me to find an expensive restaurant?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one.
In expensive restaurants, I have two options in the north. There is Hakka and there is The Hotspot. In my opinion, Hakka is a great chinese restaurant.
postcode, phone number, and area
They are in the north, postcode is cb41ep. Expensive and their phone number is 01223568988. That was for [Hakka].
Can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at [14:30]
Thank you for all your help. We should have a nice anniversary.
What? Could you please make the reservation?
Which day would you like this reservation?
I'd like that reservation for Tuesday, as well.
I have that table reserved for you. The reference number is HFSFXR46 . May I help you with anything further?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Bye!
It was a pleasure to assist you. I hope you have a Happy Anniversary!


Where'a a restaurant on the east part f town?
What type of food would you like?
it doesn't matter
the royal standard is located in city centre
Are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town?
There are a few restaurants in the east part of town. Are you looking for a certain price range?


Can you find me a nightclub?
I have 6 nightclubs 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a nightclub in the centre area.
The Fez Club at 8 Market Passage is quite popular. Or are you interested in one of the other four?
The [Fez] sounds great. Can I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223519224. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a train going to Ely on Monday?
When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would need to leave cambridge after [13:15] on Monday, please.
I have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 with the earliest being TR5167 which leaves at 13:50 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like a reservation?
For now, can you just give me the price and travel time of TR5167?
4.40 pounds, and travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like to know anything else?
I think that is all I need to know for now. Thank you.
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!


Could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town?
Sure. How about the avalon? They also have free internet as well.
Sure that would be lovely.
Alright, for how many people and for how long would you like to book this?
Can I get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we will be there Thursday. Thank you
I was unable to get you that booking, perhaps a different day or length of stay?
Sure, how about a different hotel in the same price range?
There are 7 [guest houses] in the same price range . Archway house and Arbury Guest House are on the same road. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please book it for me.
I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is IJ54OOHX, may I assist with anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.
I am happy I was able to confirm your booking. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Hello, I'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west.
We don't have any hotels that meet those specifications. Would you like a different area, or perhaps a different star rating?
Can we try a 4 star rating instead?
Do you have a price range that you are looking for?
I do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 7 people.
I'd recommend the [huntingdon marriott hotel]. If you'd like, I can see if they have an availability. What day are you arriving?
We'll be arriving on Friday, and we'd like to stay for 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LXZ3ERL8 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that was everything. Thank you for the help.
You're very welcome. Have a great trip.


Hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town centre please.
There are 2 places, gonville hotel and university arms hotel, any other preference or questions before I book?
Yes, do either include free wifi or free parking?
Yes, both of them have free wifi & parking. Would you like to book this for you? Just tell me which hotel you prefer.
Book the [gonville hotel] for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday. May I have the reference number too?
I have booked your hotel. Your reservation number is C0ASBZHA
Thank you! I'm also looking for some places to go around the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?
I would recommend the [All Saints Church] in that area. Would you like more information regarding it?
Could I get the address, postcode and attraction type?
Sure! It's architecture in the centre of town.It has postcode to cb58bs
Thank you very much. I think that's all.
Well, thank you for booking through our service. Have a pleasant day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific food type and pricerange you are looking for?
No particular type of food, but something moderately priced please.
Would you like to try [the copper kettle]? It serves British food.
That sounds good. Could you book a table for 4 people at [19:15] on Wednesday?
Hi, I've booked a table for 4 at the Copper Kettle! Will that be all?
Could I get the reference number? Also looking for place to go in town. What museum do you recommend? Please send address.
Your restaurant reference number is AVOXTSPM . For a museum, I recommend the broughton house gallery at 98 king street.
Alright, that seems like it will be perfect! Could I have the address for it, please?
The address is 98 king street.
OK great, that's all I needed thank you!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a [Malaysian] restaurant in the east part of town.
There are no Malaysian restaurants on the east side of town.
How about [indian] food?
[Curry Prince] serves Indian food and is on the east side of town.
Perfect, may I have the address and phone number please?
The phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye.


I need to book a taxi to take me from [Bangkok City]. I need to leave by [19:30].
And where will you be going to, please.
I would like to go to [Prezzo]
Okay I have booked your taxi for you
What is the car type?
Here you are! Booked car type : yellow lexus Contact number : 07405095877
thank you. i apreciate having gotten help from your desk. hope to get more and better help sometime latter. looking foward to seeng you latter on, thank you so much again
alaways welcome for more services
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to help. Good bye.


I'm interested in a place called [restaurant one seven]. What can you tell me about it?
Restaurant One Seven serves british food! It is moderately priced!
Awesome! Can you book a table for me? 4 people at [15:30] on Monday. Thanks!
Okay I have you booked there for Monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0J39OJVT .
Great thank you! That's all I need.
It was my pleasure to help you. Please feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for places go to in the south of town.
The attraction types in the south area are theatre, park, nightclub, museum, cinema, and entertainment. Which one are you interested in?
I am interested in cinemas specifically.
The Cineworld Cinema is in the South part of town. Their phone number is 00872208000. Would you like their address?
Yes, please give me the address and postcode.
It's located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way and the postcode is cb17dy
Excellent. I'd also like a train please. One that leaves from london liverpool street to cambridge.
There are 70 trains that leave from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge, what day and time would you like to leave?
The first train after [21:15] works for me. I need to book it for three people, please provide the reference number.
I can certainly book that for you! However, could you let me know what day of the week you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Monday, and I will need the reference number as well.
That would be TR5906 at 21:39 on Monday.
Thank you so much for all your help.
I have booked 3 tickets for you for 49.8gbp payable at the station. your reference number is ETOI91ON
Great! Thank you. What a relief.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you. That is everything I need at this time.
Great, have a wonderful day!


Are there any [Turkish] restaurant in the Centre location?
There are 3 options available to you. Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No,could you recommend one and give me the address, price range, and postcode.
How about the moderately priced Anatolia? The address is 30 Bridge Street, cb21uj. Would you like me to book that?
No thank you. I also need to find a train going to Leicester.
Sure thing where will you be traveling from, and what day and time will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. I'd like to get to Leicester by [18:00] please.
TR0469 arrives by 17:06, would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet. What is the price and travel time?
The price for that one is 37.80 pounds and the travel time is a little under 2 hours
Can you be more specific on the travel time. I have a tight schedule to keep. Can you tell me in minutes?
The exact travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you. Can you make the booking?
Yes I can make the booking for you. How many people will be traveling?
You know what, don't worry about it, the trains are never full, I'll just grab a ticket at the station.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that was all the information I needed for now.
Ok. Just let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a restaurant named [Panahar].
Ok. Would you like me to make a reservation at panahar?
Yes, for five people.
Ok for what day and time please?
That information is at [13:45] on sunday.
The booking was unsuccessful. Is there another time you would like me to look for?
Is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range?
There are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences. Are you keen on eating a particular cuisine?
I don't have any preferences. Pick one you like.
I booked you a table in [kymmoy]. They serve asian oriental cuisine. Your reference number is W8M1HZ59 .
Thank you! Have a nice day!
You are welcome. Enjoy your evening!


am looking for a train. The train should arrive by [18:00] and should go to stevenage.
Can you provide me with your departure site?
I am departing from cambridge on Tuesday.
There are many options available. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
What one gets me there before, but closest to 18:00?
Train TR5343 arrives at 16:10. It is the closest to your required arrival time. Would you like to reserve any tickets today?
No, I have decided not to book today, thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good day.


Hey there, I am traveling to Cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat. I am interested in [Portuguese] food and don't mine a more expensive menu.
Yes, we do have a couple of Portuguese restaurants, Nandos located in the south and Nandos City Centre located in the centre. Do you have a preference for the location?
I would like to go to [Nandos] in the south
Would you like reservations? It is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way.
Can you give me the exact address?
I'm sorry that is the only address I have available to me. Would you like the phone number?
No thank you. I also need a train to cambridge.
Where are you traveling from?
I am traveling from Ely. The train should arrive by [19:00] and I would like to leave on Friday.
the TR2759 will arrive by 17:52. would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'd like two tickets.
Okay. The booking was successful! The total fee is 8.8 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is HH0K9RFR .
That should be everything for me. Thank you so much for the help!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Indian] food please.
We have several of those, were you looking for any particular part of town?
No. Just need it to be open on Saturday.
Okay, would you like me to attempt to book a table at one of these fine restaurants for Saturday?
Which one would you suggest?
The Curry Garden is a nice place do you want their info ?


I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you search in the area of south?
We have several great options. The [Byard Art] museum is popular and has free admission.
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number?
Oh they really are lovely. And the number is 01223464646.
Thank you. I am also looking for an expensive [Italian] restaurant.
Sure, there are 5 expensive Italian restaurants for you to choose from. Is that a specific area you would like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like one near the museum in the south.
We only have one listing for an [Italian restaurant] in the south. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Does this interest you?
Yes. I need a table for 8 at [11:00] on Tuesday.
I was able to book the table for eight on Tuesday 11:00. The reference number is R8O6B9DF . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you, can I also get a taxi between the two places?
Absolutely! When would you like to arrive at or leave by?
I'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.
I was able to book a black honda contact number is 07790378961
Thank you so much. You took care of everything. Thanks. Bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.
There are several trains leaving on Sunday. Do you have a departure/destination in mind?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive in standsted airport.
I have 19 trains leaving Cambridge for Standsted on Saturday. Did you have a particular departure time in mind?
I don't have a departure time in stone, but I need to arrive by [17:15].
The TR2001 is the last train of the day and arrives at 17:08. The train before it is TR0638 and arrives at 16:08. Do you want me to book one for you?
Yes, please book the TR0638. I need 7 tickets.
Your tickets are reserved. That reference number is 6J063KBL .
Alright, since I'm going to be in the city centre for awhile, could you tell me of any interesting places there?
There are several beautiful churches near the centre, all well known and valued for their beautiful architectural styles. Is that something you might be interested in?
What's your favorite one? I trust your judgment - let me know the best one's address, postcode, and attraction type, please.
I would suggest All Saints Church for it's amazing architecture type. It's address is on Jesus Lane with a postcode of cb58bs. Make sure you check out that stained glass!
Wonderful, I am really looking forward to it! That's all I'll need for today!
Have a nice day.


I need a place to eat? How about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?
Is there a type of food you are interested in having?
yes [british] food
There are 4 places that would suit your needs. Could I recommend, [Restaurant One Seven]? It's very popular this time of year.
sure, can you reserve a table for friday for me?
Sure. What time would you like the table for?
[12:45], Friday. 7 people. Reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0DSRHJ06 .
Perfect. I am also looking to stay at the [finches bed and breakfast]. Can you tell me about it?
it is a cheap 4 star guest house in the west. can we book?
Can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on friday?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 09NIQSM0 .is there anything else i can do for you?
Yes, please. I'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
what time do you want to leave
I need to arrive at the restaurant by [12:45]. I also need the contact number and car type please.
look out for a yellow skoda with contact number 07860378071
Thank you, that'll be all today.
Please call again if we can assist you in any way. Have a great day. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a train schedule after [15:15], going to Cambridge.
There are several trains available for you. Where are you departing from and what day would you prefer?
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 15:15
Is there a time you would prefer to arrive?
No, but I would like the booking made for two people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N5FLMFK9 . Anything else you need?
Yes, are there any [italian] restaurants in the center of town?
Yes I have [pizza hut city centre] located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make a table reservation?
Yes please. Can you book it for Saturday at [19:45] for 2 and get me a reference number?
I'm sorry, they didn't have that time available. Would you like to try a different time or a different day?
Yes, can you try for [18:45] instead?
Sure thing! Your reference number is D1CJSO6Z .
Thank you for your help!
Did you need any further assistance today?
That is all, thanks again.
I'm glad we could help. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a college in the centre of town.
Downing College is on Regent Street and admission is free.
Thanks, could I please have their phone number and postcode?
The phone number for Downing College is 01223334860, and their postcode is cb21dq.
Great, thank you! I'm also in need of a place to stay. It needs to be in the south and I'd like it to have free wifi.
The Aylesbray Lodge is a guest house with 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
Is the Aylesbray Lodge cheap?
The Aylesbray is moderately priced, but has free parking and internet. For cheap, there is Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
I want to book the [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. I have six people in my party.
What day would you like to start your stay and how many days will you be staying?
We'll arrive on Wednesday and we'll be staying for 2 nights.
I have booked your rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for a party of 6 who will arrive on Wednesday and stay two nights.
Can I have the reference number?
Your reference number is UL5OTY23 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That takes care of all my questions.
Thank you for using our system today!


Can you tell me where the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Gallery is located?
Yes, it is located at 6 Trinity Steet, postcode cb21su. Do you need any more information?
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223324222.
what is their entry fee?
The entrance fee is free.
i also want a place to stay which has a parking and has a star 4
I have 19 places that match that criteria. Is there any area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would like for it to include free parking. The area doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
[Acorn guest house] offers free parking. It's in north part of town and is moderately priced.
Okay thank you. Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Yes. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.
I need to know depart place and destination, as well as what time?
[Cambridge Contemporary Art] Gallery to [acorn] leaving at [21.15]
I was able to book a taxi for you, a yellow lexus. The contact number is 07618334504. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I need a train to Birmingham New Street that arrives by [8:00].
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge on tuesday
Okay, I've got a training leaving at 5:01 and arriving by 07:44, will that be good?
Perfect. I'd like 8 tickets please.
Okay I have booked you 8 tickets on this train. Your reference number is E4459YTN . Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you for your help. That is all I believe.
Sure. Glad to have helped.


I'm looking for places to go, can you guide me?
I would love to assist you today. I can guide you to attractions, restaurants, and hotels. What would you like to do?
I'd like to visit an attraction in the west. Suggest something for me please.
What about the [Cafe Jello Gallery]? It' a free museum.
That sounds great. What is their phone number and postcode?
Their postcode is cb30af, phone number 01223312112. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am looking for information on the [Hamilton Lodge].
The hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north area. Would you care for more information?
Yes, could you give me the address?
Sure thing. It's 156 chesterton Road.
Thank you, that is all I need today.
Thank for using our service today!


I am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi.
There are 29 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have an area or price range that you prefer?
Not necessarily, but I am looking for a 4-star hotel. Does that narrow it down?
There are still a fair number of selections to choose from. How about the Allenbell? It is a budget-priced guesthouse that fits your criteria. Its location is 517a Coldham Lane.
Are you sure it is four stars? If so, could I also have the postcode please?
Certainly, yes the Allenbell is a 4 star hotel and their postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No thank you that is all!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I was wondering if you could help me with the train schedule.
Of course. Where would you like to travel?
I need to travel from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Monday.
I can help you with that. Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
Yes no later than 5:15 I have to be there by 20:20.
The earliest I have is 05:24. Will that work?
I am sorry I meant to leave after 1[5:15] so that will be fine.
I have TR1188 leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Absolutely! How many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need the tickets right now. Can you find me a moderately priced 4 star hotel, though?
We have 4 star hotels in the cheap and expensive price range, could I interest you in one of those?
Please book me a room for 4 the same day at a cheap one you recommend. Thanks
Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
No, as long as the hotel itself is a 4 star establishment I'm not too concerned about where it's located.
How many nights would you like to stay?
4 nights please starting on monday.
OK, I've booked 4 people at [The Cambridge Belfry] for 4 nights starting Monday, the reference number is WZ83NOII . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thanks.
Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you help me find a train going to Ely?
Sure, what day would you like to travel and is there a certain time you want to leave?
I want to leave on Monday after [17:00].
I was able to get you 1 ticket your confirmation number is B8TP1EAA, anything else?
What is the price for that ticket?
The ticket costs 4.40 pounds. Will that be all?
What is the travel time?
You depart at 17:50, arrive by 18:07, and the duration is 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes - are there any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?
the cherry hinton village centre offers multiple sports and is located at colville road, cherry hinton.


want to book a taxi
Where are you going & where should it pick you up?
I am departing from [sala thong] and need to go to [abbey pool and astroturf pitch]. I need to arrive by [16:45].
Booked! Your car is a yellow toyota. Contact number: 07041103823.
thanks,i really appreciate your help today
No problem. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call back. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in Cambridge, please.
There are 5 to choose from (two with 4 star ratings). Which side of town would you like to be close to?
I don't care what part of town, just so that it has a 4 star rating.
There are two options - the University Arms Hotel in the centre and the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
The [University Arms Hotel]. Can you book that for 5 nights please?
What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
Myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on wednesday.
Great! I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 8Z83650O . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I am also looking for the restaurant [Frankie and Bennys], I need the phone number, price range, and postcode please.
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223412430 and the postcode is cb17dy. It is expensive / upscale price range. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the east side
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is a 2 star hotel in the east.
Is it expensive and does it have free parking?
It is expensive and it has free parking.
Okay, great! What's the address and postcode for that place?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park, and the postcode is cb13lh.
Can I have their phone number please?
Sure. There phone number is 01223866800. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. That's all I needed.
Thank you for using our service & have a good day!


Yes, I need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.
There are 8 to choose from with your preference. Is there a certain area or price range you'd prefer?
I need one in the moderate price range and a guesthouse would be great.
I have 12 results here. Do you prefer one with a certain number of stars or in a certain area?
Not really. Is there one you would recommend for someone who was never been to Cambridge before?
I think [acorn guest house] would be perfect. Would you like more information?
No, I would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is IGONQKG9 . Would you like anything else?
whats the entrance fee and post code.?
cb41da is the postcode


I need to find an expensive place to eat.
There are plenty of choices in the expensive range. Do you have a particular food type or area you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for [seafood].
[loch fyne] is an expensive restaurant in the expensive price range. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. Can you book a table for 7 people on Monday at [12:45]?
I'm sorry. There are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time slot or day?
Lets try earlier around [11:45]?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JQPIEJ2R . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I'll need a train departing from Cambridge.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after [11:30].
There are 5 trains for that day departing after 11:30 what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't have a specific time I need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.
TR5949 departs cambridge at 11:36 and arrives ag 12:44. May I book that for you?
Yes, please book this train. Also, I will need a reference number.
The booking was successful, the total fee due at the station is 123.2 GBP and the reference number is F14S262Z .
Thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving [fusion] food?
Sorry, but there are no fusion restaurants in the area, Did you want to try a different type of restaurant?
[European], then.
what area are you looking for?
Moderately priced European food. I will also need the address and postcode.
I have found five restaurants serving european food, four in the centre area and one in the south. Do you have a preference of area?
If they are all moderately priced, I do not care. Price is more important than location.
galleria serves moderately priced european food. Their address is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye


I want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
There are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I don't care
Chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves Mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the South part of town.
Ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?
Yes, there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria. There is frankie and bennys, peking restaurant, taj tandoori, and the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of [frankie and bennys]?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you please help me find a hospital in town?
The closest hospital would be Addenbrookes Hospital located on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151. Did you need a phone number for a particular department?
No thank you, but can you also give me their postcode?
Sure thing. Their postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Glad to help. Have a good day.
Thanks for all your help.
You're quite welcome! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


What are some places I could visit that are in Cambridge?
There are several great places to visit in cambridge. What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would like to visit a park on the north side.
Sure, we have Milton Country Park located in the north in Milton. There phone number is 01223420060 & postcode is cb46az.
Ok, great thanks. I also need to find a train going to cambridge.
I have 1,414 possible options for you to take. Is there any way for you to narrow down which one you need?
I need a train to leave on Tuesday after [18:00] from London Liverpool street going to cambridge.
TR6833 is a train that matches your requirements, would you like that?
I would like the travel time, arrival time and price, please.
Your arrival time for TR6833 is 21:07, with a travel time of 88 minutes. Price is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I would like to book that train.
Sure thing! How many tickets will you be needing?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you.
TR6833 leaves at 19:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:07 for 88 minutes of travel. It costs 16.60.
Thank you, that's all I need for now.
No problem, glad to be of help!


I'm looking for a cheap hotel.
alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse east of Cambridge center that is cheap, would you like more information?
Does it have a star of 4. I don't care if it has free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast does have a 4 star rating, would you like help to book a room?
Actually, you mentioned its in the east. I really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 4-star rated. It can be a guesthouse or hotel.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I'm travelling with my family, so I need a room for 7 people for 4 nights, arriving Thursday.
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Perhaps you'd like a different day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have just 2 nights available?
I'm sorry, that time is not available. Can we try a short length of stay or different day?
Are you sure the [Alexander] is in the centre? You said earlier that it's in the east.
Yes, it's in the centre.
Please double check and make sure the booking is good.
Yes, I was able to book that. The reference number is U0JT0YZ8 . DO you need anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you.
No problem. I'm glad I could help.


I am looking for an affordable [spanish] restaurant.
There is one match. [La Raza] is located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, cb23ll. Phone number is 01223464550. Would you like to book a table now?
Is it in the center? If so I'd like to book a table.
Yes, it is in the centre. When would you like to arrive?
[16:15] on Monday for 7 people.
Your booking for La Raza on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. The reference number is U4H95J7A .
Thanks so much for all of your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a train for Monday going to Cambridge?
I would love to help you but I need to know where you're leaving from and a departure or arrival time that suits you.
train arrive by [09:15] depart from london liverpool street
The TR3938 train sounds perfect. It arrives into town at 9:07. Would you like me to purchase some tickets for you?
not now. thanks for the information.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thank you that is all I needed.
I am pleased to help, enjoy your trip.


Hey there! Can you give me some options for trains leaving Wednesday from Norwich? We are going to Cambridge.
Sure thing! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive by [19:45]. I need to book for 5 people.
I booked you on TR4203 with a total fee of 88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is: 58VOL3U2 . Do you need anything further today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


can i find the nearest police station
Hello. You can reach them at 01223358966, and they are in Parkside , postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the address?
The full address is Parkside, Cambridge. May I help you further?
No, that's good, thanks.
Great, I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to ask.


I need to get to Peterborough. Can you find me a train that gets there by [13:30]?
What day will you travel on ?
I will depart from Cambridge on Wednesday.
The train closest to your requested time is the TR1108, leaving Cambridge at 12:34, arriving Peterborough at 13:24. Would you like to book a ticket?
Please and I would appreciate it if you could give me the train ID, departure time, and booking reference.
The train ID is TR1108, and the departure time is 12:34, but to book your ticket I'll need to ask - how many tickets would you like to purchase?
I will need three tickets please.
You are all ready with three tickets. The total fee is 49.5 and you will pay that at the station. Reference number is JPNLH7QF .
I would also like to find a museum in town.
There are 23 museum options in town. Can you help me by narrowing down where in town you'd like the museum to be?
No preference, what would you suggest?
The broughton house gallery is popular and it is free. It is in the center of town at 98 king street. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the postcode for the [broughton house gallery]?
The postcode for the gallery is cb11ln. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book reservations for place to eat for me.
There are many choices for restaurants in town. Do you have a specific area, price range, or type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
Hmm, my restaurant reservation system seems to be down at the moment. Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
No that is all. Thank you for helping me.
You are welcome. Thanks for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side that includes free parking.
I can help you with that! First, let me get more information so that I can assist you better. Are you looking for a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 3 stars and with free wifi please.
There are none in the East. Perhaps another criteria change?
How about the north part of town?
There's the [Hamilton Lodge]. It's a moderate price guesthouse that has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for one person for 4 nights starting Friday.
How many people are in your party?
Just myself for 4 nights starting friday please.
I made a reservation for 1 person at the hamilton lodge for 4 nights and for 1 person. Here's their phone number 01223365664. Have a nice stay!
Can I please get the reference number and I also need to book a train for Tuesday.
Sure! The reference number is 8PW074CW . As far as the train, where are you headed?
I am looking to leave Cambridge after [11:15] and travel to Broxbourne.
Which day do you want to travel?
I'd like to leave on tuesday, and could you give me the travel time?
Yes! Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne have a travel duration of 60 minutes. The most suitable for you appears to be TR2368, leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:01. Would that work?
That will work for me. I don't want to book just yet, though. Thanks for your help. Good bye.
Well if there is nothing else I can help you with, have a great day. Goodbye.


I'd like to find a guesthouse to stay.
No problem. We have 24 to choose from. Any specifics?
I'm looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 3-star rating.
Okay, there are three: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobsons House in the west. Would one of these work for you?
Can I have the address for [Hamilton Lodge]?
Certainly. It's located at 156 chesterton road. Anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm not familiar with that address. What part of town is that in?
It is in the North part of town.
Great, thanks for the information. That's all I need right now.
Have a great day!


Hi, I would like to travel Stevenage from Cambridge by train. Could you please tell me when the next train is leaving?
The next train departing is TR8306 on Friday at 5:54 set to arrive by 6:43. Would you like to book that?
I actually need to leave on Saturday.
Let me confirm you are traveling from Cambridge to Stevanage this Saturday. Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I am in Cambridge traveling to Stevanage on Saturday. I want to arrive in stevenage by [12:45].
Train ID TR3259 Price 10.24 pounds Reference number is : 1P6X7B88 .
I'll also need the travel time please.
The travel time is 19 minutes.
Ok, great. Thanks!
Thank you for using our services, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to help. Have a great day.


I need to contact the police.
Certainly. The number for the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, can I also have the post code and the address?
Yes they are located at Parkside, Cambridge post code is CB11JG
Thank you so much, good bye.
You are so welcome. Bye now.


I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?
There are a variety of restaurants to chose from. Would you like Indian, Chinese, British, International fare or a Gastropub?
We would like to try a [Portuguese] place. Is there one available?
Oh you're in luck. I have one in the center called [Nandos City] Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Please reserve for 2 people on Tuesday at [15:15].
That booking was successful and your reference number is JM0RL39I .
Thank you. I would also like a train leaving on Saturday going to Kings Lynn.
Okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Well, I have great news. There are several trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Would you like to book tickets for you and how many?
Yes please book 2 tickets.
Let's try and narrow this down some. What time do you want to depart or what time do you want to arrive by?
I would like to leave after [20:45]
For how many people?
There will be 2 people.
Would train TR6633 arrving at 21:58 work?
Yes. I'd like to book that for two. Could I get the reference number please?
It has been booked. Your reference number is 1J07UJKY .
Thank for the help, goodbye!
Have a safe trip.


I'm looking for train tickets, can you help with that?
Yes, Where will you be arrive from and going to? I also need a date and time.
I want to go to peterborough and depart from cambridge.
There are many trains going to peterborough from cambridge. What day and time do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave Thursday after [8:30] please.
I have train TR6009 that leaves at 08:34 and will arrive in Peterborough at 09:24. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?
The travel time is 50 minutes.
Are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the south that have free parking?
No, I'm sorry there aren't any hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there anything in the north?
In the north, I have 2 places. The first is the [Ashley Hotel] and the other is the Lovell Lodge. Did you need me to book you a room?
Yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful at ashley hotel . Reference number is : DHVIHB9V . Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that was all I needed. Goodbye.
Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.


Is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?
Yes! There are quite a few. Do you have a preference for type of food?
An expensive [chinese] restaurant please located in the north
There are two, one is called Hakka and another is the Hotpot. Would you like a reservation at one of these restaurants?
Yes, can you provide me the address of [Hakka]?
It's Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy. Phone number is 01223568988. If you'll tell me how many people and when you'll be dining, I'll be happy to book it for you.
I don't need a reservation right now, but I am looking for a train. I need to leave Wednesday after [15:45].
I have many options for you. Where are you going and from where are you departing?
I am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross.
The soonest after 15:45 is TR3843, departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving in London at Kings Cross at 17:51. Will that meet your needs?
Yes that would be fine. thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all actually. Thank you for the assistance.
You are most welcome!


I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge [after 08:15.]
Ok, I have many trains meeting that criteria. What day would you be traveling and what is your destination?
I'm looking to travel on Friday from cambridge to peterborough, please.
There are 31 options available. The first leaves at 8:34 and arrives in Peterborough at 9:24. Does that work for you?
Sure. Can you please tell me the price?
The total price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you. There's one more thing. I have a few hours to unwind while I am in town. What type of attractions are available?
There are so many! Did you want something near the centre? I have Museums, cinemas and parks!
I am looking for a Cinema in the west. Is one available in the area? If not, how about a Museum in the same area?
There are actually 7 museums in the west. I highly recommend [Cambridge Book and Print Gallery]. Would you like the postcode and address?
Could I just get the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223694264
Okay, thanks so much for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome, thanks for contacting us. Text back any time!


I need to leave Cambridge on Sunday by train.
The first train to leave Cambridge departs at 5:00, and goes to London kings cross.
That will be fine I guess. It will arrive by [19:15], I'm sure?
TR2045 will arrive closer to that time, it arrives at 18:58. Would you like tickets for that one instead?
Yes, let's go ahead and book that.
My apologies, I believe there was an error in the database lookup. TR2045 is not available but TR3353 arrives at 17:51 on Sunday. Shall we book that instead?
Yes, please give me travel time and departure time, please.
Certainly. The departure time is 17:00 and the travel time is 51 minutes. I have booked your ticket. The reference number is BJJ3GXMX. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thank you.
Thank you for using our system!
Thanks for your help bye!
You are welcome. Goodbye.


Hi, I need an expensive restaurant please.
There are quite a few expensive restaurants in the [city]! Can you help me specify by telling me what kind of food you'd like to try?
I do not care the kind. Please pick one and book it for 5 people at [15:30] on sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time or day?
Yes, lets try [14:30] please.
You have a table at Saigon City at 14:30. DGMG8RF8 is your reference number.
Thanks! Could you also give me info on trains leaving after [16:45] from Cambridge.
Sure. Are you looking for a train on Sunday as well? And, what is your destination?
I need one for monday to go to birmingham new street.
I would suggest train ID TR7728 which departs Cambridge at 17:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 19:44.
That would be good, can I get tickets for 5 people?
Yes, I've booked 5 tickets for you. Your reference number is LU2SUOW2 .
Thank you very much, lovely day to you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that is all. Bye.
Thank you for using our system today!


Howdy! I'm looking to visit some colleges in the city centre if there are any. Preferably ones near food.
Would you like a free one or a paid entry one?
I am ok with either option. Choose one you think I would enjoy and let me know the address and postcode.
How about the [Christ's College] in the Center located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. It has free admission.
That sounds fine. Does it have actually street address?
That is the only address information I have, but if you have trouble finding them, you could call them at 01223334900.
Ok. Could you help me find an [Indian] restaurant around there which serves Indian food,
I have 9 indian restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you would like?
No preference for price range, but would like to have availability on Saturday.
I would suggest [Curry Garden]. If you tell me the time you would like booked and how many will be in your party, I'll check availability for you.
Please book a table for 3 at [15:30] on Saturday.
Great! Your reference number is QMHALXPG, is there anything else I can do?
Can I get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, I would like to arrive by the booked time of [15:30].
I booked a red Skoda to pick you up and get you to Curry for your reservation. The contact number is 07087653240. Can I help with anything else?
Terrific, thanks and have a great day!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo center, and I hope you enjoy your time in our city!


I'm looking for something to do in Cambridge. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings around the city centre?
I think I can help you with that. There are several historic colleges and churches to see. Many offer free admission.
I'd like to take a look at some of the [older churches], what are some of the entrance fees for those?
The churches are free.
Please give me their phone number. I also need a restaurant that serves [North American] food
Here are the numbers for 2 churches, all saints church(01223452587), holy trinity church(01223355397). There are three more if needed. A good restaurant is [gourmet burger kitchen].
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for using our services!
Oh, wait! If the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is in the same area as the churches, could I get the phone number for that, too?
Certainly! The phone number is: 01223312598 Is there anything else we can assist with today?
Yes may i please have the address to Gourmet Burger Kitchen and can you book reservations for 2 for [13:00]
The address is Regent Street City Centre. What day you would like the reservation to be?
I'm sorry, I'm really distracted on this end. Can you tell me the postcode of the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? And what are their prices like?
It is expensive. The postcode is cb21ab.
Ok, that's great. Thank you.
Will you still need a reservation, or are you all set?
No, I'm good. Thanks for all your help!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum
We have tons of museums to choose from. Did you have a specific area in mind?
How about centre?
The [Primavera] is a museum type attraction in centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the entrance fee and the number.
The primavera's entrance fee is free, its phone number is 01223357708
I also need to find a guesthouse in the moderate price range that is rated by 2 stars and will include free wifi.
we dont have that guest house within your price range. can we try any other?
Rather than a guest house, do you have a hotel that meets those specifications?
There are no 2 star hotels in the centre, but 2 in the north, are you interested in those?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?
How about [Lovell Lodge]. It's a hotel in the north with a 2 star rating with a moderate price range. Can I book this for you?
No I just need an address.
lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road. The postcode is cb41sr.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north in the moderate price range and a 2 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No, get me their address instead.
Sure. Lovell Lodge is located on 365 Milton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all for today.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.
Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.
Could you leave on Friday? There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.
There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by [15:30].
There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?
8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3 . Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?
Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is IFXPNYHS .


Hi I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and want to book a train. I would like to leave early Monday and arrive by [20:45]
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Norwich.
I have a train leaving at 1836 and arriving at 1955, would you like me to book it for you?
yeah that sounds good
How many tickets will you need?
I need the travel time for 1
The travel time is 79 minutes, woudl you like me to book you?
That's okay I'm looking to find a cinema in the south part of town though.
[cineworld cinema's] address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Great, thanks! What is their postcode?
The postcode is cb17dy.
Thank you! That is all that I need.
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


Hi, I want to find an architecture attraction in the west please.
I am not showing an architecture in the west. Would you be interested in a different type of attraction or a different area?
Are there any museums in the west?
Yes. There are 7 museums in the west. I can recommend the [cambridge country folk museum] and kettle's yard. Would either of those interest you?
The folk museum sounds interesting. Can I get the address and entrance fee?
Their address is 2-3 castle street and the fee is 3.50 pounds. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes - I'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. Something moderately priced.
There are 4 guesthouses that meet your criteria. The Hobsons House is popular. Would you like to book it?
As long as it is in the North, and meets that criteria, sure.
In the North and Moderately priced we have hamilton lodge and alpha-milton guest house.
[Hamilton lodge] and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting monday, please.
You are booked at the Hamilton Lodge for three days starting Monday, and your confirmation number is 1ROQGKD4 . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi.
Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I want to leave the folk museum by [2:30] to go to the hotel. Can you get me the contact number and car type?
The contact number is 07050010887 and it will be a white Ford.
Thank you for the info on the taxi and helping me find one have a great day!
I wish you a lovely day too.


I am looking for a train from cambridge on monday.
Where is your destination, please?
My destination is Norwich. I am hoping I could catch a train after [15:15].
Will you be traveling alone?
Yes. I will be by myself. Looking for one ticket please.
TR9460 leaves cambridge Monday at 15:36, would you like to reserve a seat?
No, I just need the price and arrival time.
The price is 17.60 pounds, and travel time is 79 minutes. Do you need to reserve a seat?
Not at this time. Thanks for the information.
More specifically, the train arrives in Norwich at 16:55. If there is nothing more, thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Hi, can you help me find a college to visit?
There are 18 colleges in town you could visit. To narrow down the results, is there a certain part of town you're interested in?
I'm fine going anywhere in town. Which one would you recommend?
Id recommend [sidney sussex college] in the centre of town
Okay, great. Can I have the phone number and address please?
Of course. The phone number is 01223338800 and the postcode is cb23hu. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive [Indian] place.
There are 14 entries that match what you are looking for. What area of town would you like to eat at?
Which restaurant do you recommend?
Again, there are quite a few. Did you have a part of town in mind?
It can be in any part of town. I am just looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in an expensive price range. Perhaps you can suggest one?
Sure thing, I would suggest this one [curry garden].
Great. Can you reserve a table for six?
Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
In addition, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
No problem. What time do you need to arrive by?
make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time of the reservation.
Before we book your taxi, let's get your reservation for the restaurant. What day and time would you like your reservation for six?
Wednesday at [11:45] for the restaurant.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 5YS8WRTD .
Are you capable of emailing or faxing me the information for my own personal reference?
I am sorry we are unable to do that at this time
I am ready for the taxi now.
Your taxi is booked to have you at the restaurant by 11:45. The car is a red Volkswagen and their contact number is 07540260588. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you
Thank you for calling our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need a train arriving in Cambridge by [20:45].
There are many trains arriving at Cambridge by 20:45. Where would you be departing from, and on which day?
I will be departing from stansted airport on wednesday.
What time would you like to depart from Stansted airport?
The departing time is flexible, I just need to get to cambridge by 20:45 please and may I have the price as well?
I have a train arriving in in Cambridge at 5:52pm on that day. The price is 10.10 pounds. Will this work for you?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay.
Your train reference number is 4FQ0OYNJ . As for lodging, what type of establishment, price range, or area can I look for?
I would like a three star hotel that is expensive.
There are 2 hotels matching that criteria: [Gonville Hotel] and The Lensfield Hotel.
OK, I need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you tell me which of the two hotels are available then?
The Gonville Hotel is available, and your reference number is 7JS42213 .
Oh! Great. Thank you, that's all I need today.
I'm glad I could be of help, enjoy your stay!


Hello there! I am looking for a restaurant that specializes in [Swedish] food.
What area would you like?
Any
There is no Swedish restaurant. Would you like to change your query?
how about [asian oriental]?
Charlie Chan has cheap chinese food located on Regent Street City Centre, phone 01223 361763
Do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental?
There is the [Yippee Noodle Bar]. Would you like the address?
Yes please and the phone number as well. Thank you.
The address is 40428 King Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 518111.
Excellent. That is all I needed. Have a good evening and thank you!
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye!


I need a train leaving friday that will arrive by [16:30]
Certainly, there are plenty of options, the train that arrives closest to 16:30 arrives at 14:43. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
Sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to cambridge
Now that we've specified, we have one that arrives at 14:58, the TR6844. Does this still work?
I need booking for eight people if there is room. If so, book it and send a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 59LWLXZ4 . Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the north please
Certainly, there are 8 guesthouse type accommodations in the north area that are 4 stars. Does parking or wifi matter to you?
I am indifferent to parking but free wifi is a necessity.
All the selections have wifi, 7 of the 8 hotels are moderately priced, but one is in the cheaply priced range.
Great, book me one of those for 8 people. We'll stay from Friday for 5 nights. I'll need a reference number, please.
I booked you what you requested at the [avalon] hotel. Your reference number is J8LR3GIP . Can we help you with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I'm looking for a [modern european] restaurant that had a moderate price range.
The [riverside brasserie] matches what you're looking for. Will this work?
Yes, please. Reserve a spot for 1 at [16:00] on thursday.
I was able to book you, The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, your reference number is : GPMQ5NCV . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at stevenage.
There are 70 trains to choose from! Let's start narrowing that down. What day would you like to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by [12:30]
There is no train matching that descrioption
If nothing before 12:30 is there, what time are available?
I apologize. There is TR3043 that will depart at 11:21 and arrive at 12:10. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need to book for 1 please
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 23NZ1NPG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye
I've booked one ticket for you, the reference number is 6WUNBIGW .
Goodbye and thank you again.
You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.


Hello! I need a guesthouse to stay in, and I really need it to include free parking for my van. Can you help?
I sure can! There are 21 guesthouses in the city that include free parking. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 4 stars.
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is available and is 4 stars, would you like me to book this for you?
Perfect! I'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. We'll be staying for 3 nights.
You are booked into aylesbray lodge guest house. Your reference number is 744K1A1E . Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go. Are there any museums in town?
The Byard Art is a museum in the south located at 14 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj. Phone number 01223464646 and best yet, it is free!
Thanks, you've been extremely helpful. That's all I needed!
Great! Let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!


I am looking for a certain hotel. I think that it is called something like [Allenball]
Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Do you know if they offer free parking?
Yes, Allenbell has both free parking and internet and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the west
There are 13 great places you could visit. Do you have a particular attraction in mind? I would recommend a museum.
A museum sounds fun can I have the phone number and postcode for the one you recommend?
Sure. How about [Cafe Jello Gallery]. The postcode is cb30af and phone number is 01223312112.
Thanks, can you also book me a taxi?
Sure! Where do you need it to go and when will you need it?
To commute between both places, I want to leave the hotel at LEAST by [21:45].
Please look for a grey Audi. The contact number is 07213476873. What else can I help with today?
Okay thank you, that's all I needed.
You're welcome. Let me know if you end up needing anything else.


I am looking for somewhere to go in the centere of town.
there are lots of museums and churches to visit
Oh churches! Sometimes they are really beautiful inside. That sounds fun. Do you know of any that might be good?
How about holy [trinity] church? The entrance fee is free.
That sounds perfect. What is the postcode?
it is a type of a collage. postcode is cb21tq
Thanks. Is there a [british] restaurant near the church I can eat at?
There are 7 restaurants, would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I would like it to be moderate.
May I suggest The [Copper Kettle]? It's very popular.
That sounds great thanks so much.
Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please make a booking for 3 people at [11:45] for Thursday.
I have your reservations set for 11:45 Thursday for a party of 3 at The Copper Kettle. Your reference number is YEXS7GMQ . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help!
You are most welcome! Enjoy your visit!


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
Okay I found quite a few. What area would you like?
I need a cheap one that has free wifi.
I have 23 guesthouse that meet your requirements. Is there a price range or area of town you prefer?
Well I also would like free parking if that helps.
I have found 9. Would you like autumn house in the east? I can book for you.
Yes that one would be great. Can you book for saturday?
Sure. How many days would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
I need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.
I apologize but that guesthouse is unable to accommodate you. Would you like me to choose a different guesthouse or change the day?
Yes but one in the same price range.
I have booked [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. Your reference number is V3GA3K4Q . Is there anything else?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!
So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.


Can you help me find some [european] food in Cambridge?
There are 11 European style restaurants. What price ranges are you looking for?
Expensive price range. Please book it for 4 people at [18:15] on Monday
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will definitely need that.
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GDZZ5T1Y . Can I assist you further?
I also need a place to stay?
There are 33 hotels to choose from. Can we narrow this down? Are you interested in a particular part of town or specific price range?
I do not care about the area but I would like it to be expensive.
I have many to choose from. Do you have a preference for internet or parking?
Yes, I would like it to have internet.
I found 5 hotels matching your request. I would recommend Huntingdon Marriott Hotel located in the west. It has a 4 star rating.
How about price range? The hotel should also be very expensive. I won't settle for less and neither will Fi-Fi.
How about the [Gonville Hotel] which is centrally located? It has internet and is expensive.
That sounds perfect. Let's book it.
Alright! How many people will be staying starting what day?
4 people will be staying
On what day will you be checking in?
I will be staying on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : M6FRXJOV .
That is all, thanks.
Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.
There are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town. Do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food?
Either is fine, can you provide the address and phone number?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hello. Can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves [Korean] food? I need to know the address too.
[Little Seoul] is a nice restaurant that serves Korean food. The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
And what is the postcode?
The post code is C.B 2, 1.D P .
Thank you. Good bye
Thank you.


Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?
Sorry, but none of the guesthouses in Cambridge fall into the expensive price range.
I need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.
I have many options. What area of town would you like? That should help me narrow it down.
The area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?
Yes, there are 7 cheap guesthouses in that area. Were you looking for any other specific requirements?
recommend any and find me its postcode
Allenbell. Postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a [Chinese] place in the south? Do you know of anything?
There are three Chinese restaurants in the south, may I recommend The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway? They are a price range of expensive.
I need the price to be the same as the hotel, so I need a cheap restaurant as well. Are there any that fit this criteria?
Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
I feel like chinese would be good.
I would like to get a table at "the lucky star".


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to [da vinci pizzeria] and should depart from [the missing sock].
Do you know what time you would like to arrive?
By [02:00] please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black toyota Contact number : 07381507010
Perfect. That'll be all. Thank you so much for your help. Have a good day.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye


I need to book a taxi from [kirkwood house].
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07866666313. Can I do anything else for you today?
What type of car is it going to be?
The car arriving will be a white BMW.
I forgot something. I need to arrive by [21:00].
What will your destination be?
I'm going to [efes restaurant].
Is there anything else you need to know?


I'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a museum if possible.
There are 5 attractions what are of town would you prefer?
A museum located east side. Can I get the postcode, phone number and is there an admission fee?
There are four museums matching your criteria, 3 of them are free and one has an admission fee of five pounds. How about the Cambridge museum of Technology, their postcode is cb58ld, and the address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane.
Great, is that the free one? I also need someplace to eat in that same area.
There is a 5 GBP admission fee. [Cambridge Artworks] is free and located at 5 greens road with a postcode cb13ef and phone 01223902168. What type of food?
I am open to any suggestion, but I am looking for a fancy expensive restaurant. What would you suggest?
[Yu Garden] is a very nice Chinese restaurant on the east side of town.
Sounds good. Can you help me book at taxi from the restaurant to the Museum?
I sure can. Can you tell me what time you want your taxi to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I just need to leave Yu Garden by [5:45].
I was able to book that taxi. It is a Yellow Skoda and the contact number is 07277729993.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hi there, I'm hungry. Please help me find a cheap place that serves [the americas] food
Oh no! We don't have anywhere that matches that description. Is there something else I can do for you?
What kind of food is offered in the centre?
There is asian oriental, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, and spanish. Which would would you like?
Ooh, [mediterranean], please.
You'll love [the gardenia]. Can I book you a table?
Yes please book a table for 4 at [19:15] on wednesday
Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is RD7BJGH1 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.
What location will you be departing from?
Which location is best?
Any location is great there are many trains. Also what day and time do you need the train?
Actually, I need to depart from Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by [12:30] on Wednesday, please.
Okay! The latest train you can take leaves at [11:29]. Would you like to take that one?
It depends on what the travel time is. Do you have the travel time please?
The train will take 38 minutes between the two places.
Ok great that will work. Can you book it for me?
How many people will be taking the train?
I need 4 tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RQ2ETGPC .
Thank you, that's all I need today.
you are welcome. enjoy your day.


I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
What day would you like to depart? And where will you be heading?
I want to leave on Friday and go Cambridge.
Which station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Stevenage on Friday after [15:15]. How much will that cost?
There are 5 different trains for that day/time, but they are all 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's fine, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the [Curry Garden].
I found it would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant called curry garden.
Curry Garden is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town, located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp.
Thanks so much. You have been very helpful. That is all I'll be needing for today. Bye.
Okay enjoy your dining and your visit in Cambridge.


I have been hurt, I need to find a hospital nearby, and I need one with an [infusion] department.
Addenbrookes Hospital has infusion services. They can be reached at 01223245151.
Please call an ambulance.
I am unable to do that. I can phone the police, call you a cab, or book you an appointment at the hospital. How can I help you?
Don't worry about it.
Are you sure you don't want any more assistance?
Yes, that is all, thank you.
Ok, let me know if I can help you with anything else.


I would like to take a train to Cambridge that leaves on Friday.
What departure site and what time?
I'm leaving from Cambridge. Anytime after [15:00]. I'm actually going to Peterborough.
Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have a time to arrive by.
TR0112 leaves at 17:06 and will cost you 16.50 pounds. can we book?
Sure, that sounds good. I will have a party of 6.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PBZWH353 . is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I also want to go to a nightclub in the area. Can you help me with that?
I have the [club salsa] at 1 station road.
Thanks! what is the entrance fee?
5 pounds anything else?
No. I think that's all.
Okay, great! Have a nice day.


I'm looking for information on a restaurant called [mahal of cambridge].
It is a great Indian restaurant in the town centre. It's also cheap, so that is a plus.
Can you book a table for 4 on Tuesday at [17:30] for me? Thanks!
Ok you are booked and reference number is VON7Z83E .
Thanks for handling that. One more thing. I want to explore town and see an attraction. I love theatre.
Is there a particular area you're looking for a theatre in?
Are there any near the restaurant by any chance?
Yes, the restaurant is called mahal of cambridge you are booked for 4. Your reference number is VON7Z838 . Do you need anything else?


I'd like to know if there's a swimming pool to go to in the center of Cambridge?
[Parkside pools] is located in the centre of town.
Please get me their address.
Their address is Gonville Place. Phone is 01223446100.
Thank you appreciate the fast info. I am also looking for a guesthouse. Can you help me book it?
What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel in the centre by the pool.
There aren't any guesthouses that match your criteria in the center, however there are many in the north, south, east, and west. Would you like one of these areas instead?
North sounds good.
Sounds good there are 9 choices in the north but I recommend [avalon], would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.
Do you want me to book you at any hotel of my choosing?
You said the avalon..that sounds fine.
Done! The reference number is T1XHLK4I . Can I help you with anything else?
Lastly, I will need a taxi from the [Avalon] to to the [Parkside pools] by [24:30].
The car will be a grey honda and their contact number is 07399252807. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks a bunch. That's all. Goodbye
Have a good evening. Bye.


Can you help me find a train to cambridge?
Sure, what time would you like to arrive?
As long as I leave London Kings Cross after [21:15], I'm flexible with arrival time.
The TR1581 leaves at 21:17. Do you want to book it?
What is the arrival time for TR1581?
The arrival time is 22:08. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the price?
The price per ticket s 23.60. May I help you with anything else?
We want to have some fun !
Okay, there are lots of attractions in town. Do you have a preference on type or area?
Not really sure but I'd like it to be in the centre of town . Do you have any suggestions?
There's 44 attractions in the centre. I suggest old schools. It is an architecture attraction that is free
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address and phone number, please?
Would you like the information for all saints church?
Do you have their address?
The address of All Saint's Church is Jesus Lane. Old Schools is in Trinity Lane. I'm so sorry, I'm not sure which you wanted.
I just need the phone number of [All Saint's Church], and then I'll be all set.
The phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all actually. Thanks so much. See ya!
You are welcome. Before you go, do you need help with a restaurant or taxi?
No I rather enjoy walking. Thanks. Goodbye.
Great, please let us know if you need any further assistance. Good bye.


I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
There are 14 hotels for you to choose from. Is there a particular part of town you want to stay in?
No preference on the area, but I would like it to be a guesthouse, please.
I can book you at the [acorn guesthouse] if you would like! How many people will be joining you, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights from friday.
I was able to book your party of 3 into Acorn Guest House for 5 nights starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can I have the reference number please?
Your reference number is F2T8JUVW . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Friday leaving from Peterborough to Cambridge.
There are 38 trains traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Friday. Is there a particular time frame you are needing?
Yeah, could it leave after [21:30]?
Sure! TR4017 leaves at 21:48 and arrives by 22:38. Would that work for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Q2D4MZMU . Can I be of any further assistance today?
I believe that is all I needed. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome, have a fantastic day.


I gotta eat. Find me an expensive [modern eclectic] place please.
sorry no matches to your request. can we change the type of food
How about one that serve [gastropub] food?
I have two in the centre and one in the west. Do you have a preference in location?
The west would be perfect. I need a reservation for seven on Sunday at [13:45], please.
Your reservation is booked at The [Royal Standard]. Your reference number is WWZS2IUM .
Thank you. I am also looking for a hotel that is expensive and has 4 stars. I need it to include free parking.
How about University Arms Hotel in the Centre area?
May I have the phone number please ?
Yes, the number is 01223351241
Thank you so very much.
You are very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No that would be all.
Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre help. Have a great trip!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
All right, and how can I help with that?
I'd like to come by those high speed trains from Leicester
What day will you be traveling?
My travel day is Saturday. I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by [20:30].
The TR8070 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
No, not right now. What is the travel time, please?
starts from 05:09
Ok book for 1 please
The cost of your ticket will be 30.24 pounds
I also need a hotel in the west and should be in the moderate price range.
How many stars would you like?
The hotel should have a star of 3
[hobsons house] meets your requirements. Would you like to book?
Yes, for 2 people for 3 nights.
When would you like to arrive?
On Saturday please
Booking was successful.Reference number is : UAKXT244 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Awesome, thanks so much for your help! That is all I needed, have a good day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a nice day!


I need help with the train schedule, please.
I have almost 3,000 trains on schedule. What is your preferred departure day and time and arrival day and time?
I would need a train leaving Cambridge and arriving in Peterborough on Thursday at [15:45].
We have the TR4274 arriving in Peterborough at 15:56. Does that work?
That would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?
Of course. So just to confirm before booking, you are looking to travel from cambridge to peterborough on thursday before 16:00?
Before 15:45, yes for 6 people. Please send me the reference number. I am also looking for a hotel called Acorn Guest House.
I have booked TR8531 which arrives at peterborough at 1524. The reference number is PDLPM33D and 99 GBP is payable at the station.
I also am looking for a particular hotel called [acorn guest house]
The Acorn guesthouse is located in the north and is moderately priced. It has a 4 star rating with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book here?
Yes. I need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.
Okay, I have booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you, starting on Sunday, for 4 nights, for 6 people. Your reference number is K69IOQ1Z .
Thank you for your help! How much was that booking at the Acorn Guesthouse?
I'm sorry but it does not say. I would suggest calling the hotel and providing them with your reference number to find out.
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?
Sure, the phone number to Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I need right now. Goodbye.
No problem! Thank you for your business and I hope we see you again. Take care!


Hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?
There are not any with wifi. Would you like me to checked higher rated options?
No, thanks. Are you sure you can't find 1 star hotels?
I'm sorry, I double checked but there are not any 1 star rated hotels available. Can I help you find something else that may be suitable?
What about 4 star hotels?
Yes, there are quite a few. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
No. I don't have a price preference.
In that case, I would recommend [alexander bed and breakfast].
That sounds great can you book it for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and want to check in Wednesday.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is: VZPWHWLV . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I need a train on the same day leaving Cambridge
Okay! Where are you going?
i am going to cambridge
Okay, from where?
No thank you that will be all
Can I look up anything else for you today?
no that will be all.
All right. Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.


Help me reserve a taxi to take me to [kambar]
Sure! What is your departure site?
I need to leave from [lovell lodge]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter. I just want to leave there after [10:45]
Okay I booked your taxi successfully
Great, what are the details, please?
A white honda will be picking you up, the contact number is 07580557287. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.
Great. Have a wonderful day.


I'm looking for [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.
I was able to find it, would you like to book a room there?
Yes please, for 5 nights starting Sunday, there will be 8 people in my party.
All right, you have a reservation beginning Sunday for 5 nights for a party of 8 at Rosa's. Your reference number is 8E3J63R1 .
Great, thanks. I am also looking to book a train for this Friday. I am hoping to leave after [08:45].
What is your destination?
I'm headed to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.
There are 8 trains fitting your criteria. TR7057 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 09:59. Would you like to book this train?
Possibly, what time does it arrive at London Liverpool Street?
The 9:59 train leaves Cambridge and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 11:27.
What's the travel time on that trip?
It takes the TR7057 88 minutes to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
Thank you for your help, I'll pick up tickets at the station.
No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, I think that is it, enjoy your day!
Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!


I haven't had [German] food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it
I'm sorry, there aren't any German restaurants in the centre, would you like me to expand the search to other parts of town?
Sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too.
There aren't any options for German food for any area, I'm afraid. Would you like to try a different type of food?
is there one that serves [italian] food?
Yes, there is. What's your price range?
Expensive price range and I need a table for 7 at [13:00] on Thursday and the reference number.
your all set reference # is 79REVFJ1 . anything else today?
Yes I'm looking for a train to Cambridge that same day.
Ok great. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from kings Lynn.
and what time do you need to leave?
I just need to arrive by [10:30].
There are 5 trains that will get to Cambridge by 10:30. The earliest departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The latest one leaves at 09:11.
The 9:11 one is cool. I need to book for 7 people. Can I make sure to get the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H6VTWBV8 . What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, thats all i needed.
thanks for inquiring with us.
you're welcome, goodbye!
Goodbye and have a great day.


I need a taxi to get me to [magdalene college] no later than [12:15]
Ok, what is your destination?
I'm heading to Magdalene College, as I mentioned. I need to be retrieved from [Kings Lynn Train Station].
I booked it for you. They will be driving a black BMW and their contact number is 07894559856.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Your welcome, have a great day.
You have a good day too.
Thank you and goodbye.


Can I get some information on a train?
Sure! I'll be glad to find some information for you if you could provide me with your destination choice and the day you would like to depart.
I want to leave from Cambridge after [08:30].
Sure, I can find that information for you. Were will you be departing from?
I will departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stansted Airport. I need to find a train for Monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.
There is no train available on Monday for this time. Would you like to change your departure time?
Hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? All day?
I'm sorry for the confusion, there are actually 16 trains to choose from. They depart every hour beginning at 08:40 through 23:40. Do you prefer an early departure time?
I would like an early train, yes. As close to 8:30 as possible. I need tickets for 7 people.
Okay, I got you 7 tickets on the train leaving at 8:40. Your reference number is KVV4HJSU
Cool. Now I will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi
Sure thing, I found 2 hotels in the North matching that criteria. I recommend the [Ashley hotel] which offers free parking & WiFi. Would you like a reservation?
I sure would. Please book for the same number of people beginning on Friday for 3 nights Again, there are 7 of us.
I can't book it right now, do you want the phone number?
No. I need it booked. Please try again.
The booking was successful, reference number JVOL9ZA1 . Can I help with something else?
no thanks you've been great!
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Good bye!


Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?
Yes do you have the name of the hotel?
It's called the [University Arms Hotel].
It is in centre of town and has 4 stars and is priced expensive.
I'd like to book a few rooms for Thursday. Are there rooms available?
What nights are you looking to stay so I can check the availability?
I need 3 nights starting on Thursday. Should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.
I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4AHCO6OI .
Great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the south part of town. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
can you try entertainment ?
There are two entertainment attractions in the south. I suggest [n[usha]].
Okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also I want a taxi to take me there. It should leave the hotel by [10:30]. Give me car type and contact number
The post code for nusha is cb17dy. I'm checking on your taxi reservation.
Ok, thank you. I will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.
Booking completed! Expect a red Ford to pick you up at the hotel at 10:30. Their contact number is 07439027429. Can I assist you otherwise?
No, but thanks for all your help! Goodbye!
Have a great day!


Can you find me a hotel on the east side?
Sure, there are 7 entries for the eastside, 1 hotel and 6 guesthouses. Are there any special amenities you need or a price range you're looking for?
A 4 star establishment, if possible.
I have 6 guesthouses meeting that criteria. Do you have any other preferences, say a price range?
Try a moderate price range.
That narrows it down to three. A and B guesthouse, [Carolina bed and breakfast] and Warkworth house.
I'll take Warkworth house. I want to book it for 3 people and 3 nights on Wednesday.
Oh, no! There were no rooms available. would you like to find another hotel, instead?
Sure, either of the other 2 would be fine.
I was able to book at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is V6BZIIOC . Is there anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Please call again.


I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is a guesthouse.
What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the east side. Can you also make sure the guesthouse has free wifi?
We have five guesthouses in the east which are 4 star and offer free parking and free wifi. Do you have a price range you'd prefer?
Not particularly. Could you let me know what the price range is for the five guesthouses?
The rooms range from moderate to cheap, which would you prefer?
What is the name of the cheaply priced guesthouse?
There are three cheaply-priced guesthouses. Their names are Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House.
I guess any of them is good.
For how many nights and starting when?
Actually, there is no need to book for me. I can do that. But do you have any information on the [Museum of Classical Archaeology]?
Sure, the museum of classical archaeology is in the west, phone 01223335153, postcode cb39da, address sidgwick avenue, free to enter.
Awesome, that's all I need.
Excellent. Thanks for texting us.
Have a great day.
You have a great day as well.


Can you help me find a church in Cambridge? I think it's called [Holy Trinity Church].
Holy trinity church is located in the centre of town, they have free admission.
Ok. Thanks. That works.
Your welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to dine that is cheap and located in the city center.
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a type of cuisine you were looking for?
Chinese food. Actually [Cantonese] food.
I have no Cantonese restaurants, but I can definitely help you with a Chinese restaurant.
I'm not interested in Chinese. What about [Mediterranean]?
Yes, we have [The Gardenia]. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Please book me a table for 8 at [13:30] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EBC4APKQ .
Thank you that is all I needed today.
Great, thanks for your business in Cambridge and i hope you enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.
Enjoy your dinner.


I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.
Sure. There are six different options in that area. What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet. I just for sure want a 4 star place.
Might I suggest the [Autumn House]. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.
Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 544D87NG .
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?
Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.


I need some help finding an attraction. I have the name here.
Sure, what is the name you are looking for?
The place is called [peoples portraits exhibition at Girton College]. Could I get the area, postcode, and address for this?
It is in the West. Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Postcode cb3ojg. Do you need anything else?
What can you tell me about this hotel, the [bridge guest house]?
It is a located in the south area of town. It's a 3 star guesthouse with free internet and parking located at 151 Hills Road.
Sounds good I want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant please?
Sure, I have 57 options for you!
i feel like [chinese]
i can reserve at the the [good luck] chinese food takeaway which is an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Great! I need a table for 8 on Friday evening.
Is there a specific time in the evening that you would like?
How about at [18:45]?
Booking was successful. The Reference number is KVKIZQT9
Thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that's cheap.
I have a few cheap guesthouses in town, do you have a specific area that you would prefer to be in?
Yes, the west area, please.
I have one finches bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could you give me their address and postcode? And do they have free parking?
You can contact the finches bed and breakfast. their address is 144 thornton road, zipcode cb30nd. Parking is free.
thank you for all of your help
thank you for using this service goodbye


Hi, could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
I have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars, which area would you like me to search?
Thanks! You are so nice. I need the guesthouses in the west. It doesn't matters if there is not free parking.
I have one that fits. It's the Hobsons House located in the west. It's 3-star rated and offers free wifi and parking. It's also moderately priced. Would you like a room?
Yes, that all sounds good. I would like to book it.
I can definitely assist you, how many people are there and how many days will you need to be booked for.
I just need the phone number and postcode from the Hobsons.
Their number is 01223304906 and the postcode is cb39lh. Anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. Good bye.
You're welcome! Goodbye!


I need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves [Indian] food.
[Tandoori Palace] is on the west side. Would you like me to book a table?
That would be wonderful, yes please.
Alright. Can you give me more information on your party?
Please give me their address first.
Certainly, they are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, would you like me to book you now?
I also will need a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.
What time would you like the train to be for?
I would like a train to leave after [10:30] on Saturday.
We have five trains leaving around that time, do you have a time that you need to arrive by?
No, I am just looking for a train that leaves after 10:30, as close to 10:30 as possible.
Okay, the train you want is the TR5669, which leaves at 11:01.
Could you book that for 3 people please? I'd also like to get the reference number.
Sure, your reservation number is OWUZBV5P . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.


Hello there, please find me a restaurant on the West side that serves [scandinavian] food
There are no restaurants of that type available in the west. Would you prefer to try a different area or a different type of cuisine?
How about [indian] cuisine then?
There are 6! What price range would you like?
The price range doesn't matter but I would like to make a reservation at one you may recommend.
I recommend the [Meghna]. It has moderate pricing and great food. Will that be satisfactory?
Yes. That will do just fine. Can you reserve me a table for 5 people on Friday at [13:15] please?
The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TE8OOTZC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on saturday?
We show 19 trains going to birmingham new street from cambridge. Do you have a preference as to the time?
I do need to get there by [08:30]. Can you tell me the travel time for that route?
TR4975 will get you there by 07:44 leaving cambridge at 05:01. Travel time is 163 minutes cost is 60.08 pounds. Would you like me to book seats for you?
No I don't nee it booked yet. Thank you for all the help.
Thank you for spending time in Cambridge, hope you have a pleasant stay.


I need to find a train that goes to London Kings Cross from Cambridge please.
What day would you like to travel and when would you want to leave?
I need to leave on Thursday after [17:30].
The earliest departure I have for Thursday from cambridge to london kings cross leaves at 19:00. Will this suit you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book me for five people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is Z5QW0890 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like help in locating a place to go in town. A college in the east part of town.
There are no colleges in the east area of town. Would you like to check a different area or different type of attraction?
Yes, are there any museums in the east area?
4 museums located in the east area. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Do any interest you?
Yes could I have the address, telephone number and postcode of the [Cambridge Museum of Technology]?
They are located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane cb58ld phone number 01223368650
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Have a great day.


I am trying to book a train to broxbourne. Can you help me?
Yes I can. When will you be traveling?
I need to arrive by [15:00] on wednesday and depart from cambridge please.
TR8300 Departs at 05:01, would that work for you?
Yes - could you make a reservation for 3 people and provide me the reference number?
Three people are booked. The reference number is 9W4723ZW . The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a cheap price range.
We have 3 for you. All are guesthouses and located in the east. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. All have 4 stars and offer free wifi & parking.
Excellent. That's all I need thanks.
Are you sure I can't help you with a booking or more information about one of the hotels?
Actually, yes. Can you give me the address and postcode for [Autumn House]?
The address is 710 newmarket road and the postal code is cb58rs. May I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Ok, if you need any further assistance, feel free to contact us again at any time. Have a wonderful day.


I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.
We have many excellent and expensive restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Not exactly. However I would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north.
We have [Saigon City], offering Asian Oriental cuisine. Phone: 01223356555 address: 169 High Street Chesterton, and postcode: cb41nl.
Great I also am looking for an attraction called [club salsa].
I found the place you are looking for! Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes I also will need the entrance fee for Club Salsa, and what type of attraction is that?
[Club Salsa] is a nightclub, entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you! I also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. I want to leave by [11:30].
Taxi has been booked, a white audi will be picking you up at the restaurant, contact number is 0735045835. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, you've been a great help!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Please call us back if you have any other questions!


I am seeking a restaurant that serves [British] food in the centre.
I have about 7 different options for you. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced one.
There are 4 restaurants that match that criteria which are Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and Cotto. Which one would you be interested in?
I would like [the oak bistro].
Great choice. It is at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, table for 2 at [13:30] on Friday. If not available then Tuesday. Need reference number as well.
I made the booking for Friday. Your reference number is 0Z3UX3DM . Do you need anything else?
I'd also like a nightclub to go to in the same area as the restaurant.
There are 5 nighclubs in the centre. Would you like more information on them?
Yes can I get the phone number of one you'd recommend?
ballare's phone number is 01223364222. Can I get you anything else?
No, we are all set, thanks for making this trip easier.
It was my pleasure to be of service. Goodbye.


Can you help me find an attraction in the west part of town?
What type of attraction are you looking for?
a park for kids or a mini mall ?
In the west there are no parks. But there are colleges, museums, and an entertainment place called [Whale of a Time] if you are interested.
please get me the postcode. I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking.
The post code for Whale of a Time is cb238el. The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs perfectly. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is that a four star hotel?
Yes, the [Cambridge Belfy] is a 4 star hotel in the west area.
What is their address and phone number?
The phone number is 01954714600 and the address is back lane cambourne.
Perfect, that is all I need to today! Thank you.
Thank you. Goodbye


Hi, I could use help with my planning. I am trying to find a place to stay.
Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.
We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?
They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?
Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.
Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ . Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. I want to leave after [10:15] on tuesday.
I have train TR0517 that leaves at 11:54. Would that be something that would work for you?
That's perfect. Could I get the train ID and travel time?
The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You're very welcome! Thank you! Bye!


I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [brazilian] food.
There are no mathcing records found for that request
How about [Spanish] or [Portuguese] food?
There are no matching records found for that request.
I would like to try [indian] food in the north part of town.
[Royal Spice] is an Indian restaurant in the north of town, and is in the cheap price range.
I would like their phone number and address, please.
Their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton C.B 4, 1 E.H
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!


Hi, could you help me find a train going to Cambridge?
Where and when are you departing from?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross after [14:15].
What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Arrival time is not important. I just need to leave after 14:15. I will need the train ID and the price, please.
I think you'd like TR8842 train, it costs 23.60 pounds.
Thanks, it would be helpful if you also told me what time TR8842 leaves. Anyhow, I just got paid. Can you find me a high-end eatery serving [European] cuisine?
Train TR8842 leaves london kings cross at 15:17 on friday and arrives at cambridge at 16:08. Can I provide you more information or book it for you?
No thank you. I'll just need the address for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.
which side of town is most appropriate for you?
I don't have a preference really, please recommend one.
How about the [eraina] located at [Free] School Lane City Centre. Would you like reservations?
no. i just need the address
its address is 01223368786. is that it?
I'm sorry, but I think you gave me the phone number. I need the address, please.
Sorry! As I said, it's at Free School Lane City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.


What's a good mid price restaurant?
Is there a specific part of town or type of food you're interested in?
I would like [Catalan] food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range. Would you like to try something else?
How about [Spanish] food?
[La tasca] serves Spanish food and is in the moderate price range.
Could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street. The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
thank you, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Bye.
Call us again! Goodbye.


I'd like to find a place to go that's in the centre.
I can help you with that what type of Attraction would you like to go too?
Any type is fine, I'm not picky.
I recommend visiting [All Saints Church]. The architecture is amazing.
Excellent. What's the address there?
It is located on Jesus Lane, you can't miss it. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm going to need transportation to town. I'll need it on Wednesday from Stevenage.
I can help you with that, too. Are you looking for a train or a taxi?
I'm looking for train departing Stevenage and going to Cambridge to arrive by [17:30]p.
Train TR9448 will have you in Cambridge by 6:43. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What is the travel time and departure time for TR9448?
TR9448 departs at 05:54 and has a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like to book this train?
Not right now. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you!
Thank you! Let us know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to arrive by [19:30].
We have the TR9933 train arriving at 18:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
That train is leaving from Cambridge on Sunday, correct?
With your new criteria, that train won't work anymore, but there are other options. What is your preferred departure time?
The departure time is of no concern, but I need to arrive on sunday in ely at 19:30 please.
TR2475 arrives in Ely at 08:07. Would you like any more information about this route or assistance booking a ticket?
Great. I need it booked for 6 people and could you give me the reference number. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town.
Your train is booked for 6 people. The total fee is 21.12 GBP, which is payable at the station. Anything else I can help with?
I also am looking for an attraction to go to in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions available, do you have a preference to the type of location?
Yes, in the centre of town.
Are you most interested in free attractions?
That would be fine. What is the name and address of one of those attractions?
[Castle Galleries] is a museum in the centre of town that has free admission.
Please give me their address
Sure, the address of Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Great, thanks. That's all I need.
It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!


I am interested in the [Express by Holiday Inn - Cambridge].
it is located in the east and 2 star rated. has both internet and parking. it is expensive. you can reach them on 01223866800.its postal code is cb13Ih located in 15-17 norman way coldharms business park
I want to book 3 nights there, please.
How many people and on what day?
Three days starting from Saturday, for 6 people.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is : 4LQXEJ9H . Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Can you tell me a little bit of info on [the Cambridge Corn Exchange]? It's supposed to be an attraction place or something.
It's a theatre in the centre of town on wheeler street, postcode cb23qe. The phone number is 01223357851 and the entrance fee is unknown. Do you need anything else?
What type of attraction is this? Maybe I'll call them and find out the entrance fee.
The Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre.
Thank you for your time!
Yeah, you are welcome.I was happy to help.


I need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 4 star rating and includes free wifi.
I have many options for you! Is there a certain area you need, or a certain price range?
I would like to stay in the north area and I have a moderate price range. Do you think you can help me?
I have many options. do you have a preference for parking?
Yes, I would like free parking.
Ok, there is [acorn guest house] as well as 5 others for you to choose from.
That will be fine can I get the information for them please.
The Acorn guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and the phone is 0122335388. Shall I book a room for you?
Not yet, I'm also looking for a place to eat [Chinese] food. I need it in the moderate price range as well.
I have 4 options available. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
I want one that serves Chinese food, one that's in the same area as the acorn guesthouse.
the [golden wok] is the only one. When would you like the table and for how many?
I need the address please
Of course, the address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would this restaurant work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks for your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you so much, have a great day.


Yes I am looking for a train to arrive by [20:45] that is leaving Cambridge.
Is there a specific date of travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Sunday.
And where you you like to leave from and go to ?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn, to visit my sister! Haven't seen her in forever.
TR3212 Leaves at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, for six people. I will need the reference number. Thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.04 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : L5RUWCHN .
I will also need a place to stay. A guesthouse and it should include free wifi .
Okay, I can look that up for you. Did you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.
I can see if there are rooms available at [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in Centre. They are cheap, have free parking as well as free internet.
Sounds great, can you give me their phone number?
Their number is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I wanted to go swimming later on today. I need some help finding a pool.
Do you have a location preference?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the west.
I'm sorry. There are no swimming pools listed in that area.
Ah okay. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?
Yes there are 5 colleges in the area. Do you have one in mind?
Please recommend a good one to me in that area. I need the address and phone number for it as well please.
I suggest magdalene college. It's on magdalene street and phone number is 01223332138
thanks, i'm also looking to stay at a guesthouse.
There are quite a few guesthouses, If you want to stay in the west [Finches B&B] is an inexpensive choice in that area. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book that for 1 person for 4 nights starting friday.
There are no available bookings currently. Would you like me to book something else?
Please choose another inexpensive guesthouse in the same area.
I'm sorry but it looks like there are no hotels/ guesthouses matching that criteria in the West. Do you have another area in mind?
Okay, maybe I should begin again. I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Are there any available?
Yes, there are 11 guesthouses in the north. All but 1, have a moderate price range. One has a cheap range. Most have free internet and free parking.
is there one with a star or 4 among them?
[Kirkwood House] has a moderate rate with 4 stars if you are interested. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please just my lonely little self for 4 night starting on Friday.
All set, the reference number is 17W8F55L, any other questions?
No, that is all. You have been very helpful. Thanks so much. Bye.
Have a nice day.


I need a train that leaves this Thursday from Cambridge to Ely.
I have 10 trains to Ely Thursday, leaving on the :50 every two hours from 05:50 to 23:50. Did you have a particular time in mind?
I need to leave after [17:45] so anytime after that would be great.
I have train TR7355 from Cambridge departing at 17:50 and arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would this train work for you or would you like a later departure?
That's great. I'll need 3 tickets, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WDETDX35 .
I apologize this train is going to broxbourne from cambridge. for 3 people are you able to book that?
Sure, do you still need the train on Thursday after 17:45?
Yes, that's Broxbourne to Cambridge on Thursday, leaving after 17:45.
When would you like to arrive?
Sorry. I really need to be leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne, leaving after 17:45 on Thursday. Arrival time doesn't matter.
How about TR9890? It departs Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 19:01. It is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, please. I will need the reference number when you are finished.
Your booking was a success. The total fee for 3 tickets is 53.70 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is TSUJXVYU . Is there anything else I can do?
No that will do , cheers.
Thank you, good bye.


I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.
Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.
Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after [14:45].
What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.
I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.
Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
You should have replied with the booking information. Please book this now or get me a manager.
Booking was successful! The reference number is: Z8267UZK . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.
We have many fine options, but I recommend the [Acorn Guest House] in the north. Moderately priced, but 4 stars!
That'll work. Please book it for 6 people for 5 nights. We'll check in on Thursday
The booking for The Acorn Guest House was successful. Your reference number is 0TLAGN37 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse, I do an online business, so I will need free wifi.
There are 23. What part of town would you like to stay in?
a star of 4 and should include free parking in the North part of town
I have the [Kirkwood House] in the north. It's located at 172 Chesterton Rd. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book that for 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and give me the reference number on it.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is CX1Y5225 .
Thank you. Are there any [Chinese] restaurants in the centre of town?
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the town centre. What price range were you looking at?
I'm definitely looking for someplace cheap.
i would recommend [golden house] in 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. can i book for you?
no, just tell me the address and phone number.
The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, phone number 01842753771
Could you also book a taxi for me from the guest house to the restaurant?
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by [05:45].
So you want to go from the restaurant to the guesthouse at 5:45?
Yes, please, I would like a taxi from the restaurant to the guesthouse.
Ok I've booked you a blue bmw to leave Kirkwood house at 5:45 going to Golden House. Contact number:07124998798
Cool, thanks for your help.
you are welcome and thanks for choosing us
No problem. That's all I needed too. So, bye.
welcome anytime you need use


Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request. To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range. Something with 4 stars. Area doesn't really matter to me.
[Archway House] is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?
Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is A16QWFWX . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.
i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday sometime after [16:15].
Booking was successful. Reference number is : A16QWFWX . is that fine with you?
yes and thank you that will be all
Have a great day!


looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range
Is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind?
Yes, I would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese food restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 354755.
Thank you!
Thank you, and have a good day.


Hello, I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I see 32 places have free wifi. To narrow it down, is there a particular side of town or a pricerange you're looking for?
I'd like a place on the west side in the moderate price range.
I am showing one guest house that meets your criteria. It's the Hobsons House at 96 Barton Road. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you. I'm not ready to book just yet. I just wanted the information. That's all I need for now. Good-bye.
You're welcome. Let us know if there's anything more you need and we'll be happy to help you. Have a good day!


I need to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi
There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I'll definitely need something on the cheap side.
I have at least two properties matching your requirements and both are considered 4 star hotels. Would you like me to book one of them?
Are either of them located on the south side of the city?
Yes, two of them are. Aylesbray lodge guest house and rose's bed and breakfast
Okay, please book 4 nights for 4 starting tuesday
Which hotel would you prefer me to book?
[rose's bed and breakfast]
Booking was successful.Reference number is : MCCKYP80 .
Thank you! I don't require any further help.
Sounds great! have a nice day!


Can I have the contact information for the [Fitzbillies Restaurant].
Contact information for Fitzbillies Restaurant is telephone number 01223352500
thank you get for that. i will give them a call.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I am also looking for a train. I'd like to leave on monday, heading to cambridge.
There are over 202 trains that arrive in cambridge on monday. Might I help find the best train by asking where you wish to depart from?
I would like to depart from ely.
There are 10 trains going to Cambridge from Ely on Monday. Is there a certain time you would like to depart by?
Yes, I'd like to depart any time after [21:45]. Do any trains fit that time frame? If so, could I have the train ID, travel time, and when it will arrive?
There is one train leaving after 21:45 on monday. It is TR4724, leaving at 23:52 for a duration of 17 minutes, arriving at 23:52.
What would the price be for that train?
Correction I apologize TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives by 23:52. It's price is 4.40 pounds by the way. Let's find one leaving after 21:45.
Train TR4724 is fine. What is the travel time?
The travel time is 17 minutes. Will that be okay?
So TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives at 23:52 correct? If so that would be fine.
That is correct. How many tickets will you need?
I can go ahead and book on my own, thanks. Thank you for the info. That was all I needed for today.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Are there any [Asian] restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes, I have 4 places ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like an expensive price range
There is one, the [Kymmoy]. It is at 52 Mill Road City Centre, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 3 people at [20:00] on Friday.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is 8JYOL10R . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving from Norwich and arriving at [08:30].
What is your destination and what day would you be traveling?
I would be going to Cambridge and traveling on Friday.
the TR9900 arrives at 06:35 on friday from norwich to cambridge.
That sounds great, can you book us tickets for the same group of people, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 46D44UUR . Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for choosing the help desk. Have a wonderful day.


Can you help get tickets for a train on Tuesday?
Absolutely! Where will you be heading?
I need to go to Cambridge from Stevenage after [10:45].
On Tuesday there is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge at 10:45


Hello. Can you please recommend a [Korean] restaurant for me?
[Little Seoul] is a Korean restaurant in the epensive price range. It is located in the centre area.
What is their phone number
the phone number is 01223 308681
What is the address?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!


I am looking for a park east of town with a playground.
Cherry Hinton Water Play is a park which matches your requirements, would you like directions?
could you kindly tell me of the entrance fee?
It's free to enter!
Perfect, I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant. Can you help me with that too?
May I suggest Rajmahal, it is an Indian Restaurant in the same area as the Park you will be visiting. Shall I provide you with more information?
Does it serve North African or [bristish] foods?
It serves Indian food. Would you like me to search for North African or British?
British food please and thank you
I only have [italian] food in that area.
Ok that will have to do then. Please give me the reference number and have the taxi commute between both places, car type and contact info please.
Where do you want to leave from? The park or the restaurant? What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would only require arriving to the restaurant by the booked time.
We have actually not completed a restaurant booking yet. Can you repeat your criteria as it got a little confusing before. Once I reserve it, we can do the taxi.
I want [British] food at a moderate price.
There are no British restaurants.
[North American] food? I need a reservation for 7 at [1[9:30]] on Friday. Also a taxi to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, car type and contact number.
What time would you like to leave?
I just need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Okay your booking is as follows: a white Tesla will pick you up and your contact number is 07715015033. .
Thank you. That is all I need.
There are several British food places at moderate price in centre town and one in the west. Should I recommend one and which area do you prefer: centre or west?


I am looking for a hot nightclub around the centre.
There are five nightclubs in the centre. Is there another way I can narrow it down?
Please recommend one that sounds interesting, and give me the entrance fee, address, and postcode.
The [club salsa] is located on 1 station road. The postcode is cb12jb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere to eat, preferably on the cheap side and serving [eritrean].
I am unable to find anything that matches is there something else you would like to eat
How about [Chinese] food?
There are a few to choose from. [Charlie Chan] could be good, it's also in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please. Book it for 6 people on Monday at [15:15].
I'm so sorry, but they were unable to accommodate that day and time. Would you like to try for a different time slot or another day?
Yes,what is another good time available for Tuesday night?
I have tried different restaurants and different times for Monday, but there doesn't seem to be availability. Would you like another day or maybe a different food type?
Could you try it for [14:15]? Any cheap Chinese place will do, it doesn't have to be in the centre.
No problem, I have you booked for 6 people at [T[he Lucky Star]] on Monday, at [14:15]. Your reference number is VU6VN1X4 . Anything more?
I would also like to book a taxi to go from the nightclub to the restaurant, arriving by the reservation time.
Alright, I have booked your taxi to go between the two destinations. You will be riding in a Black Toyota. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I get the contact number for the taxi company as well please?
The contact number of the taxi is 07791994031. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You're are very welcome. Have a great day.


Could you help me find a restaurant? I am looking for a place that serves quality [Italian] food an affordable price. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide.
There are several italian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like cheap or moderate price range, and do you have a preference as to the part of town?
It should be cheap and in the west.
[la margherita] is cheap and in the west
That will work for me. Can you book it for [16:30] on wednesday for 6 people? I'd also like the reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E2AMPTJ6 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a place to stay in the West. The hotel has to have free parking too.
There are four places that meet those criteria. Is there a particular price range you'd prefer?
I would like it to be a cheap place, I also need free wifi.
What day would you like to check in?
I just am looking for the star rating, phone number, and address of one and don't need a reservation at this time.
I have the Cambridge Belfry hotel with a 4 star rating and a guesthouse called finches bed and breakfast also with 4 stars.
Great thank you so much!
You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a hotel in the west, internet is optional.
Are you looking for it to be cheap or expensive?
I am looking for it to be cheap.
I have the [cambridge belfry] on the west side with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is that a hotel type place to stay?
Yes, it is. I'll be happy to make a reservation for you.
Alright, book that for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
The only cheap hotel I can find is [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. It is a guesthouse though. Will that be fine?
Yes please and I need the reference number
It is done. You're reference number is 143ZF1M5 . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.
Okay Enjoy your stay then.


I'm looking for a hotel in the south, I don't need a free parking option.
Sure, do you need a hotel room or would you like a guesthouse?
It doesn't really matter to me.
Are you looking for a particular price range?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range.
We have [the Lensfield hotel] in the south that is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation there?
Sure, I need 3 nights arriving on Saturday. There are 7 of us.
I am sorry, I could not get that booked for you maybe another day or a shorter stay perhaps?
How about 1 night?
I was able to successfully book for 1 night. Your reference number is GS8AHUYB . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that serves [Italian] food.
The [pizza hut cherry] hinton features italian food and is located in the south.
OK, can I get theie phone number and postal code?
The phone number is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!
You are welcome, have a great day!
I hope that you have a great day as well!
Thank you, if you need anything else just ask.


I need to book a taxi to arrive by [06:45] to go to [ADC Theatre].
Okay, what is your departure site?
I need to be picked up from [Wagamama].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black lexus Contact number : 07069964497


Im up north, whats the address for a [mediterranean] place around here?
What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.
There are no Mediterranean location in the north part of town. However there is an International place call the Bloomsbury restaurant.
What about mediterranean in any part of town?
There are three Mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer an expensive or a cheap restaurant?
Price doesn't matter, I would like the address, phone number and the postcode please
La mimosa serves Mediterranean food. Their phone number is 01223 362525, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
That sounds good. Thank you.
you're welcome. Good bye


Hi, could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest [Mexican] restaurant?
Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye.
your welcome good bye


Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by [21:30].
Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.
Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi. Can you assist me with that?
Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.
I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington [Marriott Hotel]. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book the hotel for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights.
Booking was successful your reference number is : ZK23HSL9 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all for today. You've been a great help. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you goodbye


Hello I would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount.
[Prezzo] is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes and the address.
Their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road.


I'm looking for a place to stay, I would need wifi, and would prefer moderate pricing?
We have acorn guest house that should fit your needs.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It has to have 0 stars
There is [cityroomz] hotel, is the centre of town an okay area?
Is that a zero star place?
That is indeed a 0 star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
No, I am also looking for a [Chinese] restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.
The [yu garden] is a good place. May I reserve a table for you?
What area is it?
529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
What side of town is the restaurant on. Is it in the centre?
Yu Garden is an expensive place on the east side of town.
Thank you. That should be all of the information I need.
Thank you, please contact us again if you need any other information. Have a good day!


Hi. Can you help me find a train?
I sure can! Do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to broxbourne.
Ok. What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from cambridge.
Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave at [20:15]. There will be 8 people traveling with me.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZKT87GL0 .
Can you also help me find some information on a restaurant? It is called [Pizza express].
Is that just Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
Just Pizza Express please.
Pizza express is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the centre. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please, 8 people at [12:30] on Tuesday.
I can't make that reservation right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try for Thursday then?
Ok! You're booking was successful. Your reference number is 662ALFUF . Anything else I can do?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
I am always happy to assist! Bye!


I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the south.
Do you have a food type preference? The choices are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Is there any [Morrocan] food?
No, sorry. There are no morrocan restaurants in the south. Would you like to expand to another area?
I would be interested in [Indian] food.
taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south. would you like any other info? or to book it?
That place sounds great. Can I get the phone number please?
Sure! The phone number to the Taj Tandoori is 01223412299. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thanks so much. Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services. Goodbye.


Hi, I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive range.
Actually we don't show an expensive guesthouse in the database. What area are you interested in? Can I interest you in an expensive hotel?
Yes. I would like a hotel with free parking.
I do not show any results meeting that criteria. Would you be interested in a 4 star hotel instead?
no thanks, what about something in the moderate range?
My apologies. We actually have several expensive hotels with free parking. For example, the [Gonville Hotel] is in city centre and has free parking.
That would be fine can you give me the address, postcode and phone number please?
The address is gonville place and the postcode is cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223366611
Great, thanks. I need a train as well - it needs to leave on friday after [17:45].
Where will you be departing and what is your destination?
I'd like to leave on friday after 17:45. From birmingham new street going to cambridge
The TR8903 departs at 18:40 and arrives at 21:23.
Please book it for 4 people.
You and your party are booked on TR8903. Your reference number is TGU3C02J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be everything today.
Thank you for contacting us, if you need further assistance do not hesitate to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
You to, thanks for the help!
Thank you. Good bye.


I'm looking for a hotel called [city centre north b and b]
May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?
They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.
And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by [14:00].
Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge from broxbourne.
TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?


I need to find a place called [Royal Spice] in Cambridge. It is a restaurant, can you help me?
Yes. It is an Indian restaurant in the North, the phone number is 01733553355 and it is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Can you please provide the full address?
Yes, the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton cb41eh. May I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train going to Cambridge from birmingham new street.
What day are you departing and do you have a time preference?
The train should leave on Friday after [19:00]
The earliest train after 19:00 is TR9704 leaving at 19:40. Would you like a ticket?
I do not think I want to book at this time. Thank you for all your help.
It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day!


I want to go all out this St Patricks day, can you find me an [Irish] restaurant? Lets go with an expensive one.
Sadly, there aren't any.
How about an expensive [Mexican] restaurant then?
Sure. There is [Chiquito] Restaurant Bar in the south. Would you like the address? Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the phone number for now?
Yes certainly, it is 01223400170.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains from cambridge to london kings cross.
When would you like to travel?
I need to leave after [09:00] on saturday
TR2138 leaves exactly at 09:00 on Saturday. Would you like to book a ticket?
yes please book for 5 people
Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YTQP8ST . Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
Okay, enjoy your trip! Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [japanese] food and should be in the centre.
There is one restaurant called [wagamama] that fits your needs.
I'd like somewhere expensive, is it?
Yes it is.
Then that will be good. I need a reservation for 4 on Friday night please.
What time would you like to dine?
I'd like to eat at [17:30]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FFAIB546 . Can I be of any other assistance today?
That is it, thank you.
we appreciate you using our services.


I am traveling to Cambridge and would like to find a local restaurant. I want to arrive by train [at noon].
Hi there, let's start with the train arrival, where would you be travelling from?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Norwich on Sunday
There are trains every hour on the :16 that will get you there by noon, beginning at 5:16. Which would you prefer?
How about 7:16? What is the price?
TR4202 is the one that leaves at 7:16 and it costs 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a place to dine for the night. Do you have any suggestions?
My recommendation would be the Ugly Duckling, a Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Is the restaurant moderately priced? If so, please book a table for 5 at [18:00] and send me the reference number.
No, I'm sorry the ugly duckling is in the expensive price range. The copper kettle serves british food and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation for it?
The [copper kettle] will be fine. Yes please book a reservation.
Sure thing! Your table is reserved. Your reference number is OY2LNXFW . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
Goodbye and have a good day.


I am looking for a hotel by the name of [home from home].
Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.
I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday. The reference number is : SV1VVPV4 . Is there anything else you need?
That will do it. Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by [11:45].
Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?


I want a moderately priced restaurant.
what part of town would you like?
The south part of town.
There is an Italian restaurant and one that serves Modern European. Which would you like?
No preference. You choose one please.
How about the [Pizza Hut] Cherry Hinton?
What is the address and phone number?
The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 323737.
good bye
good bye


I need a taxi to take me today to [camboats]
Okay, where is your departure site?
[kings hedges learner pool]
Great. and now I will just need a time from you please
I want to arrive by [02:45].
I have booked you a blue audi with contact number 07255776269.
Fabulous. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!
Can I do anything else for you today?


I am looking for information on a nightclub in the south.
I have one listing for a nightclub [called,"the place]".
Okay. Could I get the address, postcode, and phone number for that one?
It is located on 22 Sidney Street. The phone number is 01223324600. Can I be of further assistance?
i need the postcode too
it is located on Sidney Street and the postcode is cb23hg
I need car type and contact number
Ok i will find you one and send you.thanks


Hello, I am looking for some places to go in the centre of town.
There is a lot to do in the centre. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see or do?
I was thinking something related to multiple sports
We don't have any multiple sports facilities in the centre of town. Do you want to look for something else?
How about a theatre? I think we would enjoy seeing a show!
May I recommend [Cambridge Arts Theatre] located in the centre of town?
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee please?
I don't have any information about admission, but you can call them to get more information. The number is 01223503333. The address is 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj
Ok. I also need info on the restaurant [Darrys cookhouse and wine shop].
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a modern European restaurant located in the centre of town. It's in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table for 7 on Friday at [18:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BT75ESXM . Can I help you with anything else?
I don't think so. Thanks for all your help.
Hope you have a great time during your trip.
That was so nice of you to say thanks so much.
You're very welcome! Take care!


I meed a moderately priced place to stay.
I have found a list of hotels with a moderate price range, what area, type, star of the hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east. It should have a 4 stars and I would also like free wifi please.
There are 3 guesthouses that meet those requirements I recommend [warkworth house]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! 5 of us will be staying for 3 nights, and we're arriving on Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FGTT1OBZ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train.
I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like to travel and where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Bishops Stortford the same day I arrive at the hotel. I need to arrive close to [19:30].
I have a train that arrives in cambridge by 18:07. It would be helpful to know your destination so I can serve you better.
The train should leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge and arrive by 19:30.
thank you i think you should prepare before departure thank you


I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.
We have two options that meet those criteria, do you have additional requirements or would you like me to suggest one for you?
I just need a hotel with this criteria.
you can choose from either the gonville hotel or the lensfield hotel.
I would like the [Gonville Hotel]. Can you make booking for me for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday? Thanks
Ok I will book it for you for 6 people
Can I get a reference number for the Hotel, please?
You're all set, ref# CM4QWR6X . Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.
I'm glad I could help. Have a good day!


I'm looking for an expensive [vietnamese] place to eat, can you help me find one?
It doesn't look like there are any expensive Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Are there any [British] food joints?
[Graffiti] is in the west part of town in the expensive price range, would you like to book that?
Yes, please book a table for 6 on Thursday.
What time shall we make that booking for?
Make it for [11:15] and please give me a reference number.
Alright, your table for 6 has been booked for Graffiti for Thursday at 11:15. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please have the reference number as well for the booking?
Of course, the reference number is 1JR8K2OP . May I assist you with anything else?
No that is all, thank you very much.
You are very welcome. Please feel free to contact us in the future. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel in the south.
i have along list. can you specify the kind of food you want?
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi. It should be in the cheap price range, like a guesthouse.
I recommend [Rosa's] bed and breakfast, it is in the south, offers internet and is inexpensive. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CYBPDKAZ .
Great! I am also looking for a [Tuscan] restaurant, are there any in the same price range as the bed and breakfast?
I am sorry I don't have any Tuscan restaurants in that price range. Can I try a different price range?
No Tuscan restaurants? I also like [Italian] food. Anything in the cheap price range?
I have options in the centre, north and west areas. Do you have preference on the area?
No, you can just choose the one you think is best. And then I'll want to book it for 8 people on monday at [18:00]. Give me reference number please
[Pizza Hut City] servers Italian and is cheap. Its in the center of town. Its address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I please have the reference number?
Your table is reserved under Ref PHEI0U6B . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all. Thank you.
You are welcome enjoy.


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
The Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd. Do you need me to call the [emergency department] at 01223217118 for you?
No thanks, I can make it. Is 01223217118 the postcode?
No, that is the phone number. The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you that is all I needed.
You are welcome. Please call us again if there is anything else we can do to help you.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [cityroomz]
Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
That's great. Would you book 5 nights for 3 people, please?
What days will you need the reservation for?
book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 1UT4DOFP .
Thanks, that is all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome and have a great stay.


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre and is expensive. It's address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Is there any [chinese] restaurants around?
Yes there are a few. Can I recommend [Tang Chinese]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have availability on Sunday at [13:00]?
Yes they do. How many people are in your party?
We will have 7 people in the party.
I have you booked at Tang Chinese. The reference number is P04KA65H . Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
That will be all, thank you.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal! Goodbye!


Please I want to book an expensive restaurant. First however help me find a place to go in town. Is there a nice park?
Yes there are 5 parks to visit, would you prefer one in the north, south, east, or in town centre?
It doesn't really matter, just whatever you recommend.
Milton County Park in the north is free and my humble suggestion.
Could I please have the postcode and area to [Milton] County Park?
The postcode is cb46az and the area is north.
Are there any restaurants that serve [Romanian] food in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants in the centre. Care to try a different cuisine?
What about [Indian] food?
There are 5 restaurants that serve indian food in the centre. Any specific price range?
Any of the restaurants is fine. But, can I get a postcode and price range for the one you choose please.
The [Golden Curry] is expensive and delicious. The postcode is cb12az. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. But can you book a taxi from the restaurant to the park?
Yes, do you have a time in mind?
I just need to be leaving the restaurant by [06:15].
I have successfully booked you a White Audi. Would you like their contact number?
Yes, I would like their contact number please.
The contact number for the taxi is 07629467335. Would you like help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks a bunch!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'd like to find a restaurant serving [British] food that's in the centre.
restaurant one seven serves British food and is located in the Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can you give me more information about this place?
It's located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. It's one of my favorite restaurants!
Okay. That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and price range?
01223337766, is the phone. It is in the moderate price range.
I forgot to ask for the address. Can I get that also, please?
As mentioned before the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge leaving sometime [after 16:15] on Wednesday.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely
I have located several options train TR8610 leaves at 17:35, TR0328 leaves at 19:35, TR5050 leaves at 21:35, or TR8230 leaves at 23:35. Would you like me to book tickets?
Earlier is better, please book me for one at 17:35.
Absolutely! Can you please confirm how many tickets you would like to book?
I would like one ticket please. How long will the travel time be on that?
The train will take 17 minutes to arrive at your destination. May i help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Okay, great! Have a good day.


I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.
There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.
Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.
The [Hamilton Lodge] has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT .
Can I cancel the reservation with you?
I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.
May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?


I need to a train heading to New Street station in Birmingham, do you have info for that?
Where do you want to depart from?
I'd like a train that can get me from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Monday by [12:45].
The TR1162 leaves at 9:01 and will arrive at 11:44. Is that alright?
Yes that will fine. Can you tell me the travel time for that?
It will be 163 minutes long.
Thank you for your help. That will be all.
You're welcome, thank you for using our service.


Can you find an expensive restaurant that serves [venetian] food?
Sorry, looks like there aren't any venetian restaurants that are expensive. Would you like something else?
Yes, I would be interested in one that serves [chinese] food. Where would you recommend?
The "yu garden" is a nice place


Are there any hotels that offer both free parking and free wifi?
Almost every place in Cambridge meets those requirements! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I need it to be in the cheap range. Thanks for helping me with this!
You're very welcome. We have ten great, inexpensive guesthouses spread throughout Cambridge, such as our [Alexander Bed & Breakfast] which is rated 4 stars.
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IQ8WDOKB . Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for the [Shanghai family restaurant]
Yes of course, the Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre of town, would you like me to book it for you?
May I just get their phone number please. I am also going to need a taxi.
Their phone number is 01223301761. Where are you headed in your taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at [11:15] and go to the restaurant. Please give me car type and contact number too.
I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07084963980. What else would you like today?
Great, thanks! That is all for now.
Glad to help. Enjoy your visit.


I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [jamaican] food
There are no restuarants on the West side of town the serves Jamaican food. Is there another type of food you woluld like?
How about [chinese] food?
[Peking restaurant] serves Chinese food, it is in the expensive price range, and it is in the south part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Just their address, please.
The Peking restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Can I be of further help?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Yes, I am attending a physician's conference and need to locate a room for tonight.
Do you have a area or price preference?
I am looking for a place with free wifi, doesn't need parking, and expensive price range
I have 5 hotels that fit your criteria, are you looking for a particular area or number of stars?
No particular area. I would definitely want a moderate priced room though.
[A and B Guest House] fits your criteria. It's a 4-star guesthouse on 124 Tenison Road. Are you interested in booking there?
Yes. I need it for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry, but it's not available for your references. Would you like to try a different day or fewer days?
Can I get it for 1 night, then?
Yes, I've reserved you for one night.
May I have the booking reference number, please?
The reference number is EV6UDNPJ . Anything else you need?
No, that is just what I needed. Thanks for your help. Bye.
Goodbye. Have a good day!


Can you tell me about an attraction found in the centre?
There are 44 attractions. What type would you like?
just any. give me one option with its phone number,postcode and address.
[Little Saint Mary's Church]. You'll have to go to Little Saint Mary's Lane. The postcode is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you. Can you tell me some information for a place called the [Autumn House]. I am not sure if its a hotel or guest house.
there is no hotel in our records that goes by that name
Are you sure autumn house is no longer there?
Sorry, I found it! It's a guesthouse. Would you like for me to book you a room there?
How many stars is it?
I apologize, I was able to find your requested Autumn House. It's a 4 star, guesthouse. Would you like to book it? Which days, people, etc?
No, thanks. I was just looking for the star rating, which you've already given me.
No problem, Can I help with anything else?
I just needs the taxi to the hotel, I need to leave the attraction by [05:45]. (I'm doing a volunteer overnight security shift there for the experience)
Sounds like a great experience. A black volvo will pick you up at the church and drop you at the hotel. You can reach the driver at 07118076381
Great, that is all I needed. Thank you
I hope you have a good trip. Have a great day.


I'm interested in finding a hotel that has free parking that I can stay at.
There are 8 hotels that provide parking. There is no information on free parking but there is one hotel in the cheap price range. Would you be interested?
Yes I need a place to stay for sure. I like 3 star hotels. Do you have any 3 stars?
There are several. I have two hotel options, both on the expensive side. If you'd rather something more moderately priced, there are also some guesthouses available.
Oh I almost forgot, I also need the hotel to provide free wifi. That may narrow my options down a bit. Can you check?
Okay, there are 5 options. May I recommend the [Bridge Guest House]?
That is great. I need it for Tuesday. 7 people lasting 5 nights.
I was able to book the room the reference number is WYIXGGE0 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a [Spanish] place to eat at.
There are two Spanish restaurants in the centre of town, one cheap and one moderately priced. Which one would you be interested in?
Surprise me! I really don't care.
Then I would like to recommend [la tasca] as the better of the two.
Great, lets set up a reservation for 7 people at [20:00] on Tuesday.
Ok, I've made a booking for you. Reference number is : DWPPYCE4 . Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Fantastic, have a great trip!


I am looking for a place to go in town. I would like to find a museum.
Do you have a preference for the area of town you wish to visit?
The centre would be great
The centre is abounding in museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a particular interest?
Could you recommend one to me and provide their phone number and entrance fee?
[Primavera's] phone number is 01223357708. The entrance is free.
Can you give me the address to museum and the schedule a taxi to take me there.
The address is 10 king s parade. At what time would you like the taxi?
I apologize. I do not need a taxi. What I do need is a restaurant in the same area as the museum, please.
Sure, I can help you with that. What kind of food were you looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [world] food. Do you see anything for that?
I have nothing with world food. Do you have another preference ?
Well, how about a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food?
There are 3 places available. Do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, an expensive place would be fine. Thank you
The Backstreet Bistro is a nice place,do you want their number ?


i need a train out of cambridge [after 17:30]
I'd be happy to help. What is your destination?
I'd like to get to London King's Cross on Thursday.
The only option we have is the TR6595 which leaves at 19:00. Does thatwork for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.
Your reference number is STVHW0DA .
Can you locate a Starbucks Coffee near the train station in London King's Cross?
There is one 3 blocks from the station,is there anything else ?
I am also looking for a cheap place to stay that has wifi.
Ok. There are 10 cheap places with wifi. Were you looking for a certain part of town?
It doesn't matter, but I want it to be zero stars.
El Shaddai gets zero stars and so does the City Centre North B and B.
Which one of those is the cheapest?
It appears they about the same price.
Ok please book [El Shaddai] for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BV84E4XA . What else can I assist you with?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
Have a wonderful day. If there is anything else just let me know.


I am injured and need to get to a hospital that has a pediatric [clinic].
Sorry, I couldn't find that department in the nearby hospital.
where else could i possibly find the department
My apologies, I actually did find it. Their phone number is 01223348313
Thank you, could you also give me the postcode and address, please?
The postcode for Addenbrookes Hospital is CB20QQ, and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No, thanks again.
You're welcome. I hope everything turns out ok.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves [international] food.
I'm sorry, there are no international food restaurants on the south side of town. Would you like another type of food?
How about [Chinese] food?
There are the Peking Restaurant, which is expensive, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, which is also expensive, and the Lucky Star, which is cheap.
Can I have the address of [Lucky Star]?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton 01223 244277
Thank you!
Thank you. Good bye


I'd like to find a train that leaves [after 17:00] on Saturday.
Absolutely, I need departure and destination information and a time you need to arrive by.
I'll be departing from Broxbourne and I'd like to go to Cambridge.
I have 7 available. The first leaves at 17:32, and arrives at 18:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not looking to book at the moment, can I just get the train ID? Thanks!
Of course! TR0811 leaves at 17:32, arrives at 18:32, with a duration of 60 minutes. The price is 14.32 pounds. May I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need for today. thank you. Goodbye.
Okay glad I could help. Enjoy your trip.


Hi, I want to find a [Chinese] place to eat that's expensive.
There are 9 Chinese restaurants that match your criteria. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to dine in?
I'd like to dine in the north if possible.
We have the Hakka and The Hotpot that match your search. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with [Hakka], and make a booking for 7 people at [19:15] on Monday. And give me the reference number please.
Great the booking was successful, your reference number is 4DV3FA1B .
Thanks very much. I also need a train for Monday, arriving by [9:45].
And where will you be traveling to and from?
From stevenage to cambridge.
There are 2 trains that arrive by 9:45. One leaves at 5:54 and one leaves at 7:54.
I'll take the one that arrives at 7:54. How much do those tickets cost?
The ticket is 12.80. Would you like me to book this for you, or do you have other questions I can help with?
I'll book the train myself. Thanks for your help today - I'm all set!
It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo!


Well, I am coming to Cambridge and was hoping to try some local restaurants. Can you help me with my choices?
Yes, I can help you with that! What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I need something expensive please preferably in the North.
If you like [European] food, I'd recommend [City Stop Restaurant].
I'll give that a try. Book a table for 6 people for Sunday at [12:30] please.
Thank you. I have booked you a table for six on Sunday at 12:30 at City Stop Restaurant, and your reference number is CAWRD4D1 .
Thank you. I also need a train the same day.
Ok, let's narrow this down a bit. Where would you like to depart from and where are you going?
I am departing from Peterborough and going to Cambridge.
Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I want ot get in by [8:00], I need to get in in plenty of time for my Sunday booking.
The TR7721 would work for you, do you need a booking?
Yes, I need 6 tickets and the reference number of the booking.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 79.19 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8M72FMPK .
Thanks you, that is everything, you helped me a lot. Thanks a bunch!!
Thanks for contacting us, have a pleasant stay!


I was just in an accident and need help right away!
The Parkside Police station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Can I get the phone number?
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
Great, thank you very much.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that's all. Goodbye.
Ok I hope everything is alright. goodbye.


Is there any place that serves [BBQ] around here?
I'm sorry there are no bbq places in the city, Is there another type of food you would be interested in?
I am interested in [Portuguese] food.
There are two portuguese restaurants. Would you prefer the south or centre part of town?
I don't care. can you give me one of the address ?
Sure, nandos in the south and its phone number is 01223 327908
I don't care about the price range.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would like the name and phone number.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. and the phone number is 01223 241387
Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Irish] food and is in the expensive price range.
There is not a restaurant serving Irish food in the expensive price range. Would you like another restaurant?
Is there an expensive [korean] restaurant?
Yes, Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range.
Great! Can you give me the address and area of [Little Seoul]?
Little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else today?
no thank you good bye
Thank you. Good bye


I am looking for information on the town centre.
I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
Can you recommend a favorite place to go?
We have many great attractions in Cambridge, from architecture to nightclubs. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd like to visit?
No particular attraction but I do need it to be in the centre.
I like [castle galleries] that's a museum in the centre. Would that interest you?
That sounds interesting. How much do they charge for entrance?
There is no entrance fee, it is free.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you, have a great time! Goodbye.


Hey, I am looking for a train that leaves leicester to cambridge, where is it?
There are many trains each day that run between Leicester and Cambridge. What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by [18:15].
The 16:09 will have you there at 17:54 if it is on time. Would you like me to book you a seat?
I don't need to book now. What is the total travel time for that train?
105 minutes is the travel time. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes you can. I'd like to see a few things while I'm in town so find me something nice to check out on the west side.
We have entertainment venues, museums, & colleges to visit. Is there a particular attraction type you would be interested in?
Any attraction you recommend will be great. I just need the postcode and entrance fee.
Clare College is a popular attraction on the west side. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds and the postcode is cb21tl. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, thanks! That'll be all that I need for today!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge?
Sure, where are you leaving from and any certain departure or arrival times?
i'm leaving from birmingham new street after [18:30]
I have the tr6741 leaving at 18:40 how many tickets would you like?
Great! Can you book for 4 people, please? I'll need the reference number.
Absolutely. Four tickets have been booked for this route and your reference number is 6YC0WN0E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I am also looking for a hotel by the name of [lovell lodge].
Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the north area of town. They're located at 365 Milton Road, cb41sr.
You are thorough, I would like to book my group a 4 night stay there, please.
What day will you be arriving?
I want This to be on Tuesday
How many are in your group?
Four people please.
Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is JGZHQJD7 .
Thank you so much. That's all for now. Good bye.
Thank you for using our service!


I am looking for information in Cambridge. looking for a restaurant.
Sure, what kind of restaurant?
It doesn't matter but it should be expensive and it should be in the centre.
Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, we would like American type food.
We actually have different categories of american food -- latin american, modern american, north american, and "the americas." Which of these would you prefer?
How about [latin america]?
I'm sorry. I have no results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different food type, price range, or area?
How about [North American] cuisine instead?
[Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is expensive and in the center. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, for Thursday, 7 people at [16:45]. I also need a reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2FX5XCUM . is there anything else i could help you with?
I also need a train. Going to Ely Friday.
Okay and what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart Cambridge after [21:30].
The train TR9842 is leaving Cambridge on Friday at 21:50. The cost is only 4.40 pounds and the travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book?
Yes please book that for me.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZC86HRQ4 . is there anthing else i can do?
That is all I will need. Thank you.
excellent, have a great day!


Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.
There are 14 results which fit your request. Do you want information for the places with a 4 star rating?
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the south, yes.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your needs. It's a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the south. I can book a room for you, if you like!
That is a guest house?
Yes this is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Thanks so much. Also can you provide me information about a restaurant called the [copper kettle]?
I have that here. What would you like to know?
what area is it in?
South would you like me to book it for you ?


I want to leave for Cambridge by train on Wednesday.
Okay, where are you departing from?
I'll be coming from london kings cross
When do you want to leave London Kings Cross?
i will leave on wednesday
how about TR5725 that leaves at 05:17?
That will work. Will you please book it for 5 people?
It is booked and your reference number is EKDNFGB7 . Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
You are more than welcome!


Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and would like a few ideas on places to go for fun.
There are lots of local attractions, are you interested in architecture?
Yes sure as long as the attraction is in the city center. Could you also provide me with the phone number and postcode of the attraction?
Of course. How about [Saint Catharine's College], in postcode cb21rl? Phone is 01223338300.
Sure. I also need somewhere to eat. I'm thinking something on the expensive side and close to the college.
Alright, there are 33 different restaurants around the college that are expensive. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Can I get one in the centre of town and looking for [gastropub] food.
Backstreet Bistro is an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves gastropub food. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Information, please! I'm not looking to make a booking at the moment.
[Backstreet bistro] is located in town centre. The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, phone 01223306306. Do you need any further assistance?
Yes, can you book a taxi between the two? I would like to leave the restaurant by [24:45].
I have confirmed a taxi picking you up at backstreet bistro at 24:45. The contact number is 07972785913. A blue volkswagen will pick you up. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That will be everything I need today. You have a nice day.
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to dine that's in the cheap price range and that serves [Indian] food.
Would you like a recommendation, or do you want to specify an area?
I'd like a recommendation that is able to book a table for 5 people at [14:45] on Friday.
Alright, I booked you a table for 5 on Friday at 14:45 at the [Kohinoor]. Your reference number is 20OK4WP8 . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I'd also like to find an attraction in the east, please.
How about the [Cambridge Museum of Technology] at The Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane?
That sounds great! Can you give me their postcode and phone number?
The phone number is 01223368650 and the post code is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll need to book a taxi from the [Cambridge Museum of Technology] to the [Kohinoor], arriving by [14:45].
I've booked your taxi. It will be a grey skoda and the contact no. is 07998309857. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thanks so much and have a nice day. Bye.
Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good bye.


Book a taxi
Okay. I will need your departure site, destination, and a time please.
I want to be picked up from [allenbell] after [16:45] and taken to [mumford theatre]
Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
As long as I am picked up after 16:45 I will have plenty of time to arrive.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue ford Contact number : 07021649263


I need to know where the Addenbrookes Hospital is please.
Addebrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there anything else you require?
I need the postcode and phone number.
The postcode of Addenbrookes Hospital is CB20QQ, and the main phone number is 01223245151. Are you looking for a particular department?
No specific department. I will call Addenbrrokes Hospital, CB20QQ at phone number 01223245151.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, thank you.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


I'd love to visit a museum - can you help me find one, please?
Sure. There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Is there a particular area or type of museum you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the area.
How about the [byard art] museum located at 14 king's parade?
That sounds intriguing. What area is that in? And is there an entrance fee?
It is in the south and admission is free
Are there any in the centre you can tell me about as well?
Yes. There are 11 in the centre. Would you like to know more about one?
Can you suggestion one?
The broughton house gallery is very nice
How much does it cost to get in? My funds are very limited
no entrance fee charged
Grand. Can I also get your help with train? I need to get to Stansted airport by [16:45] on Wednesday.
And where are you leaving from?
cambridge is where i will be leaving
Train TR0678 will arrive by 16:08. Is that ok for you?
No. The train needs to leave after [16:45].
I have gotten two different responses. You said you need to arrive by 16:45 and leave by 16:45. It can only be one or the other.
I need to leave after 16:45 please.
Ok great, the TR8893 will fit your needs. How many tickets do you need?
No tickets, just the arrival time and I am all set.
The arrival time is 18:08.
Have a nice day.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.


Is there a restaurant on the North side of town?
There are several restaurants in the north part of town. Do you have a preference of price range or type of food?
I don't care.
City Stop Restaurant is an expensive restaurant on the North side of town.
I would like a restaurant serving [swedish] food in the north part of town.
I'm sorry but there are no Swedish serving restaurants in that area. Would you like to expand your search?
How about [indian] food?
The [Royal Spice] restaurant has a cheap price range.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
it's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, and phone number is 01733 553355.
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.


I want to find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at.
there are 2. alexander bed and breakfast, and el shaddai. which one do you prefer?
I want one that has free wifi and a rating of 4 stars. Does either of those match that description?
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] has all your preferences. It is a wonderful guesthouse. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
yes please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday. Make sure you get the reference number
Your reservation at the alexander bed and breakfast this wednesday for 6 days 5 nights for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : 2Z64N0C6 .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called [Cotto]. Can you give me more info?
Sure. Cotto serves British food in the center and is moderately priced. Would you like to make a booking?
book a table for 3 at [13:30] on wednesday.
You are booked, the reference number is AS8Z2W5W, can I assist with anything else?
I think that is all I will need today. Cheers.
Great, enjoy your stay and we look forward to helping you again sometime.


I'd like to go to the theatre, can you tell me about what's available in Cambridge, please?
There are 5 theaters in the whole of Cambridge, do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer the center of town
There are four theaters showing up in the centre part of town. It looks like one of them is a arts theater. Do you want info?
Yes please! What's the postcode, fee, and number?
The [Cambridge Arts Theatre] is located in 6 Saint Edward's Passage Postcode cb23pj, phone 01223503333. There isn't information about entrance fee.
I would also like a restaurant that is in the North area that serve [Northern European] food.
Unfortunately, we don't seem to have any listings that match your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine or a different area of the city?
How about a [Chinese] food restaurant?
I would recommend [Hakka]. It is in the north area and I've heard it's great.
OK go ahead and book a table for 3 people at [18:00] on thursday.
I do apologize, but they're all booked up. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, can we try [17:00]?
That time was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: L85JERQH . Anything else today?
Yes, please. I'd like a taxi between the two places to arrive by [17:00].
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey bmw Contact number : 07714877467 is there anything else i can help you with?


I am looking to book a train to cambridge on saturday around [20:00]
TR1120 leaves kings lynn at 20:11. Would that work?
The train should go to stansted airport and depart from cambridge
Ok, I could book the TR3128 which leaves at 20:40.
I'm not ready to book quite yet. Can you just give me the travel time, as well as arrival time of that train?
Yes it leaves at 20:40 and arrives at 21:08.


I want something in the north that serves [moroccan] food .
there is no moroccan restaurant in the north. Do you want to try something else ?
Yes. Is there a [french] restaurant in the north part of town?
[Restaurant Two Two] serves French food, and is located in the north part of town.
What is their phone number?
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. Is there anything else I can do for you?
that's all, thanks!
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay.
Can I ask you some questions to help find a hotel that meets your specifications?
Yes. What questions do you have?
what is the price range you want to pay and which place?
I'd like a guesthouse in the Centre. I'm okay with not having the internet or free parking. The price doesn't matter to me.
I have 2 guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a star rating preference?
Dont care about star rating,can you recommend one and give me the address and postcode for it?
Sure. How about El Shaddai? It's located at 41 Warkworth Street cb11eg. The phone number is 01223327978.
That sounds great. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the same area, are there any?
There are several expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of food would you like?
You know, I'm feeling like [chinese]. What do you have?
I have 4 listings. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Do any of those sound appealing?
the [sesame restaurant and bar] sounds interesting. can i get their address and phone number? what kind of food do they serve?
sesame restaurant and bar serves chines food. Their address is 17 Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223358899
Thank you very much. That will be all, thanks.
Do you need me to book that reservation for you?
No that will be all! Thanks!
Enjoy your day, goodbye.


I'm looking for a hospital with a [gynecology] department.
Addenbrookes has a gynecology department! Would you like to call them or book an appointment?
Is the hospital located in town, and what is their postcode?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Would you like the phone number?
No, that's OK, I have everything I need now. Thanks very much for your help!
Thank you for using our service, and have a great day!


I want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre.
We have 21 entries that match. Do you have a preference on type of food?
I'd like [Lebanese] food please.
[ali baba] serves lebanese food in the town centre at a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at [18:45] on a Tuesday.
I was unable to find you a table at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
I guess we could move it [an hour earlier], if that's better?
That worked. You have a table at [17:45] with reference number 2S4UXXS3 . Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help.
No problem. Happy to help.


I would like to find an expensive restaurant that serves [molecular gastronomy] please
Would a gastropub work for you?
Can I have more information on [gastropub]?
There are 3 gastropubs, 2 in the centre and 1 in the east, that are expensive. Do you have a preference?
If there is no expensive restaurant serving molecular gastronomy food, I would take one that serves [Indian] food.
Great I recommend [Curry Garden]. It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
That place sounds pretty good, but no reservation at this time, thanks. I would like to know their postcode, please?
The postcode is cb21dp.
Great. I also need some information about an attraction called The [Cherry Hinton Village Centre]. Can you look that up?
Absolutely! It is located at cherry hinton road and is an entertainment in the east area.
Thanks. Can you provide the phone number and postcode too?
Sure thing! The phone number is 01223446104 and the post code is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi today to get me between the two places.
What time would you like that taxi?
I'd like to leave by [06:45], please.
Booking completed! Your contact number is 07984587445, and the car type will be a black lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!
Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


I would like to find an Italian restaurant open for dinner?
I will need more information on what you are looking for, what area and what time?
I am looking for a train departing from london liverpool street on thursday to go to cambridge.
There are multiple trains available. By what time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to arrive by [09:30]. The booking is for me only and I will need a reference number please.
How about the TR4204? It will arrive by 9:07.
That sounds good. Please book me for one person and give me the reference number.
All done. You have 1 ticket on TR4204, Your reference number is 834POXTX . Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's everything today, thank you.
Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Can you tell me how to get to the Parkside Police Station from my location?
Here is the location: Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG
Thank you Goodbye.
Let me give you the police station telephone number so you have it : 01223358966. Is that all you need?


I need to see some train times for Wednesday.
There are 404 trains running on Wednesday, what point of departure and point of arrival are you interested in?
I need to depart from ely and arrive by [16:30].
I can help you with that. How early do you want to leave because we have trains running as early as 5:35
i want to arrive by 16:30 if possible.
The TR2211 will leave Ely Wednesday arriving at 15:52. Would you like to book that one?
Yes book that for me thank you
I will book that for you now.
Thank you and I need a reference number
How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket and thank you
Okay. I have booked one ticket for you. The reference number is EHRSRM7K and it will cost 4.4 GBP.
No, that is all. Thank you so much. Goodbye
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train from Ely to Cambridge please
Sure, when will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving after [19:00] on Monday. What are my options?
There are 3 trains that fit that search. They leave at 19:35, 21:35, and 23:35. Can I book one for you?
I will take the one that leaves at 19:35. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?
The travel time for that route is 17 minutes. Is there any other information you need?
Could you recommend a museum in the east?
There are four museums in the East, the Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all Free. Cambridge Museum of Technology charges 5 pounds.
Can you give me the postcode of The [Cambridge Artworks]?
The postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks for your help.
Glad I could help. Have a great day!


Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions. I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.
I have many. May I suggest either The Cambridge Arts Theatre or Mumford Theatre?
Mumford Theatre sounds great. May I have their address and entrance fee, please?
Unfortunately I am unable to find information on the entrance fee but the address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Their phone number is 08451962320
Alright, thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel. It's called the [Bridge Guest House], could you help me find it?
Sure. The Bridge Guest House is at 151 hills road. Did you need any other assistance?
Can I please get their phone number as well? That's all I'll need for the day.
The bridge guest house phone number is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You are very welcome, anytime.


I would like to book a taxi departing from [Panahar].
Could you tell me when you would like to depart and when you would like to arrive?
Yes I'd need to arrive by [3:00] at [cambridge arts theatre].
That booking has been completed. Your reservation number is 07869081756 and you will be picked up by a blue audi. Can I help with anything else?
When should I expect it?
I can't tell the exact arrival time, but expect it a little before 3. It will get you to the theatre by 3.
Good, good, that'll be all. Thank You.
You're welcome, enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions that fit your criteria. Are you looking to visit a specific type of attraction?
I'd love to visit a park, especially a botanical garden if one is in that area!
[Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] is located in town centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their phone number please? I'd also love to eat at a [Malaysian] place near the park. Any ideas?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that match that description. Could you like to try other food types?
No, thanks for helping. Goodbye!
Okay well please call back if you change your mind.
Hi, I would love to try a [Mediterranean] restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?
There are three options, the gardenia which is cheap in price range, along with la mimosa and shiraz restaurant which is expensive. Ant preference?
I would prefer expensive and I'm looking to reserve a table for 1 at [17:00] on Sunday, please.
I can get those reservations for you at [la mimosa]. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday.
Unfortunately, that time slot is unavailable. Can I try a different time for you?
Okay, would [16:00] be a better time on Sunday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B1TRUT9Y .
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Your taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07330545456. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you confirm the time that taxi was booked? I need it to arrive at the restaurant by [16:00].
I have confirmed that the taxi will arrive at La Mimosa at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just need to know what type of car you booked for the taxi.
It is a red honda, and their phone number is 07330545456
Will it arrive at the restaurant by the booked time?
Correct. Everything is set.
ok, that's all I needed, thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I need a train going to cambridge that leaves after [14:45].
Where are you coming from?
I want a train department from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Friday at 14:45.
I can put you on the tr8842 it leaves at 15:17 how many tickets please
Two tickets please.
There is an error in that train booking could I book the TR2519 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street, on Friday, departing at 15:01?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like to book two tickets and I'll need a reference number, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LCEXHUAZ .
I'm also looking for a [chinese] restaurant that is semi expensive. I would like it the same day I arrive.
Sure, there are a number of expensive options. Did you have a certain part of town in mind?
No specific area for the restaurant.
[the good luck chinese food takeaway] fits those criteria, can I make a booking for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people at [10:00] please. I'll need it for Friday please. Can I get the reference number please?
Of course. I reserved the table for you. Your reference number is D9XHCFDT .
Thank you for your help.
Do you need me to book transport or provide anymore info?
that is all for now, thank you very much.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I love swimming! Can you recommend a pool in Cambridge?
[Parkside Pools] is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No thanks. But can I get the phone number and postcode please?
Sure, their phone number is 01223446100 and their postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after [18.00] on sunday
Sure, I would be glad to help. Where will you be departing from? Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive by?
I will be departing from Cambridge to Leicester. The arrival time does not matter as long as it leaves after 18:00.
The first train leaving cabridge for leicester on Sunday is TR9517. It leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to book a seat on that train?
Yes, please for one. I will need the reference number
I have it booked for you. Your reference number is knutp0u4 . Can I be of further assistance?
No thanks, that's everything!
Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!


What is the address to the hospital in North?
I'm sorry there seems to be an error in our system. Please send your request again.
What is the address to the hospital there was no error you just didn't want to look it up.
Hmmmm, our system does seem to be having an error right now. Perhaps we could find some other information for you and then come back to the hospital.
I am looking for [bridge guest house], information on their phone number as well as if they have free parking. I am also looking for places to go.
The Bridge Guest House has free parking. The number is 01223247942. May I try looking up the hospital again for you?
No that's okay, I do need an entertainment attraction in the east, though.
[camboats] is awesome!
Ok! I need the entrance fee please.
They do not list their entrance fee but you can call them at 01223902112 to get it. If you want something free may I suggest Cambridge Artworks?
Is it on the east?
Yes, it is on the East. Would you like more information?
Can you just tell me what the entrance fee is please?
The entrance fee is free. Was there anything else I could help you with?
I think that will do it. Thank you for your help today.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a hotel named [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Do you have any information on that?
Yes I do! The hotel is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the phone number is 01223866800. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes, I would like to book the room for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book for that day. Would you like to try for another day or search for another hotel?
Can you try 1 night instead?
Ah yes. That worked. I have a booking for 3 people for one night. Your reference number is SERCRCLN . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, Is there an attraction called [Castle Galleries]?
Yes, it's a museum in the city centre.
I'd like the phone number and postcode for the museum.
Phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please I would like a taxi to get me from the museum by [9:45] to my hotel.
I reserved a Blue Ford to pick you up at 9:45. The contact number is 07985144147. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm all set!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


Yes, I would like the information on parks that are located in the centre please.
[The Botanical Gardens at Cambridge University] are a favorite destination. The entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
Could i please get the phone number and address?
Sure, the phone number is 01223336265. The address is bateman street. Can I do anything else for you?
I am thinking I would like to try some [european] food while I am in town.
There are several to choose from, in which part of town would you like to concentrate?
I would like the north please.
I only have one restaurant in the north for European food, but they have amazing food. It's called [City Stop Restaurant]. They are expensive but so worth it!
book a table for 2 people at [13:15] on tuesday.
Your booking was successful! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZLRYLH3O .
What is the car type, please thank you
I'm sorry, but we just reserved your table. There is no car type. But since you ask, did you need a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi that will take me between the two places and need to arrive by [13:15].
Okay. I have a taxi booked. It will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07135918917
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
good day and thanks for using our services


Can you please help me find a train out of cambridge that arrives by [19:15]?
Ok, I am happy to do so. I will need the day and where you are going to.
I am going to Peterborough and leaving on Monday.
Okay! What time of day would you like to leave? The train ride is only 50 minutes long. The last train of the day departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56.
Thank you, please book me for 7 people, and I will need the reference number.
Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 87VJOBNO . The total fee is 115.5 GBP that you can pay at the station.
Can you find me a moderately-priced place to eat in the center of town?
Definitely. Do you have a food type preference?
Is should serve [Basque] food.
It looks like there aren't any basque places in the centre area of town. Would you like me to search elsewhere?
how about modern [european] food then?
Yes, there is a modern european restaurant available on Monday. Should I book it for you?
Can you just give me the phone number and address?
Yes, [De Luca Cucina and Bar] is located at 83 Regent Street,cb21aw. The phone number is 01223356666.
Great! That's all I needed! Thank you!
Okay, perfect. Have a great day.
I'll be sure to call you if I need anything else.
Okay great. Good bye.


Hi, I am planning a trip and could use your help finding a place to stay when I arrive.
Would you like to stay in a specific area?
I don't care where, but i want a 5 star rating.
There are no five star hotels in the area, but we do have several four star ones, would you like one of those?
Yes I would like one of those.
Sure! How about [a and b guest house]? It is located at 124 tenison road.
That sounds good. Do they have free wifi? Also, can you provide me with their address please?
Yes they have free internet and the address is 124 tenison road.
Thank you can you book that for me?
I'd be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you want to begin your stay? And how many guests and nights?
Actually I can book it. Can you tell me about parks to go to in the south?
I have two parks in that area. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Both offer free entrance.
Can I get the post code for [Lammas Land Park]?
They are at cb223ae, can I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Good-bye.


Hi I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town serving [Indian] food.
What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter.
Well I have [Curry Garden] in the expensive price range that is very good.
I'd like for you to book me a table at [15:15] on Friday for 5 please. If that isn't available, how about Saturday? I need a reference number please.
You are all set, the reference number is AOXH1ZCQ, can I help with anything else?
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.
What is the price range you're looking at? Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
I would like an expensive guesthouse please.
I'm sorry, I don't see any expensive guesthouses. Do you want to try another type or price range?
Yes, can you please check guesthouses in the moderate price range?
there are 15 choices. did you have an area in mind?
Can you recommend one and provide me with their star rating and area?
[arbury lodge guesthouse] is a very popular guesthouse located in the north part of town with a 4 star rating including both internet and parking
I also need a taxi.
Can you tell me which two places you are going between and the time you want the car?
I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse to the restaurant please. I'll need to arrive by [15:15].
Ok I need the name of departure and name of destination.
I'm going from the guesthouse to the restaurant. Again, I'll need to arrive by 15:15.
I have finished booking for you. You will be looking for a black Volkswagen. The contact number is 07359059357. Anything else for you today?
Thank you but that will be all.
I'm glad I could help.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [swedish] food in the centre.
There are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the centre. What would you like to do?
Well, the restaurant should be expensive. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes many. It all depends on what type of cuisine you're after.
What about a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food?
I was able to find two restaurants that serve gastropub for you. I have backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, both located in the centre of town.
Can I get a table for 1 at the [Backstreet Bistro]? Saturday at [17:15], if possible.
It's all booked, your reference number is STQ9N9UV
Excellent. That will be everything. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I have a question about places to go in Cambridge today.
Sure, what is your question?
I'd like to visit a college and need to know the area, phone number, and entrance fee if that applies.
[Clare Hall] is a great college in the western part of town. They have free admission. Would this interest you? Or shall I try a different college?
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223332360
i'm also looking for a specific restaurant.
What is the name of the restaurant?
It is [Da Vinci Pizzeria]. I need a booking for 3 people at [17:45] on Monday.
I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is VJ04SVH4 . Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. That will be all today. Goodbye.
Great! Have a great day!


i need a place to stay
I would love to help. Which part of town?
Our family lives in the east, so how about close by.
Sure, we have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel. What is your price range?
price does not matter. but i need a 1 star
I don't have any 1 star hotels in the east.
How about a 4 star with free wifi?
Allenbell is a 4 start guesthouse on the east in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
What is the phone number for Allenbell? What are some places to go in town close to the hotel?
The phone number for allenbell is 01223210353
I'd like some suggestions on places to go in the same area as the guesthouse. I need the address, postcode, and attraction type.
There are two museums nearby, would you like more details about them?
Yes I would like more information on both museums.
saint barnabas press gallery is located in the belfast yard, coldham's road , cb13ew and gallery at twelve a high street is at fulbourn,cb15dh
That is all I need. Thanks.
ok, great! have a wonderful day.


Hi, I'm looking for a train arriving in Cambridge by [21:15].
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you would like to travel?
Sure, I'll be leaving from Norwich. Oh, and I'd like to travel on Friday please.
I would recommend TR9589 which leaves Norwich at 19:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:35.
Okay great. Can you help me make a booking for 6 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2CUTCPH6 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a play to stay in the east in the moderate price range
I will look that up for you,do you want a hotel ?
Yes, with a star of 4 please.
I do not have any 4 star hotels in the east. Would you like to try another area or maybe go with a price range in the East?
Oh my. Are there any moderate-price guesthouses in the east with 4 stars?
Yes, I found three. I would recommend [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] it is moderately priced and located in the East. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book 6 people for 2 nights beginning friday
You are booked as requested, the reference number is 5ROZN3ZO, any further questions?
Great!! That's all for now. Thank you so much.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


i am looking for a nearby hospital with the [neurosciences critical care unit] department
phone them through 01223216297
Thanks, I also need the address and phone number.
Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge in postcode CB20QQ. Their general phone number is 01223245151 and the Neurosciences Critical Care Unit's number is 01223216297. Can I help with anything else?
I know where to get care for my injury. Thank you for helping me. Goodbye.
Alright, goodbye now! Good luck!


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. Can you help me with a great place to dine?
What area and what price range would you be interested in ?
I am looking for an expensive place in any area.
What type of food would you like?
[British] food. And some where in the Centre.
I have 3 places to choose from. All are expensive. I have Fitzbillies, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you?
[Fitzbillies] sounds unique, can you book me for 5 people at [17:00] on tuesday?
I have your reservation for tuesday at 17:00 with 5 people, your reference number is UAZUXKIR . Can I help you with anything else?
Since I'll already be in town, I'd like to check out some colleges in the same area as the Fitzbillies
I have many,does it matter if there an entrance fee?
No, as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.
Can I recommend [king's college,it] is a beautiful college in the centre of town.
What is the postcode and phone number?
The phone number is 01223331100 and the postcode is cb21st. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that will be all. goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today.


I was in a car accident dispute and am looking for help.
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
I'll also need the address please.
Sure. The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, Please give me the post code.
The postcode for the Parkside Police Station is CB11JG. Do you need any other assistance?
That is all for today. Thanks!
Thank you, have a good day.


I need to book a train to travel to London Kings Cross leaving after [10:45]. Can you help me with this?
Sure! Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.
There are trains leaving at the hour throughout the day and night. If can book one of those for you if you like.
I need to leave after 10:45.
I can book you on TR9781 leaving Cambridge at 11 on Wednesday. How many tickets should I reserve?
Can you book me 6 tickets please? I will also need the reference number too.
I've reserved six tickets for you. Your reference number is X1C6NI79 .
No, that will be everything. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome, enjoy your trip.


Can you get me information on a hotel called [city centre north b and b]?
I can. City Centre North B & B is an inexpensive guesthouse offering free parking and free wifi.
Can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting monday? Can i have a reference number too please?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XCHS38QL . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for some train information please. I want to take the train into Cambridge.
Where is your departure site and what day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving from Ely, and I should be in Cambridge no later than [9:00], on Monday. I have a meeting in town.
TR7994 arrives by 5:52 and TR0755 by 7:52, which one would you prefer?
I would prefer TR0755.
Ok, TR0755 costs 4.40 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. Thank you very much.
I'll get right on that. Can I know how many tickets you'd like to purchase?
I would like two tickets please.
Sure thing I will work on booking that and be right back with you.
I just need to know the id. I do not need to book it.
Is there anything else that you need help with?
No, that's all. Thank you
you're welcome! bye!


Hi, I'd like to book a taxi leaving from [Archway House], please.
What is your destination and what time would you like to leave?
My destination is [saigon city] and I need it to leave after [10:45].
Ok expect a Red Tesla at [10:50]. Their number is 07532982082.
Okay perfect. Thank you!
You are welcome, can I help you with any thing else?
No thank you. I am all set!
Alright great! Have a nice day!


I am looking for information on a hotel.
Do you have a particular one in mind or any preference for where you stay or what amenities are offered?
I am looking for a hotel called the [A and B Guest House].
Yes, that's a guesthouse in the east of town. Is there some particular information you'd like about it, or I could help you book a room?
I would like to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find another hotel?
Hmm, how about a different hotel in the same price range?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6JGB7U7H . The [Acorn Guest house]. Need any thing else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today
Okay great. I am glad I could help.
Thank you for all the help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.
Can you tell me the name of the hotel please and then we can talk about booking a room?
It is the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]
When will you be staying there?
I'm not sure. Do they have internet?
Yes, they have internet available.
What type of hotel is it? And what is the post code?
Its an expensive hotel.
Can I get the postcode please?
Okay, the postal code is: PE296FL. Can I assist with anything else?
I also would like to eat in the center of town.
There is a lot of restaurants in the town centre. What type of food are you looking for? What is your price range for the restaurant?
Don't really have a food preference but would prefer something expensive.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure you have no preference for food type?
None, it is my first time in the town and I like every food, I will go with what you recommend.
Okay. Well, I've heard great things about the [Cambridge Chop House]. It's a British restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday at [17:30]?
Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number, CUZ69HSD .
Thanks, now can you book me a taxi? I want to be picked up from my hotel and taken to the restaurant by [17:30]. Please give me car type/contact number
Your taxi has been booked. The car type is a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07594906784. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for all your help!
You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay!


Hi, I'm looking for a place with [Tuscan] food in any price range.
I'm sorry, there is not a tuscan restaurant listed. Would you care to try something else?
How about any [Korean] restaurants?
[Little Seoul] is a Korean restaurant.
Phone number please
there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Hi. I'm looking for a train. Can you help me?
What is your departure site?
I am leaving from bishops stortford.
There are trains from Bishops Stortford every couple of hours. What day will you be traveling, and I'm assuming you're heading to Cambridge?
Sorry, I am coming from Cambridge and going to Bishops. On Tuesday, and I want to get there by [15:45]
There are 5 trains that I can book for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No I do not. I just need to arrive at 15:45.
I've found TR2771 leaving cambridge at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07. The price is 10.10 pounds. Can I book this train for you?
What is the total travel time for the train?
It's 38 minutes. Would you like to book it?
Yes can you please and send me the reference.
How many tickets will you be needing?
i will only be needing one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CHXFL1AJ .
I would also like a hotel in the area.
Which area could you like the hotel to be located at?
I would prefer it in the centre and to be 0 stars.
El shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap range; cityroomz is a hotel in the moderate price range. Which one do you prefer?
I would prefer one that has free parking and internet.
I would recommend the [el shaddai].
Do they have internet, and can you provide the postcode & price range?
El Shaddai has both internet and parking. They are in the cheap pricerange. The postcode is cb11eg. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Not at this time, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all, thank you!
Have a nice day.


I need information on a swimmingpool to visit.
There are 4 [swimmingpools]. One in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre.
We're going to be in the centre so maybe that one. Can I get the postcode of that one?
Yes their postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Hey, is [Yu Garden] still open?
Yes it most certainly is. Would you like their telephone number?
I don't need their number, but will you please book a table for 7 people at [15:00] on Wednesday?
I've booked a table for seven at [yu garden]. Your reservation is at 15:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is 799F0AEG . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will take me between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by [15:00].
I was able to book you a taxi it will be a yellow volkswagen. The driver's contract number is 07156664502. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that is all I need today.
Glad to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
I found 33 hotels that fit your needs. Please tell me what area you would like the hotel in so i can book your reservations.
Let's try narrowing it down in the north then.
[Arbury lodge guesthouse] is available would you like to try that?
Yes, please, it's for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Monday. If you can get it, I need the reference number, please.
The reference number is 1U3X2SUQ, I have successfully booked your room as well.
Thank you so much, I also need a train frm Cambridge to bishops stortford, after [21:45]
No problem, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving Friday, thanks.
The last train that goes to Bishops Stortford is TR5965 and it leaves at 19:29. Would you like to look at Saturday morning or is this time okay?
This time is okay.
I booked that for you. Your reference number is H9D7U834 .
What time will the train arrive, please? And what's the price?
It will arrive by 20:07 and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks. That will be fine. Can I get a train ID?
Of course, the Train ID is TR5965.
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
You're very welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay. Goodbye!


I am looking for a place called [tang chinese]
I have located tang chinese, it is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you?
Yes. Please book a table for 4 people at [17:00] on Friday.
I am sorry this time is not available. Another restaurant perhaps?
Are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area?
[Kymmoy] is also in the centre. It is an expensive Asian restaurant. Would you like me to book this one for you?
Yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant
Your booking was successful the reference number is I82B519F . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your dinner.


I want to book a train. I would like to depart from cambridge and arrive by [16:45]
What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 16:45. Going to Ely
What day will you be travelling?
I would like to go on Saturday.
How about TR8860?
Sure, I would like to book that train for 4 passengers.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : VX48ZGH0.
That's wonderful. I am all set. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge that involve a boat.
Your best choice is the River Boat Georgina located at Jubilee House.
Is that in the Centre area?
No, although there are two others that are in the Centre. The [Cambridge Punter] is a great one. Would you like more information?
Yes please. I could use the address with postcode as well as the entrance fee.
Ok, the address for the Cambridge Punter is 251a chesterton road and the postcode is cb41as. Unfortunately I don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
Hmm... that bites, but I can deal. I'm going to head to a restaurant as well, can you find me one that's in the same area?
what is your price range?
I would like a moderately-priced [Jamaican] restaurant.
I am sorry but there are no Jamaican restaurants in Cambridge. What other cuisine would you like?
That's ok. Is there an [international] restaurant instead?
There are 2 international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like more information on one of them?
I like the sound of [Varsity Restaurant]. I'd like to book a table for 8 people on Saturday at [19:45].
You're all set for a table for 8 on Saturday at 19:45. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, can I also have the reference number?
The reference number is LRV0IPXL .
Thank you. That's all I needed help with today. Have a great day.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
What department of Addenbrookes Hospital? For example, they have a cardiology department.
I just need the main phone number for the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
The phone number for the hospital is 01223245151.
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should have a star of 4
We dont have any hotels that have no internet with 4 stars
Are there any that include free parking and that are in the expensive price range?
Sorry, my search didn't bring back any results.
Try changing from no internet to free wifi and see what happens.
There are two hotels that fir your description in the expensive price range. One is in the west and one is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I need one with wifi.
Acorn house has free wifi. Is that okay?
Yes, please just forward me the area, hotel type and their phone number.
I'm terribly sorry, I misspoke. There are two 4-star hotels in the expensive range with wi-fi--the Huntington Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the centre of town.
The [Huntington Marriott] in the west would be great. What is the hotel type and phone number?
Sure, it is a hotel and the phone number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks for helping
Do you need me to book you a reservation?
No, I think I will wait on booking at this time. Thank you for your assistance.
No problem, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Are there many places to stay with mid-range prices?
Yes, we have several options! Do you have a star rating you'd like to have it be?
Yes, a 3-star guesthouse would be perfect. Free parking too, please!
There are three 3-star guest houses in Cambridge. Is there a part of town you were interested in staying in?
No, I don't have a preference. Please just pick one, and book it for 4 people, 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay I have booked you into the [Bridge Guesthouse] and your reference number is UV8VFH1S .
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train the same day that will be going to Cambridge. Can you help me?
Sure, I can do that for you. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn after [16:00].
There are 8 trains that leave Kings Lynn after 16:00. The earliest leaves at 16:11. Would you like to book this train?
no just the id please
The train leaving at 16:11 is ID# TR5153. May I help you with something else?
That was all that I needed to know, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I want to find a cheap restaurant serving [italian] food. What is the address and phone number?
I have quite a few restaurants that match your request. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
No that doesn't matter
[Ask] is a cheap restaurant serving Italian food in the centre of town. The address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 364917.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve italian food.
Thank you. I'll check it out.
Thank you, goodbye.


I need to get a train ticket for friday please.
Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave [after 13:15.]
Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.
Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.
Reference number is : IVX6L3KV . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you please book a room for 1 person for 4 nights, starting Friday, at [Hamilton Lodge]?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3G3X2VLU . Can I help with anything else today?
That's it! Thank you for your help!
I'm glad I could be of help. Have a great day!


I need a taxi departing from [avalon].
Can yo let me know what time you want to leave?
Yeah, after [20:00] would be ideal
You got it. What is your destination?
I am going to the [fitzwilliam museum].
Your booking is complete, a black honda will be picking you up.
can I please have the contact number?
The contact number 07928549844.
Thank you so much! That's all.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Can you book a train for me? I need to leave [after 16:00] on sunday.
We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.
That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BZX66OVA . Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.
Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.
I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.
Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?


I'm looking for a park in the centre of town to visit.
Cambridge university [botanic gardens] is a wonderful park located on bateman street. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That sounds great, can I get its address and phone number?
The park is located at Bateman Street and the phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks!
You are welcome. Bye.


Hi. Can you help me find a train that is departing from leicester?
What is your destination? What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving Monday from Cambridge and going to Leicester.
What time were you wanting to leave around?
[11:15] for 4 people,can you book it for me ?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DKHCMYX0 .
Thank you. Can yo also find a restaurant that serves [traditional] food and in the expensive price range?
Unfortunately, we don't have any restaurants in the city that offer traditional food. Is there another type of cuisine I can search for?
Ok, well how about [Chinese] in the expensive range?
Yes, there are a number of options. Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Yes the north please.
Okay, I recommend Hakka on Milton Road Chesterton.
Ok great. Can I get the address and phone number?
Milton Road Chesterton is the address. 01223568988 is the phone number. Can i help you with anything else today?
no. i'm going to head out now. it was great that you could help. goodbye.
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


I need a taxi departing from [huntingdon marriot hotel].
We can help with that. What time do you wish to leave/arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive by [20:15].
Okay, and where will you be arriving to?
[saint barnabas] press gallery please
Ok I have a red ford and the contact number is 07619968321. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I will be looking for the taxi to arrive by 20:15.
I have confirmed that your taxi will arrive by 20:15. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks!
Booked car type red ford Contact number 07619968321


Are there any expensive places to eat in the centre?
There are more than one hundred entries that match your requirements. What type of food do you prefer?
I prefer [French] Cuisine, can you find somewhere that will take reservations for 3 people at [12:30] on wednesday?
The only French restaurant that fits your criteria is called [Cote]. They do not have any availability for Wednesday at 12:30.
Can you try for [11:30] and give me a reference number please.
That was a success. Your reference number is 2GY5ULLL .
Thanks I also need to find a hotel with a 5 star rating.
Unfortunately, I do not show any 5 star hotels. Would you like to try a different rating?
Are you sure? I would prefer a 5 star hotel with free wifi.
I'm positive. There are however three hotels that have four stars that have free wifi, if you would like to view those options.
A 4 star rating is fine, what do you have for that?
I have two in the west area and one in the centre area. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre area is fine. Can you please book it for 3 people, starting on Wednesday for 4 nights and can I please have the reference number?
The booking for the [University Arms Hotel] was successful, and your reference number is 414HUS87 .
Wonderful! That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!
My pleasure. Have a great day!


Please, I need to find a hospital in town, will you please help me?
Addenbrookes Hospital is a great choice, their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
What is the phone number?
The phone number to Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223245151. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
What is their address?
Their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that it is it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?
Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.
To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.
unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out
Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.
One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north
There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?


I want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would also like its phone number.
Hi! Royal Standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area. Their number is 01223247877, anything else?
I appreciate your help. Good bye.
Have a great evening! Goodbye!


I'm looking for some kind of specific places to go later today.
There is so much to do here, what part of town are you in?
I'm in the centre. How about something architecture?
We have 5 options for you. Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds and located on Market Square. I also have All Saints Church on Jesus Lane with free admission.
[All saints church] would be nice. Could I get a phone number for them?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223452587.
Can you locate me an [Irish] restaurant near the church?
I am not able to access that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a particular hotel, [lovell lodge].
It's a 2 star moderately priced hotel in the north. Would you like the address and a room?
Can you book me a taxi from [Lovell Lodge] to [All Saints Church]? I want to leave by [07:15].
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07250174829.
Thank you so much for all of your help. I'm done now.
You are welcome. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Bye.


I feel like trying [Chinese] today, find me a cheap place that serves it please
We have four! 3 in centre and one south. Which area are you going to be in?
I will be in the south.
The lucky star is perfect for you. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Do you need to book a table?
Actually, I will need a restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?
Oh yes, we have three in the city centre. How about the Golden House? It's on Lensfield Road and meets your needs.
Which one do you suggest?
The [Golden House] fits your needs. Would you like to book a table?
Yes 7 people for thursday at [12:15], and can I get the reference number?
I just booked that for you. Your reference number is 1G6KIGNS . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a train. I'm heading to Peterborough on Friday.
I have many departures that leave for peterborough on Friday.What time would you like to leave?
I'll be departing Cambridge and would like to arrive in Peterborough by [19:15]. Can you find a train that would get me there close to that time?
The last train of the day will work for you. It departs at [18:06], and arrives at 18:56. Would you like to book it?
I don't need to book right now. You've told me the departure time. I just need the travel time and the ticket price.
Okay! It's a 50-minute train ride, and it costs 16.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks so much. Bye.
You're welcome! Bye now!


I'm looking for a restaurant that offers [British] food in a moderate price range, can you help me with that?
Yes I have many in the center of town and on in the west. Do you have a preference for area?
Let's try the west.
I have one in the west called Saint Johns Chop House. Would you like a reservation here?
For now, can I just get the phone number and postcode?
Their number is 01223353110. Postcode is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's everything I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre.


Hello. I am looking for information about [Saint Barnabas Press Gallery].
The Saint Barnabas Press Gallery is a museum in the east area of town. The phone number is 01223902116. Would you like the address?
Yes, can I get it please?
It is located at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need help finding a restaurant. Are there any that serve [Chinese] food in the South?
There are 3. What price range do you want?
I'm looking for a an expensive one, please.
[Peking restaurant] is int he expensive price range.
Could you get me a table for 1 at [17:15] on Friday?
Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is LW79C4M8 . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you!
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!


I need help finding a place that serves [spanish] food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
La Tasca and [La Raza] serve Spanish food in the centre of town. What price range would you prefer.
Price range isn't an issue. Can you book me at the one with the most stars please on Monday at [20:00] for 4 people please.
I've booked La Raza for Monday at 20:00, for four people. Your reference number is LD696IB9 . The reservation lasts 15 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything that I need.
Enjoy the rest of your day.


I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I'd prefer an unrated place, I don't need free parking or wifi, for what it's worth.
I have the El Shaddai and the Cityroomz that are not rated. Would you like to book one of these?
Actually, come to think of it I might need free wifi. Do either of those offer that?
Yes, they both do! Do either fancy your interest?
Yes can you please send me the address for [El Shaddai]?
Sure. El Shaddai's address is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
No problem. Happy to help.


Do you have information about the [Cambridge Museum of Technology]?
Yes, the cambridge museum of technology is in the east part of town. The entrance fee in 5 pounds. Would you like a ticket?
Not at this moment. I would like the museum's postcode, though.
Their postcode is cb58ld
Thanks. And it is an actual museum, correct?
Yes, it is a museum. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will cover it. Thanks so much, you've been very helpful.
Your welcome. Enjoy visit at the cambridge museum of technology


I am looking for a very nice [Thai] restaurant in Cambridge.
I have 2 Thai restaurants in Cambridge, both are very expensive. I have one in West and the other in the Centre, do either of them sound good?
Please book a table for [15:45] on Thursday. I would like the thai restaurant in west cambridge.
How many people would you like a table booked for at [Sala Thong]?
7 people please.
Your reservation is booked. The reference number is L84LJ43R .
I also need to leave via train from cambridge after [9:15] on sunday, can you help me with that?
Sure! Where will you be going?
I'll be heading to Broxbourne.
Alright, I see 14 trains here. Would you care for a booking?
I would like it booked and need the reference number.
Would train ID TR9580 leaving at 10:01 and arriving at 11:01 work for you? Would you like tickets for the same party of 7?
Yes, there are 7 of us who will be going.
I have you booked for 7 on that train, the reference number is PP68MYLF .
Great!! Thank you for all your help.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [british] food in cambridge in the moderate price range
We have several options, and most are in the center of town. I recommend [Cotto]!
Can you make me a reservation please?
Absolutely! May I please have the day and time and also the number of people attending?
Actually, I would just like the address, postcode and phone number instead at this time.
Here is that information,phone-01223302010 post code-cb11bg Address-183 East Road City Centre
Thank you, I also need a 4 star hotel in that area for 3 people, 2 nights, starting Friday evening.
The [University Arms Hotel] fits your specifications, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.
Okay, please tell me what day you will arrive, how many days you will stay, and how many people
I need it on Friday for 2 nights and 3 people. Thank you.
It isn't allowing me to make that reservation, is there a different day I can try.
Let's try Sunday, please.
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : Z3CX53OL .
Thanks so much. That's all I needed tonight.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge


Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse on the westside to stay.
I am sorry I have no guest houses in the west. Can I look one up in another area for you?
Are there any other places like that that also have free parking in that area?
I have found one that is cheap with 4 stars, and one that is moderately priced with 3 stars? Do either of those sound appealing to you?
The cheap one with the better rating sounds appealing.
Great! That's [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. It's located at 144 Thornton Road cb30nd. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book it for Friday,thank you.
Can you please tell me how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
Yes, 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.
Worth House in the North is 4 stars and cheap. Would you like to try it?
The amount of stars do not matter as long as it is in the same price range Does [Worth House] in the North include free parking?
Okay well I was able to book you at The Worth House and your reference number is 86XVFEUY .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You are welcome. Also for your reference the Worth House does have free parking. May I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thanks again for your help.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you assist me to find Restaurants in the Center of Cambridge that serves [Chines] foods?
There are 10 results for that search. Can I narrow that down with a price range you'd like to stay in?
I'd like an expensive restaurant, please.
There are four. Would you like a table, or more information?
Ah... just pick one that you recommend and do a reservation for 6 at [14:45] on Saturday.
I've reserved a table for 6 at [ugly duckling] at 14:45 on Saturday. Your confirmation number is G6RS8PAR .
am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi
Sure, can I narrow down your preference a bit? Is there a part of town you prefer?
I'd love it if we could stay in the centre of town. Also, I would like it to be three stars.
Great. Gonville hotel should meet your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me what the price range is at the [Gonville Hotel]?
Yes certainly it is in the expensive price range.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
It is a hotel. Would you like to book it?
No thanks, just gathering info, thank you so much for your help, have a good evening.
I was happy to help. You have a good evening, as well. Good-bye.


I need a centre attraction.
I have many attractions in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind?
What types of attractions are there and what are the entrance fees?
There are over 40 attractions in the centre, in every type of venue. Let's narrow it down a bit and I'd be happy to provide further details. Museum? Architecture? Boats? Colleges?
Boats sounds interesting!
Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter both offer boating in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
No, but could you tell me what their entrance fees are?
I do not have any information on what their fee is, you may want to call them. They are reachable at 01223359750
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and in the same area.
We have quite a few options, is there any cuisine in particular that you would like?
Yes, are there options for [mexican]?
I am not seeing any Mexican restaurants in the expensive price range in that area. Would you like me to try another search for you?
Can you see if maybe there is a [French] restaurant with the same criteria?
[Cote] is an expensive french dining experience. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, give me a table for 6 people at [18:00] Sunday.
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have a different day or time?
Lets try [5pm]
Booking was successful. The reference number is : NYEUMZ53 .
Can you book me a taxi from [S[cudamore's punting]] company to the restaurant?
Please give me information about when you want to leave and arrive.
Yes, I would like to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time at [17:00]
Booking was completed! the car is a black skoda Contact number : 07731972489


How do I locate the closest police station?
The closest station is at Parkside, Cambridge, in the postal code CB11JG.
Thank you so much. Could you also provide me with the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all that I need. Thank you very much.
thank for inquiring with us


Hey, any good [Chinese] places on the southside?
There are three chinese places in the South, two are expensive and one is cheap. Is there a particular price you want or would you like a reccomendation?
I'd like one of the expensive ones. Which is your favorite?
The [Peking Restaurant] is a great option, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that'd be great. Please make a reservation for 5 people for Monday at [17:45].
No problem, I will book it for you now.
Can I get the refrence number?
OK, your table is booked. Reference number is FHZMUKMO . Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.
I hope you enjoy your time.
Oh, you know, I need a guesthouse in the same area of town. I need it for 4 nights starting on Monday for 5 people.
Okay, I recommend [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
Ok I will book it for you
Actually I will handle the booking on my end. Would you like me to proceed per your request?
Yes, please. After booking, will you please send me the reference number?
Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is D1X8g7QX . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!
You are so welcome, have a nice trip


Hello. I am looking for attractions in the east Cambridge area, can you help me?
I have lots of different options. What type of attraction are you interested in. I have museums, entertainment, boating, etc?
Maybe entertainment. Can you give me postcode and entrance fee information?
Sure, the Funky Fun House is located in postcode cb58hy, but the entrance fee is not listed. You could call them at 01223304705. Can I give you any other information today?
Can you look up a train for me? I'll be departing from broxbourne and would like to leave after [15:15].
I have a train leaving broxbourne at 15:32 and arriving in cambridge at [16:32]. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the train ID please?
The trainID is TR4031, anything else I could help you with?
What is the price for the train ticket?
The train ticket costs 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. Thank you.
No thank you. Thank you for your help.
Thanks again for your help.
Enjoy your trip!


Can you help me reserve a taxi to [charlie chan]?
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after [14:15].
And where should we have them pick you up?
I need to be picked up from 6742 North Ridgewood Court .
What time do you want to arrive by?
I don't care.
Where are you departing from?
[kings hedges learner pool] is where i am leaving from.
I have a red honda with contact number 07992450678.
Thank you! I think that is all I need for today.
Great! Have a nice day!


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [traditional] food.
There are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like a different one?
Please find moderately price restaurants that serve [spanish] type of food.
The only restaurant fitting such criteria is [La Tasca].
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
The address is 14 - 16 Bridge Street, the postcode is CB21UF, and the phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you, goodbye.
You are welcome. Good bye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.
graffiti is an expensive place int he wet part of town.
I wasn't really planning for a swim, but I would prefer a place that serves [Indian] food. Are there any in the west?
I found five restaurants that meet your requests, and none of them require you to get wet. Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
No, but if you could pick me the best one and give me the phone number. That would be good.
I highly recommend [india house]. The phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?
Here you go 31 Newnham Road Newnham
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant.
We have everything from colleges to museums and entertainment. Do you have a preference?
Can you make a recommendation?
My favorite is the [Cafe Jello Gallery] at 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I just need to know what the entrance fee is.
Best price of all, free of charge. But the jello cups are extra, (kidding of course). Any further questions today?
No that will be all.
Would you like me to book a reservation at the India House for you today?
I don't need you to book but I would like the postcode for india house, please.
The postcode for India House is cb39ey. Will that be all?
Yeah that will be all. Bye, thanks.
Have a nice day.


Hello! I'm looking for a museum to go to.
Cambridge has so many great museums to choose from, what sort of museum are you interested in visiting?
I would like any type of museum that is located in the centre of town. Can you provide me with an address?
There are 11 museums in that area. Would you like to learn about all of them?
No, can you choose the best one for me and give me the address?
I would recommend [Cambridge Contemporary Art] at 6 Trinity Street.
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and 4 stars and in the west of town.
I'm showing 33 hotel and guesthouses in the centre. What is your price range, do you want wifi and parking? If this is not a good area I can look more.
I have no price range but it needs to be 4 star.
Found 2 hotels with 4 star 1 expensive and the other is cheap which one will you prefer?
Which on is in the west?
I'm happy to tell you that i found three 4 star hotels on the West part of town. Can I book one for you or assist you further?
No, I just need the postcode please.
The postcode is cb30nd.
I also need taxi to take me from the Museum at [22:00] to the hotel, get me the contact number and car type for the taxi.
I'm sorry for the confusion, what hotel did you choose so that I can book the taxi for the correct location?
I am not sure of the name, you did not provide it.
I am sorry about that, we are swamped right now. The name is called [finches bed and breakfast], sorry for any confusion.
Okay, so then book the taxi as requested please, and again do not forget the car type and contact number
Of course, a yellow ford has been booked for you. They can be reached at 07814309592. will that be all today?
No that's all I need today. Thanks so much.
You are welcome and enjoy.


Hey planning on coming out there. Please suggest a train that would arrive in cambridge at [12:30]!
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne.
There is a 09:32 that would arrive by 10:32 for 17.90 pounds. Does that sound good? There are other options if you'd like to leave later.
That works, can you book seats for 4 on that and give me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BIBTGCNA . is there anything else i can help you with?
Do you have any suggestions for entertainment that are in town center?
We have lots of museums, architecture, and colleges. What would you be most interested in?
I would like a museum.
There are 11 in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit? There are many art galleries and some science museums.
My first choice, actually, is not a museum, but an entertainment attraction. What type of entertainment attractions are available?
We don't have any in centre. Maybe a different part of town?
You know, on second thought a museum may be fun. Could you search listings for a museum in the centre?
There are 11 museum in the city centre. Is there a particular type of museum you're interested in? Art? Science?
Art sounds good. Let's try that.
Cambridge contemporary art is very edgy. The address is 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, and it is free. Do you need more information?
No thank you that is all I needed today.
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any more assistance.


Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the south.
You can try [taj tandoori] for indian. Need a reservation?
Sounds good. Yes, for 6 people on Monday at [18:15].
I will make the reservation for you now.
Yes, that would mean you were putting the info in and booking it, followed by giving me the reference number...right?
Yes that is correct,that way you dont miss a spot


Can you book me a moderately priced [British] restaurant?
Is there a particular area that you would like the restaurant to be in? There are a total of 5 listed.
Yes I would like to eat in town centre.
How about [Restaurant One Seven]? I can book a table for you if you'd like.
I'm not sure if I would like to book one yet. Can you please tell me the address, phone number and postcdode?
Address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223337766, and postcode cb21ab.
Thank you very much. I am also looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant with free parking. Can you help with this as well?
How about The Copper Kettle. The are located in the Centre at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. May I book a table for you?
Sorry. I'm looking for a hotel, not a restaurant. It should be in the centre and moderately-priced. It doesn't need to have free parking.
[Cityroomz] meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room there?
This is a hotel type place right? Also what is the address for that?
Yes it's a hotel. The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
alright, I'll take a room there. I'll also need a taxi to take me between the hotel and the restaurant, I need to leave the hotel at [05:00].
Great! I've booked a grey Audi for you. The contact number is 07071074318.
Thank you. That is all that I needed.
It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!


Hiya, I need a taxi to get me to [la margherita].
Not a problem. Can you please let me know where you will be picked up and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
[jesus green outdoor pool] and i want to leave after [23:00]
Your taxi ride has been booked. You'll be picked up by a blue toyota and the contact number is 07733585413.
Wonderful, thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That'll be it.
Have a nice day!


I'm looking for places to eat in the North part of town.
its called city stop restaurant, serves european food and address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
Is it a cheap restaurant?
No, it is expensive.
I need a cheap place, please.
[Royal spice] is cheap and looks great.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at [12:45]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q91F26L3 .
Perfect! Thank you for all of your help.
You're more than welcome. May I do anything else for you today?
Wait, I might want to change my mind about that restaurant. Are there any that serve food from Corsica?
No, there are none fitting that description, sir. Sorry about that.
I figured, my wife asks me odd random question sometimes, had to check. I am all set, thanks.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, thank you. No further questions for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations?
Absolutely! I have about 15 restaurants that are in that area and price range. Can you tell me what type of food you might be trying?
You know, I'd really like to try [north african] food.
I am sorry, but there are no cheap restaurants in the centre serving north african food. Would you like to keep searching for another type?
How about some [chinese] food?
There are three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
How about [Rice House]? I'd like to book a table for two at [19:00] on Monday.
Fantastic! Your table is booked for Rice House at 19:00 on Monday, and the reference number is T0NP4V1O . Is there anything else you need help with?
Can i also book a train to Cambridge?
There are a number of trains that can get you to cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn on Monday.
What are you preferred arrival and departure times?
The train should depart on Monday from Kings Lynn for two people. Please give me my reference number too. Thanks!
Your train has been booked for 2, leaving at 5:11. Reference number VZNMSR6M . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, thank you!
You're welcome, I'm glad to help. Goodbye!


