Thankyou, I am looking for a trian that leaves on friday. I am also wanting it to leave after [12:30].
The TR3685 leaves at 13:00. Need a ticket?
That is going to stevenage, correct?
No it is going to london kings cross, do you need to go to stevenage?
Yes, I must go to Stevenage. How much is a ticket?
The cost is 12.80 pounds for all trains leaving Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. Would you like to book a seat?
First tell me about the attractions in town in the west.
What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It should be in the west part of town.
There are about 13 attractions in the west. I have several colleges, museums, and one entertainment attraction. Which would you prefer?
I'm not picky, choose one for me!
How about [Churchill College]? Does that sound interesting?
That sounds great. Can you get me the address and the entrance fee?
It is located on storey's way. There is no entrance fee! Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks, I am all set.
Happy to be of help. Goodbye.


Hey, could you tell me if there are any [panasian] restaurants in the east side of town?
I'm not finding any restaurants matching that description. Would you like to try searching a different area?
no
OK. Would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine?
Are there any [chinese] restaurants on the east side of town? If so, what is the address, phone number and post code?
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton. Its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is CB58PA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and good bye to you as well.


I'm looking for a place to go in the south of town.
What type of place are you looking for? In the south, we have a cinema, theater, museum, parks, and night club. If you tell me what you are looking for, we can narrow it down.
south. and i need to get address and postcode
Tenpin is a fun place in the south, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy.
And can you help me find a train to get to Birmingham New Street. It needs to leave after [19:15].
May I ask what day you are needing to book the train for?
I'll be traveling on Monday.
There are four trains on Monday that would meet your needs, leaving at [20:01], 21:01, 22:01, and 23:01.
ok, i'll do the first train
That's train TR2850 leaving at 20:01 and arriving at 22:44. Would you like reservations?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets actually. Can you confirm that it does indeed leave from Cambridge? And I'll need the travel time also. Thanks.
I can confirm the train leaves from Cambridge. The travel time is 163 minutes. May I help with something else?
That's it for today. Thanks so much for your help.
Thank you, have a great evening.


I'm looking for a pricey [Indian] place. I wanna show off to my date.
I have many good expensive Indian restaurants in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you would prefer?
How about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at [16:45] on a Friday.
Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day?
Can you try booking it for [15:45] instead?
I was able to book that for you, the reference number is VKRSAFBU
Thank you very much, that is all for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!


I want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate would be preferred.
I am sorry but there is nothing in the moderate price range. Would you like another price range?
What about a moderate hotel located in the North?
I have found 9 hotels in north. Do you have any other preferences so we can narrow them down?
No other preferences. Can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting Friday
I was able to book your party of 6 into [Acorn Guest House], reference 1IJ5VMO1 . Is there anything more today?
Great I am also looking to go to a museum.
I have found 23 museums. Is there a particular are of the city you interested in?
No, I don't have any preference, other than it's a museum. Could you pick one and give me the area and postcode please?
[Broughton House Gallery] is located in the centre area and the postal code is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by [13:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white tesla Contact number : 07199782838 anything else i can help you with?
No that was it. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I need a cheap place to dine please.
We have 22 inexpensive restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I don't care about the type of food. I need a reservation for Wednesday night.
I can book you for dojo noodle bar, how many should I book for and what is the preferred time?
Is [dojo noodle bar] in the centre of town? I need something in that area, please.
It is. How many people will there be and what time would you like on Wednesday?
The reservation needs to be for 2 for [17:00] on Wednesday evening. Do they have a table then?
The booking was unsuccessful. Would like to book it at another time?
No. It needs to be t 17:00. Another restaurant in the same area and price range would work.
Okay I booked you into the [J Restaurant] that also serves Asian food in the cheap price range and your reference number is 7MUMBMFD .
Thanks so much. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but I would like it to be cheap.
There are lots of accommodations in the cheaper price range, but they do all offer free parking. Also, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be in?
Yes, the east part of town.
How about [autumn house]?
As long as it has free parking, we are good to go!
Great, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Yes and can I get a postcode?
The postal code is cb58rs. What day would you like to book the room for and the legnth of stay?
I am not sure on the day yet, However am looking for a train to goes to Broxbourne.
Sure, there are many leaving from Cambridge. What day and time are you looking for?
I would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by [20:00].
TR1148 leaves Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in broxbourne 19:01. It is the last train on Wednesday. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, for six people, please. And I'd like the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8YRZZYEZ .
Thank you, that is everything that I need.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.


I would like to know more about [Rosa's b&b]
Sure Rosa's is located on the south side of town, is in the cheap price range and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?
I'm sorry Rosa's does not have rooms available for those days. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, do you have a different cheap hotel available?
I have none in the same area, would a different are be okay?
Just please can you find a place in the same price range. I'll need a reference number please.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] was able to be booked, reference number is A36615HD .
Thank you so much!
Thank you for using our system!


Do you have information about the [Lovell Lodge]?
I do. It's a moderately priced 2 star hotel.
What is the postcode for the Lovell Lodge, please? I want to determine the location.
The postcode is cb41sr. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that'll do it. Thanks so much for your help.
Alright. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!


I'm just looking for a place to go in the centre of the town.
I have 44 attractions in the centre of town. What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend I need the phone number and entrance fee information as well.
I would recommend the [old schools]. The address is trinity lane and it's free admission. Will this work?
Perfect. May I have the entrance fee and phone number please?
The entrance fee is free and the phone number is 01223332320.
I'm also looking for a train that departs after [13:00] from Stevenage.
sure, what's your destination?
It should be going to Cambridge
TR7785 leaves at [13:54]. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Book for 8 people please.
I was able to book it for you the reference number is I9C3W0X1 . The cost is 102.40 gbp that you can pay at the station.
Okay, great! That's all I needed. Thanks! Have a good day!
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train that leaves on monday from cambridge
Ok and what is your destination?
Norwich. I'd like to leave after [17:30]
Okay, the TR6675 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please book that for 5 people.
Your train tickets are booked, please retain reference number: YVHR5SZJ and the fee for the tickets is 88GBP, which you will be required to pay at the station. Anything else today?
I need a restaurant that serves [catalan] food and it should be in the west.
Unfortunately, I'm not finding any Catalan restaurants in the west. Would you like me to look in other areas?
Is there another high-end restaurant in the west area that you can recommend?
Are you looking for expensive food?
Yes, please.
Cocum is an expensive restaurant on the west part of town serving Indian food. Would you like more information or reserve a table?
I don't really like Indian food. Are there any expensive [british] restaurants in the west?
Yes, I have 2. The Graffiti and [Traveller's Rest]. Do you know which you would prefer?
I don't really have a preference. Which one would you recommend?
I would recommend the Travellers rest. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, I would like a table.
What day and time will you want a table?
the same group of people at [11:45] on the same day and I need the reference number
Your table is booked, ref#QMAI5KUQ . Can I help you with anything else today?
that's all thanks
excellent, have a great day!


Hello. I'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any?
Indeed there are. In fact, there are 11. If you'd like an inexpensive, 4 star guesthouse with free internet and free parking, Worth House is a good choice.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.
I would suggest this one [city centre north b and b].
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Monday please.
I have made the booking the Reference number is E6UVD9OL . Is there anything else i can help you with?
Would you mind finding some info on a train into Cambridge for me?
I could do that for you. Can you give me a time ?
Yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on Monday. I would like to leave after [19:30].
Their is a train that leaves Monday at 21:29. it costs 10.10 pounds and it's a 38 minute trip. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me 4 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H4BIFD0U . Will there be anything else today?
I will also need a place to stay.
A guesthouse has already been booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from Bishops Stafford to Cambridge.
There are 2 trains that meet your criteria. The TR8167 and the TR9693. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please, for 4 people. How about the TR8167 please.
Oh! It looks like we've already booked Train TR8167 for your group of 4. Your reference number is H4BIFD0U . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel booking.
What area would you like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.
Okay! Would you like to stay at City Centre North B and B, or at Worth House?
I would prefer the centre.
Okay, there is already a booking for you there. The reservation number is E6UVD9OL .
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
have a great day too
you too and thanks again
Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
Certainly. What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
The north part of town please. Are there any guesthouses?
We have ten such places.
Great! Could you book one of those for Sunday for me?
I'm sorry, there isn't anything available for Sunday. Would a different day work?
How about just 1 night?
I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that day at all. Would it be possible for your to book another day?
I really need a room for 4 people on Sunday.
I'm not sure we're going to be able to help you get a room on Sunday. Can you restate your requirements?
I need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights. I need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
I actually attempted all ten guesthouses with the booking instructions, all of them are unsuccesful. May need to try hotels or different area to move forward.
Try hotels in the north, then.
The rooms are booked then , shall I try a shorter stay?
Ok, can you try for just 1 night please?
I was able to get you in for one night at the [Acorn Guest House], reference number 2T2WBNRP . Sorry it took so long. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also am looking to dine out. Something [European], and expensive.
There are 5 different expensive European restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to eat in?
Nearest the hotel will be fine, I also need a cab after the restaurant
City Stop Restaurant is the european restaurant in the north near your hotel. Where would you like the taxi to take you after the restaurant?
I would like to go back to the hotel after eating
Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to pick you up from the restaurant?
I would like to book the [City Stop Restaurant] for 4 people on Sunday at [15:45]. I need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.
Okay your all set! Reference number is 9ABQGPGT . Anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?
I have booked a yellow lexus, contact number 07327430362. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you! You were so helpful!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.
do you want particular food type?
I don't care
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, in the expensive price range and in the south part of town
Are there any other options?
[frankie and bennys] serves italian food, in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please give me the phone number, address, and postcode.
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the postcode is CB17DY, and the phone number is 01223 412430.
What is the postcode again?
The postcode for frankie and bennys is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day


can i get a place to go which is a collage?
I can help. What part of town are you looking to spend time in?
No place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode
queens' college is in the west and has the poccode cb39et
please also find me information about [warkworth house]
Warkworth house is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the east end. Would you like to book a stay?
Yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, I am taking the wife out for a surprise trip.
Oh! What a wonderful surprise! I've booked a room for three nights for the two of you at Warkworth House beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is QHYB953G .
Thank you very much. I think that's all I need today.
So glad we could be of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and I hope your wife enjoys her surprise trip!


I'm looking for an attraction in the centre.
There are so many to choose from. Any idea what kind of attraction you would like to visit?
Yes, I would like to go to a college with free admission.
There are 10 colleges in the centre with free admission. Would you like me to suggest one?
What is that college's postcode? I'm also hungry and want somewhere to eat.
Christ's college have a free entrance
Can you give me the postcode for [Christ's College]?
sure thing it is cb23bu, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a cheap [Chinese] restaurant.
There are four options, [charlie chan] is in the centre near the college that you are visiting, shall I book you?
Yes please book it for monday at [11:15]
How many will be at your table?
It will just be a table for one. Go ahead and book it
The reference # is 4ZBQs5GE . Need anything else?
I also need a taxi that will arrive by the booking time.
Booked car type : white ford Contact number : 07018249902
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!
You are welcome. Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking.
I have 14 places that match your request. Is there a certain area or type of lodging that you would like?
I am looking for a guesthouse type please.
Can I get information on the area you would like the guesthouse in?
Yes please, and let try the North part of town.
I have 5 guesthouses available in the north with free parking. What star rating are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
If the [Acorn Guest House] has free wifi, please book it for me.
What day would you like it booked for?
Starting Sunday for 3 nights and 6 people.
I am sorry but I was unable to book that for you. Should I try another hotel?
yes, lets try a different hotel in the same price range.
I could try the [home from home] for you. Would that work for you?
Only if it has free parking.
Yes it does and I was able to book it for you! The reference number is LCO449VR .
Thank you, so much. That is everything I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!


I am looking for a hotel located in Cambridge called the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]. Can you find some information on it?
Sure. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the west area. It is a 4-star hotel with free internet and parking. It is one of our expensive offerings.
Sound nice. Can you book 2 nights for me starting Monday? There are 8 of us.
This is actually a 4 Star Hotel. May i know how many rooms you will need for the 8 of you?
I will need 4 rooms for 2 nights. If the two nights doesn't work, then 1 night will work. Could I have the reference number of the booking?
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number


Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes, there are several. Do you prefer Asian or British food?
i will do [modern european] food
Okay we have the de luca cucina and bar and the riverside brasserie. Which one would you like?
Let's do the [riverside brasserie]. What about a table for 3 at [15:00] on Saturday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TYDEG9IJ .
Great I also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.
Sure, what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on a Sunday.
Do you have a preferred time frame ?
I want to arrive by [11:15].
TR3177 will arrive by 10:07 and leaves at 09:50 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Include the reference number please
You are set, the total fee is 3.52 GBP payable at the station, your Reference number is WVJC995L . May I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you. Goodbye
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a posh [British] restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?
Do you have any location in mind?
Any location is fine, Ill go with whatever you recommend, please book me for 7 people on monday at [11:00]
A table has been booked for you at graffiti.
May I have the reference number?
The reference number is ABNPDU1B
I also need a train leaving on wednesday.
Where are you travelling to and at what time?
Departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street. Leaving Wednesday and want to arrive by [09:45].
I have two trains that will get you in by 9:45. What is the earliest you want to leave?
I would like the train that gets me there close to 9:45.
TR2835 will arrive by 09:27 how many tickets do you need for the train?
Oh, it's the same group of people from the restaurant. Can I get the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XZCDEB01 .
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks!
Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [Sri Lankan] food in the moderate price range.
There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try something else?
Could you check again in the centre of town?
I am sorry again there are no matches for that type of food. Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes could you search for [italian] food instead?
I have 2 listings one for pizza express and pizza express Fen Ditton. One of these sound good to you?
Great. Can you reserve a table for 5 at [Fen Ditton]? Sunday at [12:00] would be great.
Sure I booked your table at Pizza Express Fen Ditton at 12:00 on Sunday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is OLEZKDIT .
Thank you! also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 5.
I'm not showing any 5 star hotels. Is 4 star ok?
Well then yes, 3 stars would be OK.
Would you prefer a 3 star hotel in the south or centre area?
Area doesn't matter. You can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting sunday.
I recommend the [gonville hotel]. I booked that for you as requested, and the reference number is 8ZO3CLGC . Anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You are welcome enjoy.


hi I want a train to Ely arrived by [13:45], can you help me do that?
What time do you want to depart?
Any time is fine as long as it's on Saturday.
There is only one train that would meet your criteria closely and it leaves at 11:50 and arrives in Ely at 12:07. may I book that for you?
Yes, please. I will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.
First, may I confirm that your departure site is Cambridge?
That is correct.
I have successfully booked you 8 tickets. Your reference number is 0YY5WZQ6 . Is there anything else you need?
I also need a [Thai] restaurant in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about a restaurant that serves [european] food? I'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.
There are 5 places that serve European. Did you prefer modern European, or just European food in general?
Just european food in general, please.
How about the Galleria? Their phone number is 01223362054 and the address is 33 Bridge Street, the postcode is cb21uw
Sounds lovely. Thank you so much for all of your help!
Thank you for using this system.


Is there an expensive restaurant serving [caribbean] food?
I'm sorry but there aren't any venues offering Caribbean food in the expensive price range.
How about [thai]?
There's Bangkok City in the centre of town, and Sala Thong on the west side.
Great, what is the address and phone number for [bangkok city]?
their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 Green Street City Centre.


I need help, i just been the victim of a robbery.
Are you hurt?
I am not hurt but I need to get in touch with the police, can you send me the address?
Sure, here it is: Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you for your help
You are most welcome!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses offering free parking. Do you have a price range?
No, just have to be in the east.
I suggest the guesthouse, [Allenbell]. Their address is 517a Coldham Lane cb13js. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights please.
I'll be happy to do that for you, what day will you plan on arriving for your stay?
I need the room starting on friday, please.
I was able to book you. Your references number is HIASSAH9 .
Awesome. Thank you. Can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the centre of town?
Sure I have many. Should i suggest one for you?
Yes. Please make a suggestion.
How about [all saints church] located on jesus lane? There is no entrance fee, and the postcode is cb58bs.
Sounds great. Can you book a taxi to the church for me? I want to leave the hotel by [5:45].
That has been booked. Be expecting a white Toyota. Should you need to reach them, please call 07017250356.
That would be it and thanks a lot
You have a great day.


I need a taxi arriving by [16:45].
Sure! Where are you coming from?
I want to leave from [nandos, city] center.
Great. And where will you be traveling to?
I'm going to [parkside police station] to turn myself in.
Ok, your contact number is 07037812928 and it will be a black volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks
You are very welcome. Goodbye.


I want to find information on a restaurant called [Wagamama].
Oh good choice. Wagamama is an expensive [japanese] restaurant that is located in the centre area. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Sure I would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at [18:00] on tuesday.
I was able to book at table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:00. Your Reference number is : ZZAA5FY2 . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also want to find a mutliple sports attraction in the town centre.
I'm sorry. We don't have any results. Would you like to try a different attraction type or area?
How about a museum?
How about the [castle galleries]?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you give me the address please.
The address for Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there any other information you need?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Your welcome. Have a great day!


I need to book a train on friday
where are you wanting to go to?
I want to get to Cambridge by [10:15].
Great. I can help you with that. Where were you going to be departing from?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford.
The TR2083 will take you from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge. It departs on Friday at 09:29 and you'll arrive in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book it?
No but I also need and expensive restraint in the center area.
What type of food would you be interested in?
[molecular gastronomy]
I do not have any of that sort of food. Shall I try another?
Yes, please try [Italian] food.
Might I suggest [clown's cafe]? It's an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre.
That would be great, could you get me the phone number, address, and postcode please?
I'm confused, are you interested in Indian or Italian food?
I definitely want italian food, please.
OK, would you like more info on clowns cafe to a booking?
phone number, address and postcode please
The clowns cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb11ln and they can be reached at 01223355711. Will that be all today?
That is all thank you.
im happy i was able to help. gooday
Good day to you as well. Again, thank you so much. Good-bye.
Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


Hello. I'm looking for a few good places to see in town on my next visit to cambridge.
There are lots of churches in the centre of town. Would you like to visit one?
No, I need something in the western part of town.
There are many colleges and museums on the west side. There is also one entertainment center. Which do you prefer?
What would you recommend? I don't have a preference.
[Queens college] is quite pretty. It is on Silver street in the west.
Is it near the [Hobsons House] hotel?
Yes, both the Hobsons House and the college are both in the west part of town. Would you like information for the college?
Actually, the college sounds great. I don't need more info. But I would love a taxi to get me from [Queens College] to [Hobsons House]. I want to leave by [16:30].
Do you know when you want to get there by?
It doesn't matter.
Booking completed! Your ca is a black lexus and the contact number is 07301130189
Perfect! That's all I need today, thank you!
You are very welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a [portuguese] restaurant in the south side.
[Nandos] is a Portuguese restaurant at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Their phone number is 01223327908.
Sounds good can I make a booking for 7 people at [14:00] on saturday?
Yes great! Your booking was successful and the reference number for your booking is AKFP9F2B .
Beautiful, just need some info on the [express by holiday inn cambridge].
Yes that hotel is in the expensive range on the east side and offers free wifi and parking. Anything else?
yeah i want to book that hotel too. for the same group of people.
For what day and time do you need?
I will need thursday at 17:00 please.
for how many days?
4 nights, please. Reference number, please.
The booking with successful your reference number is UHTGVMDM . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, that will do it, I appreciate your help today. Thank you.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your stay!


Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?
There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you interested in any particular price range?
I'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must.
They [archway house] may be a good option.
Do they have free parking?
Yes they have free parking.
Can I have the phone number and what is the price range?
The price range of Archway House is moderate and their phone number is 01223575314. Would you like any more information? I can book you a room if you would like.
No thanks. But can you help me find a train into Cambridge for Wednesday please?
Where will you leave from?
Ely is where I will be leaving from.
What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I'm sorry, I will actually be leaving Norwich. I need to arrive by [21:15].
i have train tr8658 that will arrive at 20:35. did you need any tickets?
No thank you that will be all
Okay, have a great day!


Can you tell me about a particular hotel called the [avalon]?
The Avalon is a 4 star hotel in north Cambridge that is in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 people, 5 nights. We'll arrive on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DYAMG2CY . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the north.
We have many fine places in the north. I personally recommend the City Stop.
Do any of these places serve [Vietnamese] food?
Unfortunately, there are no results. Would you like me to search a different area or food type?
Can you please try [French] food instead?
Restaurant [Restaurant Two Two] is an expensive French restaurant in the north with wonderful food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please for two people at [16:15] on Wednesday please if its not too much trouble.
I have made your reservation at restaurant two two. Your reference number is VIVBN8WU .
Thats all for today thanks !
Okay, you are very welcome! Goodbye!


I need to find a cheap place to eat.
I can find that for you. What cuisine are you interested in?
We would prefer [vietnamese] please. In the west area?
There is a restaurant called [Thanh Binh]. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes i would like a table for 7 people on monday at [13:15]
Booking was unsuccessful do you have any other preference?
Can you try [12:15] on Monday?
Your reservation has been set for Monday at 12:15 for 7 people. The reference number is 3MTLQCBA . Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you I also need a train on tuesday leaving after [17:30]
I would be happy to help with that. Can you tell me the departure city and where you are going?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Stevenage. I would like to leave after 17:30 please.
Alright, TR6692 looks like your best bet. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes. Please book that for me. Thanks so much!
How many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one ticket, please.
I've booked that ticket for you. The reference number is FTLHURXQ, and the total fee is 12.8 GBP.
Thank you, what is the arrival time?
The travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to know any more info?
Can you tell me when that train will be arriving in stevenage?
Certainly. The train will arrive at 20:10. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about does it. Thanks for the help today.
It was my pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves [french] food.
There are no French restaurants in the west. Would you like to try a different part of town or a different type of food?
There are no expensive french restaurants in the west?
Yes, that's right.
What about an expensive place that serves [British] food?
I have two that meets that criteria. I would like to recommend the graffiti it is in the west side and serves british food.
Let's try the [graffiti]. I need their phone number, address, and the post code please.
The phone number is 01223277977. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon road postcode cb30lx.
Thanks. I also need a train ticket. The train needs to arrive by [13:15] and go to cambridge please.
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Ely.
What day would you like to travel and do you have a specific departure time in mind?
The train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.
consider it done,
Di you find me a train?
I TR0212 the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : RWIT4QLJ .


I'm in the north area of town and need to get a room to stay in.
Are you looking for a room, or another type of service?
Sorry. I'm actually looking for some type of attraction I can go to up in the north. Any suggestions?
I have four different kinds, what type would you like?
How about your favorite? What type is that?
I really like the Riverboat Georgina. Do you need any information about something like this?
Yes, what type of attraction is this? Also, could I get the address and postcode?
It is a boat. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
I think that is all. Thanks
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


Can you suggest some places to dine?
Sure. Do you have any preferences as far as area, cuisine or price range?
I'd like [Indonesian] food if it's available.
I have no listings for that type of food,any other types you would like?
Please check to see if there are any restaurants that serve [modern European] food.
Yes I have many options in this category. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
Any restaurant you recommend is fine. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number.
I would suggest riverside brassiere.
Ok, can I have the address, postcode, and phone number please?
Their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, postcode cb21rt. Their phone is 01223259988.
Im also looking for a 4 star hotel. It needs to have free parking.
I have 3 hotels that meet what you have asked for. Two are in the west and one is in the centre. What area are you looking to stay?
I don't have a preference for an area. I will need free wifi, now that I think about it.
I recommend the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel].
Thanks. That sounds good. Can you give me the area it's in?
Absolutely. It is in the west part of the city. Would you like me to book it for you?
No booking just yet, but I do want to know the price range and phone number please
Sure, it's in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I assist with anything else?
That is everything that I need.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


What can you tell me about the [bangkok city] restaurant?
sure their phone number is 01223354382. anything else i can help you with?
Thank you! What part of town is it in?
They're in the centre of town. They are an expensive restaurant located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes and also looking for a train. The train should leave after [13:15] and should depart from cambridge
I'll need to know how many will be dining, the day and the time you want to dine to book the restaurant. There are several trains leaving cambridge after 13:15.
I won't need to book a table but thank you. For the train I need to leave monday and am headed towards peterborough.
Okay, I have the TR5901 that leaves at 13:34 and arrives at 14:24 Will that work for you?
First can I have the price and what the travel time is?
Train TR5901 has a travel time of 50 minutes and has a price of 16.50 pounds
Can you book it for me?
How many tickets do you need?
I'm not sure how many yet. Thank you for all the information. I'll get back to you. Goodbye.
it is okey, thanks and good bye too


I need a train that is leaving after [11:30]
The closest time I have is a train from London Kings Cross on Friday at 13:00. It will arrive to Cambridge at 13:51.
I'm nowhere near London Kings Cross though. What about Birmingham New Street?
I have one leaving Birmingham new street at 11:40 and arriving by 14:23, would you like me to book it for you?
What's the travel time and Train ID for that one?
That would be the TR7040, leaving Birmingham New Street 11:40, arriving Cambridge 14:23, for a travel duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket?
Great. Could you please get me some information on a particular attraction called the [fitzwilliam museum]?
Yes, of course. What information do you require about this museum?
I just need adress for the museum,thank you
The address is trumpington street the postcode is cb21rb.
Thank you can you help me find a restaurant too?
Do you have a particular kind of restaurant in mind?
Yes, I would like to eat at a [Chinese] restaurant.
Okay! In what part of town?
Actually I am just looking for an attraction called the fitzwilliam museum.
What would you like to know about The Fitzwilliam Museum?
I just need the address please.
Sure, the museum is on trumpington street. Do you need any additional information?
No, I'm all set.
Great, have a wonderful day!


Hi I am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of Cambridge.
There are two places matching your requests, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Which do you prefer?
Which one has free parking?
It looks like they both do. Do you have a preference for guesthouse or hotel?
Do both also have free wifi? If so, can you book the guest house.
Absolutely, Finches Bed and Breakfast it is. What day would you like me to book you for? How large is your party? How long is your stay?
What is the star rating of the hotel?
[Finches] is rated 4 stars. Please provide me with information regarding your reservation and I would be happy to take care of booking the hotel for you.
I am also looking for a Pizza Hut.
There are three Pizza Hut's locations listed: Fen Ditton, City Centre, and Cherry Hinton. Are you interested in one of these?
I need the address, type of food, and price range for the [Fen Ditton] location, please.
The Pizza Hut is located in Fen Ditton in the Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. Should I book a table for you?
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places please.
what time do you want to depart from finches?
I'd like to leave by [22:15], please.
OK, I have a white toyota picking you up at [Finches] at 22:15 and traveling to the [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton]. Contact number is 07655072535.
That's incorrect. I need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:15 and takes me back to the hotel.
Okay. No problem. I have corrected that for you. I have booked you into a white Volvo with a contact number of 07064227120. They will pick you up at 22:15.
Okay wonderful. Thanks for all your help.
It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any future concerns. Have a nice day.


I need to take a train, I want to leave on Wednesday after [11:00].
sure, what is your destination?
From broxbourne to cambridge.
I have 13 trains that would work. They depart every hour, starting at 11:32. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time doesn't matter as long as I leave after 11:00.
I can help you with that, how many tickets do you need?
I just need information right now. Would you choose a train leaving after 11:00? I need the train ID, arrival time and price, please.
TR5953 arrives by 12:32 and costs 17.90 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 60 minutes
Thank you , can you help me find an [Indian] restaurant in the centre?
There are several Indian restaurants to choose from, are you looking for a certain price range?
I want the restaurant to be expensive.
There are six options but my personal favorite is saffron brasserie, would you like a booking or just more information?
I trust your opinion. Please book a table at [Saffron Brasserie] for 5 people at [15:15] on Wednesday.
Your reservation was made at the saffron brasserie. Your reference number for your reservation is 0B8PEDPB .
Thank you so much. That was everything I needed!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Hi, I'm looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge
What day do you need the ticket for? Trains leave every hour.
I am travelling on Monday and need to leave after [16:30].
The TR0244 leaves at 17:21 and arrives by 18:10. Would you like this one?
Yes please. What is the cost for this train?
My apologies. The train ID is TR0254 not TR0244. The cost is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for 6 people.
Yes that booking was successful and your reference number for the trip and tickets is PENZQ430 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using this system!


I have to book a place to eat that serves [irish] food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
I am sorry there are no listings, would there be another area I can search for you?
How about a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food in the centre instead?
I have 3 restaurants. Two are expensive and one is moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at [16:45] on Sunday?
It can not, I am sorry. Shall I try another?
Can I get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced?
How about [the Oak Bistro]? It's a British restaurant in the centre, also moderately priced.
That sounds amazing. Please try to book that for me.
Your booking was successful. Your booking number was 13HISQU8 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you have a good day too.


i am planning a trip in cambridge
Great! Would you like to book a train to take you there?
I will bee a hotel called [hobsons house].
What do you need to know about the Hobsons House guesthouse?
I would just like some general information before I book, what area is it in?
It's located in the west. Would you like more information?
That's good. Book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting Tuesday.
I have you booked at the Hobsons House starting Tuesday for 4 days for three people. Your reference number is P4RWFGM2 . May I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train leaving from cambridge.
Where would you like to go?
am going to stansted airport
Okay, what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive at the airport by [14:45] on Saturday.
There are 9 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by? We can narrow the results down that way.
Saturday, please. I will need the departure time, train ID, and price.
I think this train might work well for you. TR6193 leaves at 13:40 and gets in at 14:08. It costs 14.08 pounds. Can I book this?
Not right now. Thanks for all your help though.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I need a taxi please.
Ok. Where do you need the taxi to pick you up at?
Nevermind. I will not need the taxi after all. Thank you for all your help. Please book a seat on TR6193 for me.
Your train is booked for Sat your fee is 24.24 GBP and payable at station. Your ref. number is HGQGS7MX
thank you for your help today !
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.
Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I need a train from cambridge on sunday.
There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the [morning] would be better for me.
I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after [09:00] and head to Peterborough.
I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.
I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP . Do you need anything else?
I also need information on a hotel called [hobsons house].
Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced. It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
No thank you. I just need their phone number for now.
their phone number is 01223304906. is that all?
Yes, that is all I will be needing for now.
Okay, have a great day!


I need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.
There are many options available for you. In what area would you like to be located?
I don't mind the area.
I recommend the [Allenbell] guesthouse. It's 4 stars, but cheap!
What's the address there, please.
The address is 517a coldham lane. Do you need anything else?
i need to go eat
Did you need help finding information on restaurants?
Yes, I'd like something cheap in the centre.
i have 15 cheap restaurants in that area. what is your preferred food?
I don't have a preference for food. Anything is fine. Just cheap and in the Centre.
I recommend the [golden house], if you like Chinese. I'd be happy to book a table for you.
Book table for 3 saturday at [19:30] and need reference number. I want a taxi to go between the guesthouse and restaurant in time for reservation. Contact number & car type?
Ok, your reference number for the restaurant is CFR1XESP . Before I move on, did you need anything else regarding dining?
Thank you! No, I just need to get a taxi that arrives before my reservation time, please.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the hotel
Booked. The Taxi will be a blue volvo and the contact number: 07653266113
Thank you so much for your help. I think that's all I need right now.
welcome all the time
Thanks so much! Have a great day!
Have a great time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the centre of town?
There is the alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like to book one of them?
I want one that's 0 stars.
I only have one place with a 0 star rating. The [El Shaddai]. Would you like me to book it?
That sounds good. Please go ahead.
I would be happy to make that booking. Are you traveling alone, and for how many days would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 5 nights.
How many people?
One person starting Wednesday. Need the reference number and also looking for a [Cuban] restaurant in the expensive price range.
Your booking was successful. The reference number for your stay is 26KK8TWA . What area will the Cuban restaurant be in?
In the Centre please.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match your requirements. Do you have other suggestions?
ok thankyou, will figure out what to do
Can I help you with anything else ?


I am looking for a place to get a boat. Can you help me?
Yes I have locations on the east, north and city center. Any preference for location?
No, I don't have any preference. You can just pick whichever one looks best and give me the phone number, address, and area.
No problem. There is the Riverboar [Georgina] which is located in the north side of town. The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruises, Jubilee House and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great! I also need a hotel while I am there. I do need free parking but internet is optional.
Alright. There are a total of 29 hotels and guesthouses available. Is there a certain price range or area you wish?
I would like a three star hotel, do not care about price.
[Gonville Hotel] is a three star hotel with parking and is in the centre area. Does this sound good?
Yes that sounds fine. I would like to book a reservation please.
I'd be happy to make that reservation for you. What days would you like to stay there, and how many are in your party?
Can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 7 people?
The booking was successful! Your reference number is UR6L3NLS . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to get a taxi to go between them, please.
We can certainly help with that. Are you heading to the boat or to the hotel, and what time do you need the taxi?
I need to leave the hotel by [5:00].
I was able to get a red volvo for you phone number 07586716905
Thank you very much for helping me today!
Not a problem and thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre


Hello, can you help me find a train going to London Kings Cross?
Sure! What day are you planning on leaving?
On Monday, from Cambridge.
What time would you like to depart. I have anything from 5:00 to 23:00
I'd like to leave after [15:45], please.
TR7786 will leave at 17:00, would that work for you?
Can I get the travel time for that as well?
The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I want a cheap [swedish] restaurant in the centre, please.
I wasn't able to find a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre of time. Would you like me to try a different type of food?
Yes, please. Is there a restaurant with [Indian] food?
There are 3 restaurants that match what you're looking for, would you like me to book one for you?
I'll take whichever one you recommend. I just need the phone number, postcode & address please.
I would recommend the Ghandi. They are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223353942, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I apologize but can you give me the arrival time for train TR7786?
Sure I can. The arrival time for that train is 17:51. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything I need. Thank you very much.
You're very welcome! I hope that you enjoy your time here! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I'm looking for a place called [gonville hotel].
The Gonville is an elegant 3 star hotel in the centre of town, offering free wifi and free parking. Would you like a reservation or the number?
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
All set. Your reference number is P10CUJQ2 .
Thank you. I also need a place to eat in the city centre.
Ok. What type of restaurant are you interested in?
I'm looking for a cheap [Indian] restaurant.
Can I recommend the kohinoor. Shall I book it ?
What is the phone number, address, and postcode?
[Kohinoor] restaurant address is 74 Mill Road City Centre, postcode is cb12as and the phone number is 01223323639
Can you please help me get a taxi?
I need to know when you want to leave and arrival time in order for me to order you a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel by [08:15] going to the restaurant.
blue skoda Contact number : 07053589039 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Great. Have a good day.


I need the address for the Parkside police station
It's located at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the phone number please?
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye


what is a good tourist spot?
We have a wide variety of restaurant choices! The options range from Asian Oriental, European, and French. I can give you information on any of those choices if you want.
Actually, I was looking for [italian] food in the moderate price range.
There are 5 such restaurants. What area of town would you like?
It really doesn't matter.
There are 5 restaurants that fit your criteria, 4 of those appear to be pizza places. Does that sound okay with you?
Go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on Sunday at [14:15]. Thanks.
I'm very sorry that time is not available at any of the 5 restaurants, would you like to try a little earlier or later possibly?
Is [13:15] available?
Booking was successful for the [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton, located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Your reference number is ZYOHEW6U .
I am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.
I have several trains available. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive?
I'm looking to get to Cambridge on Sunday by [10:45]
There is one that arrives by 9:58 TR1526 if that works for you.
Yes. Could you make a booking for 2 people? I need a reference number as well.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is E9GWV6VS . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great that's all I needed, thanks.
Lovely. Enjoy your trip!


I need to make a call to the Parkland Police Station please.
Sure, their phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks. Can I also get the address and postcode?
Yes they are located at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Wonderful. Have a wonderful day.


I'm so tired. Really need a place to lay my head for the nights. Can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?
Absolutely! There is the Bridge Guest House which is moderately priced and The Lensfield Hotel which is more expensive. They are both 3-star establishments in the South.
Does the [Lensfield Hotel] include parking?
Yes, it does include parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book that for 6 people starting Thursday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well.
Your rooms for 6 have been reserved at the Lensfield Hotel. Reference number: P00B5C1R . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, I need a trains going to london liverpool street.
Sure. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday and need to arrive by [13:15].
I've booked 6 tickets for you. The total is 99.6 GBP and your reference number is VZX1QAGN . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that seems to be everything. Thank you.
Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.


yes you can help me I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range.
I have 17 places that match your request. Is there an area or price range you are looking for?
Yes East part of town
I have 3 guest house on that side of town. The [warkworth house] is a real good one if you would like to book it?
Could you make me a reservation for Thursday for 4 nights?There will be 5 people.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful for that time,there are 2 others can I check with either of them?
Yes please check them for me.
Booking was successful. Your reservation is at a and a guest house. Starting on Thursday for 4 nights for 5 people. Your reference number is OFJ58GX8 .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Le t us know if you need anything else, good day.


I'd like to find a college to visit in the center of town.
I have found 13 of them. Can you please be more specific about what you would like?
You can choose one for me and give me the address.
I recommend [Emmanuel college]. Their address is saint andrew's street
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to stay with free wifi?
There are 32 hotels that offer free internet, is there a price range or area you prefer?
moderate price range thank you
I narrowed it down to 17. What part of town would you prefer and do you want free parking?
I would prefer the north please.
I would suggest the [acorn guest house] it is a great place to stay.
That will be fine. I'll need to book for Saturday, 3 nights, and 1 person.
You're all set! Your reference number is 41BK9PC7 .
Actually one more thin, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave at [09:45].
Okay, I booked a yellow honda and their contact number is 07225232221. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be it for today.
No thank you that will be all


Could you help me finding some place to eat for dinner?
Do you have a food type preference?
No I'm trying to find an attraction near town centre, preferably near a college.
I have several places. Is there a specific one you have in mind.
Not really. Which college would you suggest I visit?
[Emmanuel College] is a great college to visit. It is located at saint andrew's street and the entrance is free.
Do they have a phone number?
Yes. it is 01223334200. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, may I please have the full address with postcode for Emmanuel College?
Of course! Emmanuel College is located on saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap. May I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need the postcode, area, and food type for a place called [Royal Standard].
The Royal Standard is a gastropub in the east, the postcode is cb13nl.
Thank you! Have a great day!
You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, I don't need anything else. Goodbye
Goodbye. Have a wonderful day and stay.


This is an emergency. I was robbed and need help.
Contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
What's their postcode, please?
Their postcode is CB11JG. Is there other information you need, or anything else I can help with?
no thanks. have a nice day
You have a great day as well, thank you so much!


I want to get a train to travel from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
I can assist you with that. There are many options available to you leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford, what day and time would you like?
I'd like to leave on Monday after [8:15], please.
The first availabe train I have is TR7169 leaving at 9:29 and arriving at 10:07. Would that suit your schedule or would you prefer a later departure time?
No, that sounds good.
How many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one ticket please.
You have one ticket to Bishops Stortford, train ID TR7169, with 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number 54B99Z9O . Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much for the assistance
You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
No that is all I need for the day.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need to find a place to stay.
Not a problem. We have 33 places to choose from. Do you have any preferences?
I need someplace cheap near the center of town. Free wifi and free parking are a must.
There are two places that fit your criteria. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Which are you interested in?
Let's book [El Shaddai] for 4 people for 2 nights starting Sunday. Can you please send me the reference number?
Your reference number is QLYJQKTY .
I will also need a train departing from Cambridge.
I will need more information to be able to help you find the correct train, where are you headed?
I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross that arrives by [8:30].
I have two trains. One arrives by 5:51 and 7:51, shall I book one for you?
No, that's OK. Can I get the latter train's ID, departure time, and how long the trip is?
The TrainID is TR3343. It departs Cambridge at 7:00 and arrives at London Kings Cross at 7:51. The trip duration is 51 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I need. Thank you for all of your help.
You are welcome. Have a great trip!


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.
What type of food do you have in mind?
I would like some [sushi]
There is a Japanese restaurant called wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street. Is this okay?
Are there any [french] restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?
There is Cote at Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223311053. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. What is the postcode?
The postcode for cote is cb21uf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.
Ok, I will need a little more information from you. How many tickets, for when and where are you departing from please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.
and what is your destination?
Cambridge and it will be early unless it rains
Are you departing or arriving to Cambridge? And can you also tell me the other destination.
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, I'd like to leave after [12:45].
How about TR3844? It leaves at 13:29 and arrives by [14:07].
Yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.
You are all set for four on the train. Your reference number is CNKR13ES . Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you have a wonderful trip!


Hi, I need a place to stay. Something expensive on the north side.
I'm sorry, but there is not a single expensive hotel or guesthouse on the north side of town. Would you like a different area or perhaps a different price range?
How about any part of town with free parking and free wifi?
I have 5 different options for you. My recommendation would be the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Its in the west side and is expensive with a 4-star rating. Would that work?
Is there something in the cheap price range?
There are 2 cheap guesthouses if you still want to stay on the north side of town, they both have internet and parking. Would either of these work?
Yes please. I'll need the phone number and hotel type please.
All right, the Worth House is a guesthouse that should meet your needs. The phone number is 01223316074. What other informatoin do you need?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in our city!


I need to book a train
Where will the train depart from?
It will depart from Cambridge on Tuesday.
I have several for Tuesday. What time were you looking for?
I need to get to Ely by [19:00]
TR7733 is the last train of the day and can get you there by 18:07, would you like me to book you?
No I need to know the departure time for that ride.
Train TR7733 departs at 17:50. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an [Indian] restaurant in the west area also please.
How about tandoori palace?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Actually, tandoori palace is in the expensive price range. The only moderately priced indian restaurant in the west is meghna.
I'd like a booking for [Meghna] for 5 people at [10:45] on the same day, please. And include the reference number.
Ok, the booking is made. your reference number is E0OZR9AH .
Thank you. My visit is set with your help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I would like some information of the restaurant called [Royal Standard].
Royal Standard is a gastropub in the East, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
No. What area is royal standard in?
Royal Standard is in the East.
Great. Can you get me a phone number and postcode?
The phone number for the Royal Standard restaurant is 01223247877 and postcode is CB13NL. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please book a table for 3 people at [16:00] on Friday.
I have booked the Royal Standard for 3 people on Friday at 16:00.
Thank you. I also need a place to stay in the south. It doesn't need to have free parking, but I do need free wifi.
Is there a price range for the hotel?
no, just needs to be in the south
The [Bridge Guest House] is in the south and has free wifi. It is a moderately-priced with a 3-star rating. Would you like to book a room?
yes, please for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
Done! Your reference number is JV5NNEDF . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. Have a good day.
Thank you, enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a [gastropub] food restaurant in the centre of Cambridge please.
Sure what price range are you looking for?
I don't really have a price range in mind. What's your favorite place?
My favorite is [The Slug and Lettuce]. It is expensive though. Can I get you an address for it?
Nah, I'll get that later. Can you book a table there, though? 3 people on Sunday at [15:30].
Yes I can, I have booked a table for 3 people for Sunday at 15:30 at the Slug and Lettuce. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay with free parking.
The reference number for you dinner reservation is 7E3EL1IG . What area of town would you like to stay in?
I just need to find a hotel for Sunday for 3 people. The stay should be two nights. Please give me the reference number too.
OK, I was able to book you at the [Acorn Guest House]. Your reference number is YBGSWXEJ . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places.
Sure thing. I can work on getting that booked for you.
Could you please do that?
Which place will you be leaving from?
I want to make sure it gets me to the restaurant for the reservation from the hotel.
You are set, look for a red tesla, their contact number is 07587955465, any further questions today?
That is great. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay!


Are there any high end restaurants within the centre of town?
There are 33 places in Centre that meet that criteria, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
No I do not can you recommend one please?
How about the [Bedouin]? They serve African cuisine.
That would be perfect if it is in expensive range. I need to book it for sunday.
great, how many people will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. [16:15], if possible.
OK, your table is booked, ref#1GRC21JW . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the Stansted Airport on Monday?
yes! from where will you be departing?
I will go from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.
What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i will need to arrive by [19:00] on monday.
The TR3571 can get you there by 18:08, is that ok?
Yes, please give me the price.
it will cost 10.10 pounds
Thank you that is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range.
There are two restaurants in the west part of town. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care. Any type of food will be fine.
there is prezzo which is italian at 21 - 24 Northampton Road, phone number is 01799 521260.


I need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.
I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I am looking to go to norwich.
I have many trains for you. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
The train should arrive by [21:30]
TR7855 will arrive at 20:55 if that works for you
That sounds goo. Can you book for 4 people?
Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 70.4 GBP and your reference number is K82OYK3I . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town.
There are several to choose from. The [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] serves classic British fare, but is on the expensive side. Does that sound good or were you looking for something else?
Yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at [16:30] on Wednesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 57035G2J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help.
Enjoy your train ride and dinner!


I need to find a hotel with free wifi to stay at. Can you help me?
I sure can. Are there any other requirements you'd like to include in your search?
I would like a 1 star hotel.
I am sorry but could not find a 1 star hotel with your needs. If there is anything else I can help you with let me know, thaks.
ok, try a 4 star hotel.
There are several 4 star hotels. Do you have a particular area in mind?
The area doesn't matter. If you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 4 store hotel; that would be fine.
I recommend the [acorn guesthouse] it's located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you recommend a college I could visit while I am there?
we have quite a few, [clare hall] is one of my favorite's
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address please?
The phone I have listed is 01223332360. Can I hlep with anything else today?
Um, how about the address too please?
Clare Hall address is herschel road in west area, postal code cb39al. I hope this helps today.


Hello any restaurants suggestions ? I am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.
Two hotels in the West, Huntingdon Marriott and The Cambridge Belfry, and one in the Centre, University Arms Hotel, meet your specified needs.
Could I please have more information about the West? Is it an actual hotel or a guesthouse?
I have two hotels the huntingdon marriott and the cambridge belfry.
Okay may I get the price range for those hotels with the postcode also?
The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive offering at postcode pe296fl. The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap offering at postcode cb236bw.
Thank you. I'm also looking for for a place to dine, I'd prefer an expensive place please.
Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
[Italian] food please in the cheap price range
What area would you like to dine in?
In the centre please. And make it [Portuguese]. I don't care about price. I have no idea where I got the idea of cheap Italian from, smh.
I have a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the Centre by the name of Nandos City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any portuguese places that are expensive?
There doesn't seem to be any. Do you have any other different criteria?
in that case what about [french]?
You have two options , one in the north and one in the center. Which one do you prefer?
I'd rather the one in the center. What is it called?
I have the [cote] located in the centre it is a expensive french restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you get me the address, post code and phone number, please?
Cote is at Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uf. Their phone number is 01223311053. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I do not need reservations.
Have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to take me to [Williams Art and Antiques]. I need to leave after [24:30].
No problem - where should I have them pick you up?
I'll be leaving from [vue cinema].
You are booked for a blue bmw with the contact number 07889414601.
Thank you so very much. I am done.
You're welcome. Have a good time!


I am looking to eat at an expensively priced [mexican] place. Can you help me?
There is one mexican restaurant in the expensive range, [chiquito restaurant bar]. Would you like more information or a booking?
That sounds great! I need to book for 3 people on Friday at [19:30]. I will need a reference number.
The booking was successful. Reference number is : GOJIRRQ4 .
OK, thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.
We have several hotels, including one in the South, the same area as the restaurant. It is expensive, but we have others in other areas as well.
I need it to be cheap with free wifi.
The [cambridge belfry] is a chear foru star hotel, would you like me to book you?
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.
it is 4 star and the address is back lane, cambourne, the post code is cb236bw. is there something else i could help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi.
Sure! What will be you departing and arriving destinations?
From the [cambridge belfry] to [chiquito restaurant bar]. We won't be fit to drive!
Totally understand that. When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive before [19:30].
a yellow toyota will be picking you up and the contact number is 07656739082, anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using our system today!


I'm looking for a casual [Sri Lankan] restaurant.
Hi! Sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the area. Can I do anything else for you?
What about [European]?
There are 11 european restaurants, do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.
I was able to find 5 for you. 3 serve modern european and the other 2 serve european. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference. Surprise me.
How about Galleria? It serves classic European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds good. Do they have a table for 8 people at [18:15] on Saturday evening? If yes, please book and send the reference number.
I'm sorry the Galleria is not available . Shall I try another then?
Yes, please. I need it to be in the same area and moderate price range.
I was able to book a table for you at [hotel du vin and bistro]. It's a moderately priced classic European restaurant. Your reference number is H7LU2IPF .
Great, thanks. I'm all through here. You've been a great help.
I'm glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a train. I need to leave from Cambridge on Tuesday and go to Leicester.
Do you have a time that you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive by [8:45].
TR2950 will arrive at 08:06, would that work for you?
Yes, can I get 6 tickets please and I'll need the reference number too
the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : XYAOCTIY . May i help you with anything else.
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.
We have two choices, alexander bed and breakfast which is in the cheap prince range and university arms hotel whic is in this expensive price range.
I do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best!
Actually, they both do offer free wifi and free parking. Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse and the [University Arms hotel] is a hotel type. Do you have preference?
I'd prefer a hotel. Can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?
Which day would you like to check in?
Starting saturday, either place is fine if available.
The booking did not go through, can you book another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?
I was able to make a reservation for Saturday night at University Arms Hotel for 6 people. Your reference number is 7XXHIROP . Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


i want to check out a museum
I have 23 museums. Can you help me narrow what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?
My favorite is the [Broughton House Gallery], located at 98 King Street.
What is the entrance fee there?
Admission is absolutely free!
Sweet!. Can you give me informatin on a place called [home from home]?
It's a guesthouse in north, 4 stars, moderate price.
Thank you! Can I also have the address, please?
its address is 78-80 Milton road
Great. Thanks! I also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that?
Where would you like to be picked up and at what time?
I would like to be picked up from the hotel by [06:30]
Your booking was successful. It will be a yellow audi and the contact number os 0747386590. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all, thanks a lot.
Happy to help, have a nice day.
Thank you, have a nice day!
Contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anymore help. Goodbye!


I need a taxi at [24:00] to take me to [Milton Country Park].
Where will you leave from?
I'm departing from [anatolia].
Booking completed! Anything else I can help with today? Booked car type : black tesla Contact number : 07553660538
No, thank you for your help!
My pleasure. Have a great night!


I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge, please.
There are 133 trains that make that trip, do you have a day and time?
Yes. I need to leave on Sunday and arrive by [17:15].
I have train TR7744 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and will get you there by 16:52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
How much is the ticket?
The tickets are 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book the train?
Not at the moment. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a place to go in the west section of town? I would like to go to an architecture attraction.
There are no matches for an architecture attraction in the west part of town. Would you like me to search another area?
What about a type of college?
magdalene college, clare hall, and churchill college are all colleges in the west with free entrance fees.
The [churchill college] is fine. Can I have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. What is the postcode for Churchill College?
The postcode is cb30ds. Anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I needed. Thanks.
You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!


I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
You have many different options to choose from as well as different price ranges. Are you looking for a casual or formal restaurant?
I don't really care, not really picky.
check out [kymmoy]. its asian oriental and its expensive. you want the adress?
yes adress and phone number please
The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223311911.
Can i get the post code as well please?
The postcode is cb12as. I can make a reservation for you if you'd like.
I need reservations for 7 people at [17:30] on friday.
Reference number is : MWDLZXJR . Is there anything else?
Can you also find me a place to stay that includes free wifi and in the same price range as the restaurant?
Do you wish to stay in the centre of town?
It doesn't matter, as long as it is a guesthouse and includes free parking.
I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your criteria. Would you like me to look for a hotel instead?
are you sure there are no moderately priced guesthouses with parking and wifi in all of cambridge? That seems unlikely to me
There are several, do you have a specific area you are interested in?
I would like it moderate priced and make sure it is a guest house please.
We have quite a few, may I suggest the [acorn guest house]? I need to know when you'll be arriving and the number of people please.
it's for 5 nights for 7 people on friday.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : F20O5QD5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that about does it for me today. Have a good one, bye!
You have a wonderful day as well. Good bye.


I am looking for an expensive [Italian] restaurant.
How about Cafe [Uno], in the centre of town, 32 Bridge Street City Centre
Sounds good. Could you book me a reservation for 8, Friday, at [16:15]?
I'm sorry, I'm unable to book you a table at 16:15. Would you like to try another time?
Maybe [15:15] work work then. Could you try that?
Your booking was successful. You have a table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BVU9ETYF .
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by [11:45]?
Did you want that train for Friday?
Yes, I do. I'll be taking the train into Cambridge.
There are 6 trains leaving to Cambridge on Friday. We have one leaving at 10:16 and arriving by 11:35. Would that be okay?
That would be perfect! Please make a booking for 8 people.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 4ITZ3ZMO and the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great! That is all I need today.
Thank you. Have a good day.


Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place that offers free wifi.
There are 21 hotels that meet the description. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No particular area but it should have free parking too.
Okay. I would recommend [Archway House], which is at 52 Gilbert Road and has everything you're looking for. Does that sound good?
Yes, that does sound good. Can you book a room for 7 people for me for 3 nights starting from Sunday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 40N5I5FN . anything else i could help you with?
great, thanks. I need also a [chinese] restaurant in moderate price range?
There are some excellent chinese restaurants in that price range. Do you have a location preference?
The location doesn't matter. I just need a Chinese restaurant that is moderately priced. Thanks.
The [Jinling Noodle Bar] meets your criteria, should I book it for you?
Please do. I want it for 7 people on sunday at [16:00]. Please provide the reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RQHOVD73 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today. Thanks for all your help. Have a great day!
thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!


I need a train leaving from leicester on thursday. Thanks.
There are 19 trains leaving Leicester Thursday. Where do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive in Cambridge
TR3839 ill cost you 37.80 pounds and will arrive 10:54. can we book?
Okay. Could you make me a booking for 2 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is UE7KA83C
Can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the centre of town?
Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
Just to make sure, TR3839 leaves after 10:00 correct? I cannot leave before then. As far as cuisine type, [Chinese] sounds good.
Yes the train leaves at 10:54. I would recommend [Rice House] at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the postcode please.
The post code is cb12bd. Can I get you anything else?
yes I will be hungry i need a place to eat
rice house is a good place. Shall I book it ?
Sorry, I don't need a reservation. That's all I need, thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using this service goodbye


How much does it cost to take the bus in [Cambridge]?
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to [london].
The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?
There are a few to choose from. Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?
Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?
There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?


Hi. Can you please help me find a train to Leicester. I need to leave on Monday.
Do you want to arrive or leave at a certain time?
Yes, I need to leave sometime after [20:00] from Cambridge. It doesn't matter when I get there.
Okay TR9424 departs at 20:21. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you book a trip for five people, and give me the reference number?
I have those seats booked for you. Your reference number is Q0B623JD . You will pay 189 gbp at the station.
Thank you that's all I needed today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need to find which train will take me from Norwich to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you tell me?
The first leaves at 6:16 in the morning though there are others almost every hour.
I need one leaving after [17:00].
The TR2974 leaves at 17:16.
That sounds perfect. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that trip?
The travel time is 79 minutes. The price is 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book that?
yes please book that train for 15 people.
Your reference number is UEKLG6II . Do you need anything else?
I am looking for a place to go that is mutliple sports.
The the [cherry hinton village centre] is in the east area. Would you like information on it?
Can you get me the address and entrance fee?
i am sorry but i actually am not finding any information for cherry hinton village. let me do another search for you.
Try to find a multiple sports attraction, please.
The Cherry Hinton Village Center is in the east. Their address is colville road, cherry hinton. No entrance fee is listed.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.
Thanks for using our service!


Are there any hotels where the wifi doesn't cost extra?
Yes of course we can arrange a hostel that does not charge for wifi as extra. Do you have a brand in mind?
no, it just needs to include parking and wifi
which offers wifi for free?
I would appreciate it if you could tell me which hotel includes free wifi and free parking. Thanks.
Actually there are 29 options to choose from, sir. What price range are you looking for?
any price range. be a hotel, has free parkin. get me the address too
How about the Ashley hotel. The address is 74 chesterton road.
that would be great. What's the area?
The Ashley Hotel is in the north. Would you like me to book accommodation for you?
No, thank you. That is all the information I needed today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and hope you enjoy your stay. Have a nice day.


i need info on some attractions
What attraction type are you interested in?
just get me the phone number of any that you will recommend
The phone number of [old schools] is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would also like information about the [express by holiday inn cambridge]
It is an expensive place in the east, it is a hotel and not a guesthouse. Can I book you or answer any other questions?
Yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting Friday.
Your hotel is confirmed, starting Friday for 4 days with 5 people. Your confirmation number is XBH5TB70 . Can I do anything else for you?
I just wanted to confirm that the attraction you recommended is located in the east part of town. I forgot to mention that.
It is in the Centre. Would you like me to check attractions in the East?
no thanks for all of your help
Is there anything further I can assist you with?
Nope thats everything thanks
excellent, have a great day!


Hi there. I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.
Could you be more specific, for example what is the price range you are looking for?
Price doesn't really matter. I would like free parking though.
[acorn guest house] has 4-stars and has free parking. Would like to book it?
Yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.
I am sorry but Acorn Guest House is heavily booked. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
What about 3 nights?
Booking was successful. Address is 154 chesterton road. Postcode cb41da. Reference number is: IOHUVGA1 . Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.
Okay, I can help you with that! Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
I will be leaving cambridge headed to birmingham new street.
There are a lot of trains that go that route what day and time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday after [16:00] please.
The first train departing Cambridge after 16:00 is the TR2776, leaving 16:01, arriving in Birmingham, New Street at 18:44. Would you like to book a seat on this one?
Yes, please! And I'll need the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your total is 60.08 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is VFIRSFKS
Thank you very much for your help.
Ca I help you with anything else?
That will be everything, thank you.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a good day.
Okay good bye.
Happy to help.


I actually need the address and phone number for the Addenbrookes Hospital. Can you help me?
Sure. The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. You can call them at 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does it have a [neonatal unit]?
It does, the phone number for the neonatal unit is 01223217678. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.


I am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after [11:00] to Cambridge.
There are 973 trains that meet your needs. What is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross and want to leave on Monday.
There is a Train, TR572 that departs from london kings cross Monday at 11:17
Perfect. I'd like to be on that train. TR572, is that the train ID?
No, sorry. The train id is TR5720. That is the london kings cross to cambridge on monday at 11:17.
Ok, great thanks. Could you also give me information on a restaurant called [la mimosa]?
La Mimosa is an expensive Mediterranean place in the centre. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for seven people on the same day also please give me a reference number
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for [20:00].
I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the restaurant. There seems to be an error.
La Mimosa restaurant for 7 people at [15:15] on Monday. Can you please send me the reference number?
Okay! Great! I was able to book that restaurant at 15:15 for 7 people on Monday and your reference number is C0BM6NFL .
Thank you, that is all I need at this time.
You are welcome, goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Can you help me find something moderately priced?
We have plenty of moderately priced options with free WiFi. Do you have any additional preferences?
Are there any with a 5 star rating?
Unfortunately, none of them have a 5 star rating.
Are there any with a 4 star rating?
Oh yes, several. Are there any addition preferences on those?
Nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. Could you book a room starting Saturday for 3 nights, 5 people?
You are booked at the [acorn guest house]. Reference number is ROCCFCM6 .
Thank you so much, that is all I need.
Great, enjoy your stay. Bye.


Please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. Thanks.
There are 21 restaurants meeting your criteria; what type of cuisine are you looking to eat?
I would prefer [Danish] food, please.
I'm so sorry but there are no Danish restaurants in town at all. Can I interest you in a different type of cuisine?
[Lebanese] food would be great.
[ali baba] meets your criteria. can i book for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
how many persons should i book for?
Please book for 2 people on Thursday at [18:00].
Just did, your Reference number is : 8WLSP1VJ .
Can I get the phone, address and post code of the restaurant please?
Their phone number is 01462432565 and their postcode is cb21nt. Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre
Thanks. I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after [10:00].
And what day will you be traveling? Can you also tell me your departure city?
I will be departing from Broxbourne and will be leaving on Friday.
There is a train that leaves at 10:32.
That would work. I'd like 1 ticket, please.
Booking was successful. The price is 17.89 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is PDDNSKVU and the train ID is TR5678.
Thanks for the help, that's all
You are welcome. Thank you for arranging dining and transportation through Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I need a particular hotel please.
We have many hotels to choose from. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
I don't know. But I do know the name of the hotel. It's the [Lensdield Hotel]. I must book that exact hotel. It is important.
I have found The Lensfield Hotel located on 53-57 Lensfield Road. Would you like to book now?
yes for the weekend
To make sure I get the booking right, by the weekend you mean you want to stay for two nights starting Saturday? And how many people will be staying?
No I want to book starting on Wednesday for 2 people for 2 nights
I'm sorry but I was unable to book for those nights. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes. Please try to make a reservation in the same price range.
You are booked into express by holiday inn Cambridge which is in the expensive price range you wanted. The reference number is IC7AAXP6 . Is there anything else?
No, that's it! I appreciate your help!
No problem. Have a nice stay. Bye.


I'm looking for attractions in the east, can you help me?
There are a variety of attractions in the east. Are you looking for something specific?
Not exactly. Something that is popular. With and address please.
How does Cambridge Artworks sound? That is located at 5 Greens Road, would you like a phone number as well?
Not today, I just need to get a train that will arrive by [08:45] in cambridge
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from ely on Sunday.
I have train TR1037 arriving at 07:52. That is the one closest to your time.
Okay, could you book that for 5 people?
Yes, I can. You're booked on TR1037 departing at 7:35, reference number O9MIRYW2 . The fee is 17.60 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need help with anything on a later date.


Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are over 20 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay?
Cheap price and North part of town
One of your options is [Worth House], it has a 4-star rating, would you like me to book it for you?
Let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 0HRI1K18 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train
Ok, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day?
My plan is to depart from Cambridge this Saturday.
Where will you be arriving at?
I'm going to london liverpool street. I want my train to leave after [14:45].
I have one leaving at 15:59. Will that work?
Yes, that's perfect. Can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number.
You are all set, the cost is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .The Reference number is : P11XWALE
Great, thanks for your help!
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


looking for [barbeque] food.
There is not a barbeque restaurant listed. May I have you find a different restaurant?
How about [gastropub]?
There are four gastropub restaurants. I recommend [the cow pizza kitchen and bar] which is in the center and moderately priced.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is Corn Exchange Street and their phone number is 01223 308871.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
I have 6 places that would fit your needs. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
A cheap one with wifi, please.
I think [allenbell] would fit your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.
Unfortunately there isn't any availability during that time. Would you like to book another day or shorten your stay?
No, I would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what hotel could accomidate me?
I am sorry there are no hotels available. Would you like another type of lodging?
Actually, could you shorten that to one night?
There is one hotel available, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, however it is only 2 stars and in the expensive range.
Please, book the Holiday Inn Cambridge, and I need the reference number. Also, I am looking to book a train the same day from Birmingham new street to Cambridge leaving after [18:30].
I apologize, the hotel booking was unsuccesful. Would you like to try another day?
Can you try the hotel with a 1 night stay on the same day?
You are in luck for 1 night at Allenbell. The reference number is PYGL9EVW . You would like a train?
Yes, I need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
On Friday there are a train leaving at 5:40 and the cost is 75.10 pounds. The trains depart every hour, so you can chose your time. The last train depart at 9:40.
I want it to leave after 18:30.
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, but I would like to know the arrival time for the train fitting my criteria.
TR8903 leaves Birmingham New Street at 18:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:23. It's a rather long trip.
Thank you for your assistance.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you so much! Have a good day.
Great, we hope you have a great stay.


I need a train to norwich on Sunday.
The TR3370 will take you to norwich. Do you need a ticket?
yes if it leave after [19:30]. thanks
I am sorry that os not leaving at the correct time but I have train TR9083 leaving at 19:55.
cool, thanks dude
Do you want tickets?
No, I don't need to book now. On the other hand, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of city.
Well I have many things to do such as architecture visits or museums or theaters. Anything sound intriguing to you?
Yes I would like to go to a college.
There are 13 to choose from. Might I suggest the [Pembroke College]. They have free entrance and are located on Trumpington Street.
Can I have the postcode?
The post code is cb21rf. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, can I also get the phone number for Pembroke College?
The number is 01223338100.
Thank you! That will be all for today!
You're welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


Can you help me get a train going to Bishops Stortford?
Do you have a departing time or arriving time ?
I need to leave cambridge after [9:45] on thursday.
okay, the TR2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives by [12:07]. Would you like me to book tickets?
That sounds good. I need it for 4 people on thursday, please.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is TGDYE9A4 . 40.40 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.
Yes I have several. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes that would be great, thank you
I'd recommend [adc theatre]. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can you get me the entrance fee please.
I'm sorry, that information is not available to me.
Is there a number I can call to get the entrance fee information?
You can call them at 01223300085. What else can I do for you?
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is not listed so i encourage you to call to inquiry about the fee.


Hello, I'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. What do you suggest?
There are several what kind of food do you want?
How about [Chinese] food?
Try dojo noodle bar located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
Thank you. I am also looking to book a train which leaves on Sunday after [21:15].
I can definitely help with that. Where will you be traveling from/to?
I'll be going to broxbourne from cambridge.
The TR3697 leaves at 22:01 and arrives by 23:01. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 85.92 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : S9DHM1KG . Can I help with anything else today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you for your help
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.


I'd like a [european] food place in the west please.
Then you want the [cambridge lodge restaurant]. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. I would like a table for 2 on Thursday at [20:00].
OK, I made your reservation. Do you want your reference number now?
Yes, please. And then I will need you to help me find a place to stay.
Reference number is : IA42WAOZ . What type of place are you looking for, a hotel or a guestroom?
Actually, either is fine. But I would like something moderately priced that offers free wifi.
I would recommend the Ashley Hotel, it is in the north, and moderately priced.
What amenities does the [Ashley Hotel] have? I need free parking, free wifi, and 4 stars.
It has free parking and wifi; however it is only a 2 star hotel. Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
Yes please search for something that is four stars.
There are no 4 star hotels matching your criteria. I can however book you a 3-star or 2-star hotel if you want
No, I would like for it to be 4 stars. Is there another area you can check?
I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, how about a 3 star?
I am sorry there are no 3 star hotels that match your criteria. There is however a few 3 star guesthouses. Would you like to book a guesthouse?
I would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a guesthouse works for me
There are 3 star guesthouses in the south, north and west. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend one?
Sure! I recommend the [Hamilton Lodge]. Would you like for me to book a room?
I need their info. Address and phone number.
Their phone number is 01223365664 and their addres is 156 Chesterton Road, postcode CB4 1DA. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, please. I need to get there by the reservation time.
You got the blue toyota enjoy the ride.
thnks alot. you have been of help
Glad to be of your service. Is there anything else?
I just need the contact number for the taxi, please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue toyota Contact number : 07013802794 Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all for today.
thank you for choosing us
I like you no problem.
Thanks for using our service today!


I am involved in a car dispute, I need help.
The Parkside Police Station will be able to help you. Call the station at 01223358966.
Can I also get their address and post code? Thanks.
Sure thing. Address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG


Can you give me some information on the [Bloomsbury Restaurant]?
Absolutely! It is a great international restaurant located in the centre of town. It is moderately priced. They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 [Downing Street].
Perfect. Can I get a confirmed table for 2 at [16:15] on Wednesday? I'll need some sort of reference number too please.
Yes great! Your reservation was successful and the reservation number is 5G377MJC .
fantastic. i also want to check out some nightclubs in town.
I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area and 1 in the south. Do you have any other preferences?
It needs to be in the Centre area, please.
I have five in the centre. Would you like more info on any of them?
i need phone number of either and a taxi to commute between the two places
The phone number of [club salsa] is 07782218745. What time do you need a taxi from?
Can I also have the address of the nightclub?
The address for [Club Salsa] is 1 Station Road. I can certainly book a taxi for you from [Bloomsbury Restaurant] to Club Salsa, when would you like it to arrive?
Great, thanks. I need a cab to get me to and from by the booked time. I also need the contact # & car type too please
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07846707266.
Ok, that's all I needed, thanks!
Have a wonderful time during your stay at Cambridge.


I'm looking for a hotel called [acorn guest house]
Acorn Guest House is located in the north area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 3 nights from Saturday for 7 people.
Will you need any dinner reservations to go with that?
No thanks. I just need to book the room.
You are all set, the reference number is Y5RM8ZUC, can i assist with anything else?
Can you find me a [spanish] restaurant in the moderate price range?
Yes, La Tasca matches your preferences. Would you like their information?
I want to double check, is [La Tasca] in the centre of town?
Yes, it is in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, I just need the post code. phone number and address please.
Their phone number is 01223353888. Their postcode is cb41da and their address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks that's all I needed to know today.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


I would like to book a taxi to arrive by [13:45] to go to [carolina bed and breakfast].
I can help you with that, but can you please let me know where you will be leaving from?
I'm leaving from [mahal of cambridge].
Alright, you're all set. A grey skoda will pick you up. The contact number is 07629344637. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. thank you!
We are happy to help, thank you for using our services!
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hi. I'm looking for a place to stay in the North part of town. I'd like the hotel to have free parking.
I found 11 hotels do you have any other things you need the hotel to have?
Yes. I would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 4.
How about the Acorn Guesthouse? It meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from thursday.
Unfortunately, it looks like [Acorn Guest House] doesn't have that time available. Would you like me to try for a different day or shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights? Also can I get a reference number if it is available?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number for this booking is L9G43F5K . Is there anything else you need help with?
I'm also looking for places to go. Is there a boat in the same area as the hotel?
Yes! It is called [Riverboat Georgina].
Can I please have its address?
It's at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Would you like any other information about it, or can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi to go between the boat and the hotel.
I can help with that! What time do you need that taxi? And will you need to be picked up at the riverboat or the hotel?
I need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel. I want to leave the riverboat at [04:00].
OK, you are booked in a White Skoda. Your reference number is 07648586609.
Can I have a contact number for the taxi?
The contact number for the taxi is 07648586609.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our system!


I was in an argument about a car accident and need help
Parkside Police Station will help you. Their telephone number is 01223358966.
Could you also forward the postcode and address to me?
Yes, it's in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG.


I need to find a museum to go to.
In what area would you like?
Can you find one in the Centre area?
The [Broughton House Gallery] is a museum in the centre of town. It has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes. I would also like the postcode as well.
They are located at 98 king street, postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you. I also need information about trains departing from Stevenage on Wednesday.
There are seven trains leaving stevenage and arriving in cambridge on wednesday. Do you have a specific time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive at cambridge by [08:15].
Ok, how many tickets do you need to purchase?
I would just like to know the departure and travel time of a train that will arrive by 8:15 please.
The train will depart at 5:54 and have a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please, thank you.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 9T2OOW0C . Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all.
Thank you for using our system!


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
The [Curry Prince] in on the east side of town and is in the Moderate price range.
What is there phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 566388.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Is that all?
Yes, that is all I needed to know. Thank you.
Thank you.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [russian] food.
there is no expensive restaurant that serves russian food can I help you with anything else
Yes do you have [british] type food?
Yes, there are 6 options. Does the part of town matter?
I don't care.
I could recommend [Graffiti] in the west.Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 277977. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


Hello. What sort of attractions are available in the center of town?
There are many! Does architecture interest you?
Yes that would be fine and I need the postcode of the one you suggest.
Try visiting Old Schools on Trinity Lane in the city centre. The postcode is cb21tt. Do you need anything else?
That is everything I need.
Thank you for using our service today.


I'm looking for a restaurant can you help?
There are many different kinds of restaurants to try out, what kind of food do you like?
I would like [indian] food please. I need it to be cheaply priced as well.
There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Three are in the centre of town, and one is in the north. Do you prefer the north or the centre?
Can you book me a table for 5 at [16:30] on Wednesday , we can try the one in the North and see if anything is available.
I've made reservations at the [royal spice] and your reference number is BIXL9FWH .
Thanks. I also wanted to find a museum to visit in the centre area.
Okay, how about the [Castle Galleries]?
Sounds great! Do they have an entrance fee?
You are in luck, Castle Galleries is free! No fee to get in!
Excellent! What is the address?
unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! You've helped so much. Have a good day. Bye.
Thanks for using our service today!


I want to go to a theatre. Do you have any suggestions for one in town?
Yes, should I book you a ticket at [cambridge arts theatre].
Yes. But could you also get the address of the theatre for me?
Sure, no problem they are located at 6 Saint Edward's Passage. Is there anything else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after [12:15]. Can you help?
Can you give me a departure and arrival station?
I am going to Cambridge and need to leave from Bishops Stortford.
There are 6 trains. Would you like to leave at 13:29?
Yes. May I have the price, travel and arrival time please?
The train leaves at 13:29, arrives by 14:07, a total time of 38 minutes, and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thank you very much. You have been very helpful.
You are very welcome. Goodbye.


I want to find an expensive restaurant
There are many expensive restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for?
Something in the South part of town would be great. Any cuisine is fine.
[chiquito] restaurant bar serves mexican food, is located in the south part of town, and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
Yes, please.
Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Do you need the phone number?
Yes, please.
Their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


i am looking for a train that will arrive at [20:45] and leaving on sunday
Certainly, where are you traveling from?
Cambridge, and I need it go to Bishops Stortford.
There are several trains that will get you there on time. What time do you hope to leave?
I don't care. I just want to arrive at 20:45.
ask for one option below trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR6572 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 05:29 06:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes TR8095 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 07:29 08:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes TR9904 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 09:29 10:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes TR0007 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 11:29 12:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes TR2402 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 13:29 14:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes
Can I please speak with the manager? Giving me all this information at once is not helpful.
I'm sorry. Train TR9904 runs from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday and arrives at 10:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, could you please give me the travel time, and departure time?
TR9904 leaves at 09:29 and takes 38 minutes.
Thanks, that is all I need. good bye.
thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town.
Do you have a preference on type of food?
I don't care.
there are three venues to choose from
ok, what are they?
curry prince and rajmahal which both serve indian food. And pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food.
Could I get the address of one of them?
Absolutely. Curry Prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.


I will be visting in North Cambridge and would like to spend sometime at the pool, are there any in the area?
We have two pools located in the north area. Jesus Green Outdoor pool and Kings Hedges Learner pool. Would you like any additional information on either of these options?
What is the phone number, address and fee for the [Green Outdoor Pool]?
The phone number is 01223302579 and post code cb43px. I do not have information about the entrance fee, you may want to call them directly.
What is the address?
It is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a train leaving from Broxbourne on Monday and arriving in Cambridge by [12:45].
The train closest to your requested arrival time is TR9199, leaving Broxbourne at 10:32, arriving Cambridge at 11:32. Would you like to book a ticket on this train?
If you could just tell me how much the tickets are that would be fine.
17.90 pounds, what else will you need me to help you with?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you!
You are welcome. Have a great day!


Hey! I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.
Trains depart approximately every 2 hours. What time would you like to leave/arrive by?
I need to travel on Wednesday, and I need to arrive by [16:45].
I have found several trains that begin leaving at 5:21 until 15:21 to arrive by 16:45. Trains cost 12.80 pounds and are 49 minutes long. Do you prefer early or later?
The 15:21 sounds good. I think all I need will be the train ID.
The train ID for the 15:21 is TR7245.
Fantastic, can you also give me information on the [Fitzwilliam Museum]?
It has free admission and is in the centre area.
Can I have the phone number and the address of the museum?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223332900. They are located on Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!


Yes, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food type preference?
No, maybe you could book me at your favorite for Saturday? There will be 8 of us, at [17:30].
Well, my personal favorite is [Copper Kettle]. I've booked you a table for 8 on Saturday at 17:30. Your reference number is LSQYZI7O .
Great, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Do you need anymore assistance today?
No that was all I needed thanks for the help. Have a great day.
Thank you, enjoy your visit, goodbye!


need a place to eat [european] food, expensive too.
We have several options that would meet your criteria, is there a specific area you are looking for?
Yes, the centre of town please.
Okay, I'd recommend [eraina]. It's a fantastic place at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like to try it?
Yes book it for 6 people at [19:45] on friday.
Your Reference number is : QVCSAJFU . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also interested in the train schedule. Are there any that leave Cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by [8:15]?
I have severail trains departing from Cambridge. Where would the destination be?
I am going to bishops storford
I would recommend the TR3847 train that leaves at 05:29. Would that work/
What's the price and travel time?
It costs 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
That would great , and please get me the train ID, price, and travel time
The train id is TR3847, the price is 10.10 pounds, it leaves at 05:29 and arrives by 06:07, would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you, you've given me all the help I need today.
You're quite welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip. Bye!


I need to find a nearby hospital. Quickly, please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, post code CB20QQ, Addenbrooke hospital.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks, I'll call that now. Bye!
Please let me know if you need further assistance. Good luck.


Hi, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday
May I ask where you are leaving from?
Sure. I'm leaving from Kings Lynn sometime after [12:45] on Monday. Do you have anything?
The earliest train after that time is TR4329. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:58. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
That will work. Can you book 7 tickets for that one please?
Okay, you are booked for 7 people on TR4329, your reference number is S9WXSL0O .
Great I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town
I have several. What type of food are you looking for? I have British, Chinese, Indian and Gastropub food to choose from in this price range.
It should serve Italian food.
I have no Italian food available.
Ok no problem. Is there a place that serves [Indian] food instead?
Yes, there are 5 Indian restaurants in the west. May I recommend Tandoori Palace on Histon Road, Chesterton.
That sounds great. May I have the address and phone number for the [Tandoori Palace], please?
Their address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223506055. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
OK, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. I do need help with some other places to go in town while I am there though.
What is your food type preference?
I would say let's look for an attraction first. Can you recommend something to do in the south part of town?
There are several nice parks in the area as well as theaters and museums.
I will go with whatever you recommend, I just need the attraction type and postcode.
The byard art museum postal code is cb21sj. Can i help you get transportation to and from the museum?
No, but I would like to find a cheap priced [south african] restaurant.
I'm sorry, but we don't have and South African restaurants in the area. Is there a different type of food I can help you find?
Try [Portuguese] then.
There are two results. Both are cheap. Do you prefer the south or centre?
I would rather be in the south area.
The only option is [nandos].
Can you book a table for me there on Thursday at [12:15]?
How many people are in your party?
3 people will be dining. Please give me a reference number once you finish the reservation
I have finished booking it for Thursday at 12:15 for 3 people at Nando, your reference number is TDQZGM38 . Do you need anything else?
Thanks so much for putting up with me! You've been great!
You are welcome enjoy


Hi! I'm looking for information on the [Rice House] restaurant.
The phone number is 01223367755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll also need their address please.
They are located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, thank you. Thanks for the info. Have a good rest of your day.
You're welcome, is there anything else you need?
No, I have all the information I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using this system!


Hello! I would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you want a certain price range?
Moderate price please
I have two Indian Restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the [Italian] one. What is the restaurant's name, please?
It is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Can i get the address, postcode too, please?
The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58wr. Anything else?
Thanks a lot that would be all.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I need a taxi that leaves from [kettle's yard] and leaves [after 15:15.]
What is your destination?
I am going to [Yu Garden].
Ok, your taxi will pick you up at Kettle's Yard at [15:25]. It is a yellow BMW. Their contact number is 07748651061.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have a nice trip.


I want to get a train going to bishops stortford.
And where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Saturday, and I need to leave after [10:00].
I have train TR9383 departing from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Saturday at 11:29, the cost of a ticket is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
maybe. what's the arrival time?
The arrival time for TR9383 is 12:07. Is that acceptable for you?
no. i'm looking for a particular attraction.
OK, what is the name of the attraction?
it's called [gonville and caius college].
Gonville and Caius is located in the city centre. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, could I also get the price for entry?
The address is trinity street and the phone number is 01223332400. The entrance fee is free!
What's the postcode please?
The postcode is cb21ta. How else can I help you today?
That's all I needed! Thank you!
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


Help, I need to find the nearest police station.
The nearest police station: Parkside Police Station, telephone is 01223358966, address is Parkside, Cambridge, and postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Please contact us again if you need any additional help.


I'm looking for some moderately priced accommodations for my visit. Can you help me with that?
Absolutely! Is there a specific area of town you're interested in?
No, but I'd like to stay in a 4 star hotel that offers free parking.
We have nine moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses with free parking. Does location matter?
No, but are there any that are less expensive?
Yes there are 8 cheap guesthouses that have both free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you one of those?
I'm sorry, I actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Are there any moderately priced 4 star hotels?
All the hotels are booked.
Are there any cheap hotels?
I found the [cambridge belfry] lcoated at back lane, cambourne. Would you like me to book you there?
That sounds fine, I just need the postcode though.
The postcode for The Cambridge Belfry is cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also tell me about places to go in the centre?
Sure, what are you interested in?
Anything is fine as long as it is in the centre.
I'm not sure what I need to get you?
How about a college to visit?
The centre is filled with colleges, 13 in total. I recommend [emmauel college] located on Saint Andrew's Street it is free to visit.
Great! Can you get me their phone number and postcode?
Postal code is cb23ap, phone number is 01223334200, any other questions today?
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for calling.


I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.
I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet. Does it have free parking?
Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side
I would then recommend the [acorn guest house], a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.
How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?
Where do you want to travel to and from?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by [11:15]. I am going to stevenage
What day would you like to leave Cambridge?
I'll be leaving on Sunday.
The TR5390 would be great, do you need a booking?
Yes please book it for 1 ticket. I'll also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : HBX3KMT9 .
Thanks so much! Could I get the phone number for the Acorn Guesthouse?
their phone number is 01223353888. would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I'd just like to have the information for now.
Okay thank you so much for the help.
That is all I need.
Hope you have a wonderful stay!


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [fusion] food.
I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants listed in the cheap price range. Would you like to try something else?
How about [mediterranean] food?
There are two restaurants serving Mediterranean food in the expensive price range. Your options are La mimosa or Shiraz restaurant.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
La Mimosa's address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, phone number 01223362525.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I need a place to stay in the north please.
There are 13 places to stay in the north. Do you have any other criteria?
I don't want to have to pay for parking.
I have 5 different gueshouses listed. For what day and for how many please?
For 3 people starting on Wednesday and staying 2 nights.
There are 11 hotels available actually. Would you like to narrow it to a specific price range or star rating?
Just a guesthouse in the north with free parking. I'll need a reference number then too please.
I was able to get you in at Archway House. Your reference number is WUMUZ0JX . Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need today. Thanks! Bye!
Thank you for using our system!


I would like to book a popular, cheap restaurant.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
I'm sorry I need to find the information for Parkside Police Station.
Sure, the telephone number is 01223358966, the address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG.
That was all. Thanks
Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a nice day!


I'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after [15:00]
Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge.
On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on saturday.
Okay, the TR8522 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01 and is 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great! Can you book 2 tickets on that train, please?
Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is CRJ5BQKH . Your total fee is 28.64 GBP which you can pay at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant named [efes restaurant].
Efes is a turkish restaurant in the city centre. It's in the moderate price range and the phone is 01223500005. Would you like me ot make a booking for you?
No that's okay. I have 2 tickets on TR8522 that leaves out of Cambridge at 15:01 for 28.64 GBP reference number CRJ5BQKH.
Great. Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.
Have a great day then.


Please connect me to a hospital with an [emergency department].
You need Addenbrookes Hospital, located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, phone 01223217118.
Thanks, what is the postcode?
The Postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need any other assistance?
That is all we needed. Thank you.
You are welcome. Goodbye


I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks.
I have 21 options for you. What area would you like to stay in?
It can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.
That narrows it down to 16. Do you care about the price?
I would like a moderate price range.
There are nine guesthouses what part of town would you like
I'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what I'm looking for?
I think you would like the [acorn guesthouse]. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I would like you to book it for me
What day would you like to stay on? And how many days? How many people?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is ODO9D763 .
thanks for your help. i appreciate.
Is there anything else I could assist you with today?
no that is it for now. thanks for helping
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. Some entertainment would be great.
i got 5 options. which side is okay for you?
It doesn't matter. Can I have the address of a good one?
How about [funky fun house], they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Could i also get the phone number and postcode?
Sure. The phone number is 01223304705, and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a restuarant. I want something on the south side. Expensive.
There are many. What kind of food would you like ?
[Indian] food is my favorite! What's the address for the best one?
Unfortunately, there aren't any Indian restaurants in the south side of town, would you like me to look in other areas?
Could you check one more time? Restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves Indian food?
I'm sorry there doesn't seem to be any expensive Indian restaurants to the south.
Can you check again for a 3rd time? I really want to eat Indian food.
Please stop asking to check for the same thing. I have said there is none in the south try a different area.
Do you have any Indian restaurants in the south in a different price range?
Hi this is the supervisor. I apologize for the attitude of our staff. We do have taj tandoori, and expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like me to book?
Thank you. May I have the address?
The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Can i help you with anything else today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
you are welcome
Also, thanks for the apology. I don't need anything else at this time.
Have a great day. good bye.


I would like to visit the theatre.
There are five theatres in town, four in the centre and one in the south side. Do you want to visit a particular area of town?
I do not have a preference. I do need the address, postcode and phone number of a theatre.
would you be interested in the cambridge arts theatre?
Yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for [Cambridge Arts Theatre]. I also need to find a hotel to stay in.
Cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage, postcode cb23pj, and phone is 0122350333. Did you have any preferences for your place to stay?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range and I will need free parking.
We have several places that meet your needs. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Archway House in the north.
i want it to be a guesthouse
The [acorn guest house] is in the north, with free parking, in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
How many people and for how many days?
I actually don't need it booked, I just need the address.
The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks now I need a taxi leaving the hotel by [23:30] going to the theatre.
Where are you leaving from? What is the destination? What time do you want your taxi to arrive?
I will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the Cambridge Arts Theatre.
I have booked you a taxi. The contact nuber is 07474363221, and it is a Yellow Tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope I think that's it for now. Thanks much and have a great rest of your day!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'd like to find some place to go on the east side of town.
I can certainly suggest something for you. I have 10 options. Do you prefer an entertainment venue, or perhaps a museum or park, etc?
I would prefer just anything in the east, can you give me the address and attraction type of one?
No problem. How does the [Funky Fun House] sound? It is standard entertainment and it is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Sounds great. That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.


I am looking for an attraction called [Williams Art and Antiques].
I know the place! It's located in the centre and it's free of charge.
What is their postcode?
The post code for Williams Art and Antiques is cb12lj.
Thank you, I am also looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the centre.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.
for when and how many in your party please?
For 7 people at [11:15] on Saturday, please.
I have 4 expensive restaurants in the centre, cafe uno is a good one. Would you like me to make reservations?
[Caffe Uno] will be fine. Yes, I'll need to reserve a table on Saturday. It will be at 11:15 for 7 people.
Ok, that booking was successful, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by [11:15]
look out for a red volvo and the contact is 07479126194
Can I have a reference number for the restaurant?
The reference number for the restaurant is MXMOHDJ7 .
I also need a taxi.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red volvo Contact number : 07479126194
Can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? Thank you for your assistance.
Your restaurant Reference number is : MXMOHDJ7 . And your taxi contact number is 07479126194. Do you have a number I should forward this information to?
Nevermind, I wrote the info down. I'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. Thanks for your help!
Glad I could help. Have a nice day!


i AM looking for a train. The train should depart from Bournemouth and should leave on Sunday.
Where is your destination for that day?
I'm sorry I misspoke earlier, I'm actually looking to leave from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.
There is train on Sunday at 08:32 that goes from broxbourne to cambridge


i am looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by [09:15]
Where are you departing from, please?
I am leaving from Cambridge where I am now.
What is your destination?
I'm going to london liverpool street.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XFCGPXHA .
Thank you, that's all I need. good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Can you help me find a place to eat that serves [unusual] food in the centre?
There are no restaurants that serve unusual food in the centre. Would you like to search a different area?
How about [british]?
There are seven British restaurants in the center. Four are moderately priced and three are expensive. What is your preference, please?
Moderate sounds good. Can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on Monday at [18:00]?
I got a table for you at [cotto]. Your reference number is GA03MU3U . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Thank you for the reference number GA03MU3U. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for a train to stevenage.
Ok. Where are you leaving out of?
I'm leaving out of Cambridge.
Great there are 70 trains, do you have a day or time?
I need to arrive by [9:30] on Thursday.
TR2016 leaves at 05:21 and arrives by 06:10. Would you like to book this train?
Yes for 4 people please. I will need the reference number.
4 tickets to arrive by 9:30!
Can I have the reference number for the train booking please?
I have another train that leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10 if that would be better?
That is not better. I would like a reference number for the 4 tickets already booked, please.
Sure thing. The reference number is L130XFN9 . How else may I help?
Thanks. That's all I need. Have a good day.
You as well, enjoy your trip!


I need a taxi to go to [anatolia]
Okay, do you have a specific time in mind?
Yes I want to arrive at [20:45]
Where are you leaving from, please?
I'm leaving from [castle galleries].
I've booked you a blue car, the contact info is 07733215888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all. Thank you
Great! Have a nice day!


Find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.
There is only one expensive hotel on the south side. Would you like to book at The Lensfield Hotel?
Could you tell me if The Lensfield Hotel has at least a 4 star rating?
It has a 3 star rating.
I see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?
No, The only hotel I see has a 3 star rating.
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?
[Rosa's] bed and breakfast is a guesthouse is a 4 star.
Yes I would like to make a booking.
Okay, how many guests and how many nights would you like me to book?
You know I also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.
You have your choice of The Lucky Star, with Chinese cuisine, or Nandos, a portuguese restaurant.
Lets go with [The Lucky Star]. I need a table for 8 people at [13:45] on Friday.
Great it's all booked the reference number is MXDZ66IK
I would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type
Sure, the car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07235433780. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is all. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am injured and need a nearby hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is nearby, located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Their telephone is 01223245151
Please call an ambulance!
I will alert the police for you.
Thank you. What's the hospital's post code?
It's CB20QQ. Anything else?
No. That is all. Thank you for your help.
Good luck with everything!


I'm looking for an entertainment attraction please.
There are five entertainment attractions in town. What area of town do you want to visit?
The area doesn't matter
My favorite is the [Funky Fun House] in the east. Would you like their address or phone number?
That sounds great, yes please may I have their phone number and postcode?
their phone number is 01223304705 and the postcode is cb58hy
Thanks for that. Please find me a [Welsh] restaurant in the center
There are no Welsh restaurants in the centre would you like another area or type of food?
How about [international] food?
Yes I have two international restaurants that are both in the moderate range. Would you like me to pick for you?
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at [19:30] on wednesday
You are all set, the reference number is BXFB7UEY, any further questions?
No, that's it. Thank you so much.
Enjoy your evening! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I am looking for some restaurant recommendations.
Do you have a cuisine or area in mind?
I would like some [Middle Eastern] food, preferably in the cheap price range. I'd also like to be in the Centre.
I didn't find anything within that range. Would you be willing to increase the price or go outside of the city centre?
No, not really. How about [Indian] food instead of Middle Eastern?
There are three Indian food restaurants that fit your request. They are Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would like to make a booking at one of them?
No just the address, postcode and phone number of the one you recommend.
I recommend the Gandhi whose phone number is 01223353942 and they are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre with post code cb21db. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I need somewhere that is a guesthouse and includes free parking.
There are 21 guest houses that meet your specifications. Tell me about some of your other preferences? What area of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter but something with 4 stars.
How about the limehouse?
Is Limehouse 4 stars?
Yes, [Limehouse] is 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Can you give me the phone number and price range?
Sure, their phone number is 01223300552 and the price range is moderate. Would you like to book a room there?
I can do that myself. Thank you for the information.
You are welcome.
Have a wonderful day!
Thank you! You as well!


I'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.
There are five restaurants in the moderate price range. They sever british and asian oriental, which are you looking for?
iam looking for something [asian oriental] and not so expensive restaurant.
I have the [Yippee Noodle Bar] that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. I need to for 2 people at [13:00] on Tuesday. Can you provide the reference number for the reservation?
Here is the reference number: MVMT06FY
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.
From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by [09:30].
the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L . Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.
Do you need parking at the hotel?


Hello! I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. Can you help me with that?!
Absolutely. I have many options for you, including museums, architecture, concerthall and theatre. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to go to a theatre.
ADC Theatre is in the centre of town; will that work?
Yes, I just need to get the address and postcode for the Theatre.
No problem. [ADC Theatre's] address is Park Street and its postcode is cb58as. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi.
I have 2 possible hotels. The huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in centre. Would you like to book one of these?
The [huntingdon marriot hotel] sounds great. Could you please give me the postcode?
The post code is pe296fl. Anything else I can help with?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two places?
What time would you like to go?
I want to leave the Theater by [17:30]
Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey Volvo, their contact number is 07820757877. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not at all.
Okay great. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a great day!


I need to find the nearest police station.
Parkside Police Station in Parkside, Cambridge, postcode: CB11JG, telephone number 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Ok, let us know if you need anything else, thank you for using our service.


I need help finding a train out of kings lynn.
Trains begin leaving Kings Lynn at 5:11, may I know your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge and I need to be there by [11:30].
I have train TR3225 that arrives at 10:58 is that good for you?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people. Can I have the reference number?
I apologize the system is down please try back later
Is the system back up? Can you make that booking I asked for.?
Would day do you want to travel on ?
I want to travel on Friday.
You are booked for train ID TR1958. Your reference number is H8N2SC1Z . The total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
Thank you! Can you also please recommend a 4-star guesthouse?
[a and b guesthouse] is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Sure that sounds great. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on friday.
You are all set, your confirmation number is 1Q0G4OWL, can I assist with anything else?
No that would be it thanks !
You're welcome, I'm glad to have helped! Bye now!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [vegetarian] food.
There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about [turkish] food?
Three restaurants serve Turkish food. Do you have a price preference?
I do not care
[Anatolia] is a turkish restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the centre of town. Do you want the address and phone number?
Address, please.
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge. Post code CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!
Does the hospital have a [transplant high dependency unit]?
It certainly does. The telephone number is 01223216811. May I help you with anything else?
You have answered all of my questions. Thank you very much! Have a good day!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Need to know the train schedule from leicester to cambridge
There is a train leaving at 5:09 on Friday and arriving at 6:54.
How about on Monday? Any train leaving after [19:00]?
I would recommend TR6223 which leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 20:54.
Please book that one for 7 people.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is X16ZO0Y8 .
I also need a place to stay in the east area.
I have 7 places to stay in the east. Did you have a certain price range or other preferences?
I would like a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
I have the [warkworth house] located at warkworth terrace. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on Friday.
Done! Your reference number is 02RUTRTJ . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Great! Cambridge has many restaurants! Is there a certain type of food you'd like or a certain price range?
Maybe I should figure out my train first. I am departing from Ely on Friday and want to get to Cambridge by [9:30].
The TR8510 leaves at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I will need 5 tickets.
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is EVDO33LE . 22 GBP is your total and it's payable at the station.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the West and really want to have [Brazilian] food.
that type of food is not served in the west. can we change location?
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
It looks like there aren't any expensive Brazilian places in the city. Would you like me to check a different price range?
Can you see if there are any expensive [european] food?
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please, 5 people on friday at [13:30]
Booking was successful! Your reference number is : JQ9093PX .
I think that should be it for today! Thank you so much for your help, you've been very kind!
i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great day.
have a great day and thanks for staying with us


I am looking for something fun to do while in town. A nightclub would be nice.
Most of our nightclubs are right in the center of town. [Kambar] is my favorite.
Awesome! Can you provide me with the address, entrance fee, and postcode, please?
The address is 1 wheeler street cb23qb and admission is 5 pounds, would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can you find a [gastropub] restaurant in the centre, please?
backstreet bistro is an expensive gastropub in the centre area. Would you like more information?
is it in moderate price range?
it is an expensive gastropub
Do you have anything in the moderate price range?
Yes, there's the the [cow pizza kitchen and bar].
What is their address?
They're located on Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need information for today. You have answered all of my questions. Thanks so much. Bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Tell me what colleges are in the west side of town
There are 5 colleges on the west side. Two have free entrance and two cost 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else i can help you with?
What are the phone numbers for these colleges?
Churchill college's phone number is 01223336233.
That's it. Thanks!
Have a great day!


Hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? Also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.
Yes, I can help with that! There are guesthouses and one hotel available with the amenities that you require. What area would you like to stay in?
Do any of the options have two stars?
Unfortunately none of the options has two stars, would you like to change the search criteria?
Any star is fine.
I would recommend the autumn house, a 4 star guesthouse in the east. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Is that in the moderate price range?
It is actually in the cheap price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range instead?
Yes please. I actually do need a 2 star rating too.
Ok, the [ashley hotel] is in the north with a moderate price range. Two stars. Would you like me to book you rooms?
Sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
You are booked, the reference number is H1UWXXBY, are there any further questions?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday. I will be departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge.
Trains leave birmingham new street every hours starting at 05:40. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive?
Yes I need to arrive by [19:45].
The first train leaves at 5:40, is that too early?
How long is the train trip? I just need to arrive by 19:45
The train ride is 163 minutes, I can book you on the TR4631 which leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23.
Sure. Please book it for 5 people and provide me the reference number.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is D3EMA14P
That will be all, thanks for your help.
Have a nice day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves [British] food.
I am sorry there are no restaurants that meet those requirements. Would you like to try another type of food?
What British restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? I'd like to book a table at [17:15] for one on Saturday.
I can book a table for you at [the oak bistro]. They are moderately priced and you won't be disappointed
Sounds great - can you book a table there?
Absolutely! For how many people and what day/time?
Just myself. I'd like to eat at 17:15 on Saturday.
The British places are all booked up then. Another time or place?
How about [16:15] instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8SS1T80V .


I'm looking for information on train times, can you help?
Yes, I can help you with trains. Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport to Cambridge after [16:15] on Wednesday.
TR1342 leaves at 16:42 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book a single ticket for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8MKSM72E . have you anything else i can help?
Yes, I need a place to have dinner. I'm thinking [italian] and expensive.
There are 5 locations. Did you have a preferred area of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre
i recommend [cafe uno]. can i book for you?
Yes. Book for 1 at [20:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LTN9KTVQ . Anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all, thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a hotel tonight.
There are plenty of choices for you! Do you have a price range or star rating you prefer?
I prefer three star and an expensive price range.
I'm sorry, but I could not find any three star hotels in the expensive price range.
Okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi?
Our system glitched for some reason, [Goonville Hotel] located in Centre is a 3 star hotel with free wifi in the expensive price point. Would you like more information?
Please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday.
There is a discounted rate if you stay another night. Would you like me to add another night?
No thanks, I do need the reference number though. I would like to find a [Chinese] restaurant in the center though.
I found charlie chan for you and its nice.
OKay can I get the address?
The reference number for your hotel is E6HS30W7 . The address for the restaurant is, Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your helP!
You are welcome, enjoy the stay in Cambridge.


I need to find a restaurant in [anatolia]
Okay Anatolia is a [turkish] restaurant located in the centre. Is this what you're looking for?
Yes. I need a reservation for 8 people please.
I can make a reservation for 8 people for Monday at 17:45. Is that okay or would you like another day?
I need a reservation for 8 people at [13:00] on Friday. If that doesn't work I can also do Tuesday. I will also need a reference number.
Reservations for Friday at 13:00. Your reference number is 0UAYWI5Z . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was it, thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, I am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.
There are 11 total museums in the centre of town. Would you prefer suggestions for art museums, history museums, science museums, galleries...?
I don't care of the type of museum.
I have located [Williams Art and Antiques] located at Gwydir Street, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Would you like to visit this museum or would you like another suggestion?
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?
It is free to get in. The postcode is cb12lj. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like a good [steak].
I can help you find a fantastic steakhouse. Do you have a preference for the area of price range of the restaurant?
No thanks, I actually need a train. I'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on Sunday. I need to leave after [19:15].
Ok, there are 10 different trains, what time did you want to arrive by so we can narrow it down a bit.
Before that, I need a booking for 3 people. Does that narrow it down?
Sorry, that doesn't really narrow it down, they all have plenty of open seats.
I would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. I will also need the reference number.
Train TR3922 is leaving at 19:19 and arriving at 20:09. Booking was successful for 3 tickets, totaling 39.59 GBP. The Reference number is : WF0T26CV .
Thank you very much. That was all I needed. Have a great day.
You are welcome, goodbye!


Is it possible to get any [Greek] food in the centre part of town?
Sorry, I'm showing no results for Greek restaurants. Any other foods you'd like to have?
What about [Chinese] food?
[Charlie Chan] has some great reviews.
book a table for 8 people at [19:00] on wednesday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1J6Y65LW .
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a [cuban] restaurant in the north part of town.
I am sorry, I could not find any Cuban restaurants for you in the north part of town. Is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead?
I still want the north part of town, but look for [Asian Oriental] food instead please.
[Saigon City] is located in the north part of town and serves Asian Oriental food. Would you like their address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number, please.
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton. Would you like anything else?
No, that does it. Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


I am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves [modern American] food.
I didn't find any modern American restaurants in the south end. Are you open to other areas?
What about a restaurant there that serves [mexican] food?
There is one Mexican restaurant in the south. The [Chiquito Restaurant Bar]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me more about it? What is its price range? Where is it located in the south?
It is in the expensive price range and is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17dy
Sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at [17:30] on Tuesday?
I'm sorry that date and time slot is already full. Would you like to try a different date/time?
what about [4:30] on tuesday?
I was able to book a table for 1 at 16:30. Your reference number is P62404I5 .
Great! Can you also tell me the address and price range for the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]?
It is expensive and the address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Thank you, that is all I need today.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I need a train that arrives by [11:45] leaving from Ely. Can you help me?
What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.
Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?
Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?
Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I also will need a hotel
Your train reference number is UOREY9NL . The total fee is 22 GBP. What area do you want to stay in?
It doesn't matter, I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
The [A and B Guest House] fits your request, would you like me to book it for you?
Do they have free wifi?
The guesthouse does have internet.
Thank you for all of your help.
You are quite welcome, do you need me to make a reservation for the guesthouse?
Yes, please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Wednesday for 3 nights.
Alright, your booking is complete. Reference number is TBFOOKPC . Anything else today?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.
I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi
Sure, we have many. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
I want a guesthouse, but don't really care what area it is in.
Okay, there are 9 cheap guesthouses. Do you prefer it to have free parking?
Don't particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 4 star ones I would appreciate it.
May I suggest the 4 star, cheap range guesthouse called [Finches Bed and Breakfast] at 144 Thornton Road, CB30ND. May I make a reservation?
I guess that would be okay
OK, if you would like me to book a room, I'll need the number of people, the number of nights you're staying, and your arrival day.
I don't need you to book it. Can you just provide me with the address and area.
Finches is in the west, at 144 thornton road. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you for your help.
Glad I could help. Let us know if you need help in the future. Have a great day!!
I sure will and you have a great day too.
Glad to help! Have a lovely day.


I am looking for a particular restaurant. It is called [pizza hut city centre].
It's a cheap italian place in the centre at Regent Street City Centre cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Would you like more info?
That sounds like just the place! Can you book me a table for 2 at [19:45] on Thursday?
You're all set. I've got a table for 2 at 19:45 this Thursday. Your reference number is F3K2PQZZ .
Ok sounds good. Thank you!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


What can you tell me about an attraction called [the Fez Club]?
It's a night club in the centre, at the address 8 market passage. It costs 5 pounds to get in. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, I need the phone number please.
The number is 01223519224. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.
What day are you hoping to travel?
From Cambridge? Stansteadthrough the country though. but need to leave on Saturday and arrive n\by [14:30]
TR6193 will have you there at 14:08. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'm sorry, but I actually need to leave after [16:30].
What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [17:45].
I found one train TR2001 which departs Cambridge at 16:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book me for that. I will need one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TRHSQ5WO .
That will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day, glad to help you.


I would like to locate a particular hotel
I can help you with that. Which hotel are you looking for?
I am looking for [lensfield hotel].
It is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road.
Can I get the postal code for that hotel?
The postcode is cb21en. Do you need anymore information?
I am also looking for an attraction called the [kettle's yard].
Kettle's Yard is a museum in the west. Their phone is 01223748100. No entrance fee.
Can I have the address for kettle's Yard, please?
They are located at Castle Street. Do you need anything else today?
I'd like to book a taxi from [Kettle's Yard] back to the hotel. I'd like to leave around [23:45].
A Grey Honda has been book to pick you up by 23:45 at Kettle's Yard and take you to The Lensfield Hotel. Is there anything further today?
Yes, can I have the contact number for the taxi, please?
The contact number for your taxi is 07210623485. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. You have been most helpful. Goodbye.
It was my pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.


I'm are looking for a train. The train should leave on friday and should go to norwich
There are many trains available. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
At what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by [11:15].
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XABOWRR6 .
Ok, thank you. Can you also give me the travel time?
You are looking at a 79 minute journey, any further questions today?
What is the train ID for the one you booked?
The train ID is TR8056. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip!


I would like to know more about a restaurant called the [panahar] if you could help?
Sure! The Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the phone number or address?
No thank you, can you book a table for 3 Friday at [18:30]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3DNKJLT9 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also needing a place to go for entertainment. Can you help me find a place?
Do you have an area or type of attraction in mind? Funky fun house on the east side of town is fun for kids.
That sounds perfect. May I get the address please?
Sure, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate post code cb58hy. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. That is all I need today. Goodbye.
Happy to help. Have a great day.


Hi! I'm looking for a guesthouse.
We have 24, do you care about price or part of town?
I want it to be located in the centre.
Great! I have two guesthouses in the Centre area; Alexander Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars and El Shaddai with 0. Would you like more information on either one?
Can I get more info on the [Alexander bed and breakfast] please?
The alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse. It is located in the centre of town and is cheap priced with 4 stars. Would you like reservations?
Yes please. I need it for 4 nights starting Sunday. Just for me.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZPDWV18R . anything else?
Can you find a museum that is close to my hotel? I would like to know the entry fee, address and phone number. Thank you.
The museum [Primavera] is very popular. Would you like to know more?
Yes, what is the museum address and phone number? I am also curious about the entrance fee, please.
The phone number is 01223357708. Its address is 10 king s parade. It is free to visit. Anything further you need help with today?
That's everything, actually! Thanks a ton! Bye!
I hope you have a wonderful time at the museum.


Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.
I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VZF6OEIK . anything else today?
Yes, actually. I need to book a train from Standsted to Cambridge. It has to be for Tuesday and definitely after [09:30]
Great! And when would you like to arrive by?
I would like one that leaves after 9:30.
There are many options available. Did you want to arrive at a certain time?
I would like to leave after 9:30.
There are 14 that meets your criteria. Could you give me a departing time, to narrow it down?
I do not have a further preference.
Train TR8846 meets your criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : EOJC45ES . Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help, goodbye!
Have a great night.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
Well we have quite a few guesthouses. Anything in particular your interested in? Cheap, moderate or expensive?
I would like it to include free parking as well, with a star of 0.
I have two 0 star guesthouses with free parking. One is in the north and the other is in the centre. Should I book one of them for you?
Actually, I need it to have free parking and free wifi. Do you have any hotels with these amenities?
There are two guesthouses in the cheap price range that offer free parking and free wi-fi. One is in the north and one in the centre of town.
I don't care about the location. Either one will work. Just book it for 1 for 5 nights starting on Sunday.
Your booking is confirmed at [El Shaddai]. Your reference number is J7BTDTOL . Can I help with anything else?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train to depart on Friday from Cambridge at [10:15] to Bishops Stortford.
The earliest train after 10:15 leaves at 11:29. Will that work for you?
Yes, but can I have the price first?
It's 10.10 pounds, would you like a booking?
Please book 1 seat for friday on the 11:29 train going to bishops sortford. Thanks!
You are booked on TR8078. Your reference number is Y3T1L5E6 . The price is 10.10 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you. That's all for today.
Awesome, you have a wonderful day!


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel called [eraina]. Can you help?
Eraina is actually a European restaurant, not a hotel. Is that what you were looking for?
Sorry yes the restaurant named [Eraina]. I would like to book a reservation for Tuesday [15:15] for 1 person.
There appears to be no availability at that time. Would you prefer a different restaurant?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
I am sorry there are no others in that area,do you want me to check on another area?
No, could you double check that? I want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the [Eraina]. Type of food doesn't matter.
I have an Asian restaurant called [Kymmoy] that is in the same price range. Would you be interested?
Yes, will you see if you can book a table for me? And give me the reference number if you can?
Booked! Reference number: PLEIL8MJ . Will be held for 15 minutes.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for your assistance.
Thank you and enjoy your meal at the kymmoy. Have a great day.


I need to find an expensive restaurant in Cambridge located somewhere in the north.
What type of food would you like? There are asian oriental, chinese, european and french restaurants available.
I'm not particular on the type of food. Could you recommend something and book a table for 1 person at 19:30 on tuesday.
I can book you a table for Tuesday at a [Chinese] restaurant in the north named the Hot Spot. Shall I do that?
Yes please, book me a table for one at [19:30]
Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8JGOXQPX . Is there anything else today?
I would like to find a place to visit in the same area as the restaurant.
There are many attractions to choose from,what did you have in mmind ?
I don't really care, do you have any recommendations?
There are four attractions in the north. A boat, a park, and two swimming pools. Which would you like?
I'd love to go swimming.
There are two swimmingpool options in the north. I recommend jesus green outdoor pool.
Alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for [jesus green pool]
The postcode for jesus green outdoor pool is cb43px. I'm sorry I do not have the entrance fee. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does the other swimming pool say what the entrance fee is?
I don't have that information I am sorry.
I am also interested in the boat attraction. What is the entrance fee and postcode for that attraction?
Okay I have the riverboat Georgina. The post code is cb43ax and I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need today.
Okay. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I need to contact the police please.
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
It doesn't matter
Would you like the phone number?
Yes and the postcode please
Yes, the postal is CB11JG, may I assist with anything else today?
Yes, I will need their address also please.
The Parkside Police Station's address is Parkside, Cambridge. Do you need any further assistance today?
No that was everything. Goodbye.
Okay, have a good day. Thanks!


Yes, Hi! I am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.
You did not read the directions of this hit. There is no Tampa bay area. Please read the directions next time.
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to stevenage.
If you would like to take a train from Cambridge to Stevenage there is one leaving Friday at 05:21 arriving by 06:10. Does that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by [18:45]. I need tickets for 8 people. Could you make the reservation and provide a reference number?
I can get you on TR0523 arriving at Stevenage by 14:10. How many tickets will you need?
8 tickets please, and I will need the reference number.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 81.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is 1A9JYQS7 .
I'd like somewhere to go in town. Something in the centre please.
Is there anything in particular you're interested in doing/seeing?
Anything you recommend. I just need the entrance fee, attraction type and phone number.
Little Saint Mary's Church is an architecture attraction with no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling.


I need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.
[finches bed and breakfast] is a guesthouse located in the west, it's fairly cheap too!
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it does.
Great! I would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on Sunday.
I was able to book your party of 8 into Finches Bed and Breakfast starting Sunday for 2 nights. Reference: ZBJ8XF6G . Is there anything more I can assist with today?
Could you help me find an interesting museum?
[Cambridge museum of technology] looks like a good place to check out.
Could you provide their postcode, area, and entrance fee please?
Its postcode is cb58ld, it is in the east, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you for the info on a good museum to go to have a great day.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a taxi from the museum to the hotel. I want to leave by [4:15]. Can you hook me up?
I was able to book your taxi from the museum back to finches. It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07903288738.
Thanks! That's all I needed help with today.
Have a great trip!


I need a hospital with an [antenatal] department, please find one for me.
Call them at 01223217671
Thank you, that's all I need.
You are welcome.


I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no. Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?
I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.
The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.
What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.
When would you like to arrive?


I would like to find a [Danish] restaurant with a moderate price range.
There are no matches, can I try something else?
No, that's fine.
Can I help you find another place to dine?
Yeah, how about something that serves [European] food?
Sure, I can find that for you. Is there a particular section of town that you were looking at?
I definitely would like it to be in the centre, please.
I would suggest [galleria].
Okay. I'd like to reserve a table.
For when and how many?
A table for 7 at [12:15] on Wednesday. After booking please provide the reference number. Also need a train departing from Liverpool on Wednesday and arrive by [09:30] going to Cambridge.
You are booked at Galleria for 12:15 on Wednesday. Your reference number is: ROEZ39JR .
I also need to get a train on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street.
There are 10 trains departing London Liverpool Street on Wednesday? Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 09:30, please.
TR8813 arrives in cambridge at 09:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you book me seats for 7 people?
You are booked on TR8813 with the reference number NFC67U5I . The total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. It departs london liverpool street at 07:39.
Thank you! That is all I need.
Great! Glad I could be of help.


Hello, I am traveling soon and can't wait to see some local tourist attractions. Can you help me find a place to stay when I am there?
Do you have a preference in area?
No, I don''t have an area preference. I would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 4 star rating. I also need WiFi.
I would suggest the acorn guest house would you like the info?
Is there another nearby option?
Yes, there are several options. They are all priced in either the cheap or moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
I have no price range preference, do any have free parking?
The [Allenbell] is in east. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Can you please give me the address?
it is located in 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js
Could you give me information on [Cafe Jello Gallery]?
sure its located in the west and is a museum. Free admission too
I also need a tax leaving my hotel by [18:30] to take me to the museum.
You are booked, look for a ford pinto. kidding, look for a yellow lexus, the drivers contact info is 07407659393, any further questions?
That is all I need today, thank you.
No problem, have a great day.


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number and type of food?
[grafton hotel restaurant] serves [british] food, is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223 241387
Ok, thank you.
You're welcome.


We are in the centre of town and looking for places to go. We would like maybe a museum and a cinema. Can you help me?
[vue cinema] is a very nice place to go.
awesome, sounds good. What is their postcode please?
Vue Cinema's postcode is CB11PS. It's located at the Grafton Centre, East Rd. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
In the centre of town, please.
We have three hotels in the area. Do you have a star-rating or price preference?
no, i dont mind any
I recommend the [University Arms hotel]. It is expensive but has a rating of 4 stars and offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book this hotel?
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 4 nights on wednesday
Done! Your reference number is K1CD3U5C . Can I help you with anything else?
That did it, I am ever so thankful for your help.
Happy to help! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre services!


Can you get me information on a restaurant called [golden house]?
Golden House is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town. Their address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. Their phone number is 01842753771.
I'd like to book a table for 3 at [20:00] on Monday. I'll need a reference number, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4EYTD9X9 . Do you need anything else?
Yes, I do. I would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. Perhaps, some sort of entertainment. Any suggestions?
There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Can I try another type of attraction?
How about a college?
I have about 13 colleges in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest Pembroke College. They have a quite unique campus. There is also free admission.
Great. What's the address for [pembroke]?
It's located on Trumpington Street, postcode CB2 1RF. Would you like their phone number?
Give me the entrance fee instead please.
Pembroke College has a no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be it. You've been very helpful!
Have a great day!


I need to book a taxi from [the junction] and I need to arrive by [04:00].
Sure! Where are you coming from?
I need picked up at the junction, I will be going to [regency gallery].
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow skoda Contact number : 07606313194


I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves [british] food
There is one british restaurant in the east part of town called [grafton hotel restaurant]. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please along with the phone number and the post code. Thanks.
It's located at the Grafton Hotel restaurant. The phone number is 01223 241387, and the postal code is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Wonderful, thank you.
No problem, have a good time. Good bye.


I am looking for [Korean] food, in the Centre of town.
There is one Korean restaurant in the centre, [Little Seoul]. Would you like the address and phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?
Yes, it is expensive. Are you interested in booking a table there?
Yes book a table, thank you.
Can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for?
[13:45] on monday and a table for 7 please. I will need a reference number too.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time preference?
No. How about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range.
How about [Kymmoy]? It's an [Asian] restaurant in Expensive price range, located in Centre area.
Sure, try booking that one for the same people, date, and time, please.
I've booked your table for 7 people on Monday at 13:45 at Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1MS5BUU6 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!
I was happy to help, enjoy your meal.


I need a restaurant that serves [european] food please
What area are you looking for?
Anything in the area would be fine
Galleria is a nice restaurant serving European food, is in the centre of town and is moderately priced.
I am looking for something in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry there is no one serving european food in the expensive price range


Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at.
There are two hotel and one guesthouse that match what you are looking for. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I am looking in the expensive price range. Also, I would need free parking.
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is located in the west and in the expensive price range. Would you like to book?
Yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on monday?
Great, I've got you booked for 4 days starting Monday for 6 guests is this correct?
Yes. Can I get the reference number so I can give it to them when we arrive?
I am sorry. The system will not give me a confirmation number. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.
There are no other options in the expensive range, would you like me to try something else?
Is there another expensive place to stay?
I was able to book [University Arms Hotel], reference number is VOF0UGNG .
Thank you, that's what I needed.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks for all of your help and putting up with a pain like me!
You were great. Hope you enjoy your stay. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train.
I have 2,828 trains with different routes, to help narrow it down, where will you be departing/arriving, and what day/time?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Wednesday and headed for Stansted Airport. It should arrive by [15:15]. I would also like you to make a booking for 6 people.
I have two trains that would suit you. One arrives at 14:08 and the other at 15:08. Do you have a preference?
I will take the one that arrives at 15:08. can you make me a booking for 8 people on Wednesday? I will need a reference number.
Sure thing! I've booked the train for 8, and your reference number is I62H3VUY . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help - goodbye!
It was a pleasure to assist you. Please use us again for your future needs. Have a good day.


Are there any good [Scottish] restaurants in the centre?
I'm sorry I have no results for a scottish restaurant in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like to try for?
How about [italian] food?
I have several in the area, is there a price range you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to know what the price range is though, postcode and phone number too please
My favorite is Stazione. It's an expensive place located in postcode cb23nj. Their phone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, I would prefer a 0 star rating.
[Cityroomz] is a 0 star hotel in the centre with no parking available. It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is this hotel in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes they are both located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
That won't be necessary. I need the price range and postcode.
Cityroomz is a moderate priced offering and the postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, everything I asked of you has been met. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Thank you very much, you too.
Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay here.
Thanks for all your help. Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!


I need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves [british] food, can you help me?
I am sorry, I do not have any cheaply priced British restaurants in the city. Would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range?
Do you have any [Asian Oriental] restaurants in the same price range?
Yes I found 2 cheap asian oriental places to eat. The dojo noodle bar and j restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. Please book me a table at the [dojo noodle bar] for 7 people at [19:00] on wednesday.
I couldn't get you a table at Dojo, I can get you one at [J Restaurant], if you want?
That works. Same parameters, please. I need the reference number too.
Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: F10EIGQ3 .
Great thank you for all your help.
Do you need anything else?
That was all thank you.
Okay great. Thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner.


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
There are many restaurants in the North that match your description, what type of cuisine are you interested in?
The restaurant should serve [asian oriental] food.
I have one restaurant called [saigon city] on 169 high street chesterton chesterton. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes, I would like to be booked for a table for 8 on [19:45] on a Saturday, and could I also get the reference number?
Your reservation has been made and the reference number is 3P2ALRY0 .
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge
Sure, what can I help you with?
I need a train to peterborough from cambridge on friday and would like to arrive by [20:00].
TR5124 arrives at 19:56, would that work for you?
What is the price of the ticket?
Tickets are 16.50 pounds.
What is the travel time?
The travel time is 50 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat. What's the best [Italian] joint on the north side?
There is one Italian restaurant in the north. It is [da vinci pizzeria]. Do you want me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for two at [17:00] on the same day as the train.
Your table is booked, reference #O359O1HE . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help, have a great day!
Your welcome! Have a great day too!


I am looking for places to go in town, preferably a nightclub.
There are 5 nightclubs in the center of town and one in the south part of town. Which area do you prefer?
You can pick for me. I just need the phone number, address.
The ballare is fun. It is in the centre. The phone number is 01223364222 and address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely that would arrive by [11:30].
We've got several trains going to Ely, do you have a specific day you want to leave?
i want to leave on sunday
I have train #TR3854 leaving cambridge to ely, at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to book that train?
How long is the train ride itself?
The train ride is 17 minutes.
Ok thank you for the prompt response. That's all I needed.
I hope you enjoy your time here!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant serving [chinese] food.
What area of town are you looking at?
I don't care.
We have four restaurant in the cheap price serving chinese food, can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I want the address and phone number of anyone of them.
charlie chan is located at regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 361763. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome! Goodbye!


i am looking for the Addenbrookes
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, but I do need the hospital's postcode, please.
Addenbrookes' postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your help!
Great! Have a nice day!


Hi, I'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by [20:45], is there anything like that?
There are over 1,000 trains like that. Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street.
Can you confirm your desired travel day?
I would like to leave on wednesday
I show a train leaving birmingham new street at 17:40 and arriving at 20:23 on Wednesday. Will this work for you?
That will, yes. Please make a booking for 5 people please.
I've booked your train tickets, and your reference number is A9NHSO9Y .
Thanks so much. I would also need a place to say. I am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi.
How about the [cambridge belfry]? It has all the attributes you requested and a great name! Maybe even a real belfry?
That sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?
What day would you like your booking for?
Please book it for Wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5NAWGJDC .
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us.


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be in the north and have a 4 star rating.
We have 8 hotels available for booking in the north. Would you be interested the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse]?
I do need to make sure it's not too expensive. Is that one moderately priced?
Yes, it is moderately priced. Would you like more information about it or assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, could you please book it for 5 people for 2 nights? Also, could you provide the reference number when complete.
I will be happy to do so. On what day would you like to begin your stay?
I will be starting my stay on Thursday.
I've successfully booked your stay at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, your reference # is QYGLCINE . would you like directions?
Yes, directions please.
The hotel is located at 82 Arbury Road. I will send directions to the hotel. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need to inquire about a train from Peterborough to Cambridge for Thursday. I need the travel time, departure time and price. Arriving by [13:00].
TR8431 leaving at 11:48 and arriving at 12:38 is the closest match. It costs 16.50 per person and will take 50 minutes. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the TR8431 train. Thank you!
How many tickets are needing to purchase?
Please book 5 tickets.
Alright. Train TR8431 is booked for 5 people and the reference number is J2OOJ4QQ . May I help you with anything else?
That's everything that I need. You've been a great help. Thank you.
Great! Thank's or using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks so much! Goodbye.
Goodbye, and thanks for connecting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I would like to book a train from Cambridge on Thursday.
There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge that day. Where would you like to travel to?
I'd like to go to Norwich.
There are 19 trains available on Thursday. What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on the first train after [9:30]. Can I get the travel time, train ID and price please?
OK, TR1584 costs 17.60 pounds and leaves at 9:36. The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'll think about it. I will also need a place to stay 3 star please and free wifi.
There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a certain price range or part of town?
Cheap price range please
There are no cheap hotels with 3 stars and free wifi. Would you be interested in a moderately priced one instead?
Yes, what moderate hotels are in the area?
There are no hotels with the moderate price range, but we do have three different guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating.
Can you book one for me? I need a room for 5 people starting on Monday. We would be staying 3 nights.
Fantastic, I have booked you at the [Bridge Guest House]. Your reference no. is 7XMDDV3L . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you goodbye.
Glad I could be of service, goodbye.


I would like to find a restaurant in the centre.
There are 110 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have a price range in mind?
Sure, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
Yes I have a variety of cuisines available in that price range. What type of food are you looking for?
I am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the centre. Can you pick one and provide me the food type and address?
How about the [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]? It is an American restaurant, located at Regent Street City Centre.
Great thanks,I also need to find a hotel near the restaurant if possible. Would you be able to assist?
[University Hotel] is on Regent Street and is 4 star.
I want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting Wednesday.
I have many results for places with free parking, do you have a price range or area you're looking to stay in?
Anything near the restaurant will be fine.
I have booked you for [University arms], which meets all of your criteria, the reference number is NQC5WW4O, any other questions?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me between the two places. Can you please help?
Yes I can! Where would you like the taxi to meet you at?
I would like the taxi to meet me at the restaurant.
And at what time would you like that taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant at [04:45] please
I have booked you with a red honda and contact number 07898891438. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think we got everything covered. Thanks. Goodbye.
Your welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


Yes, I need some train information. Looking to depart cambridge and arrive by [08:45].
TR5767 leaves at 05:00 should i book it for you?
No, thank you. Does that leave on Tuesday and go to birmingham new street?
No, but I have 3 others that do. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I will need a ticket for one and the reference number.
I booked a seat on TR3225 with reference number 0KARLG2E . The fee is 75.09 payable at the station. Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. Are there any guesthouses there?
I have three guesthouse located in the south. Did you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer something on the cheaper side.
Rosa's bed and breakfast is cheap, 4 stars, located in the south, and includes internet and parking! Would you like me to book?
No not today. I think that is everything I need. Thank you.
Thank you again for using our service. Good day ma'am.


I need to take a train into Cambridge on Wednesday.
I found 202 trains that day, do you have a departure location you would like to start at?
I am leaving Birmingham New Street and would like to arrive by [17:15], can you book that for me?
No problem. How many seats would you like to book?
Make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.
I have booked your train tickets for 3 passengers. It is leaving Birmingham New Street at 10:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:23. Your reference number is OICBJMQ6 . The total price is 225.3 GBP and will be payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can I get booking at the [Alpha-Milton Guest House]?
Of course, I will need to know when you are staying, how long, and how many will be in your party.
We'll need it for the same day, Wednesday, for the same 3 people. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.
I am very sorry I was unable to book for 5 nights at the alpha-milton guest house. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Ok, well how about 3 nights instead?
They did in have fact have rooms for 3 days. Your reference number is 54927PC2 .
Great thank you. What is the address for the Alpha-Milton?
63 Milton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that will be everything today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I'm currently planning a visit to Cambridge and looking for a cheap place to stay. I don't need internet or any frills. Any good suggestions?
I have none listed like that,a different price range maybe?
So, you are saying there are no cheap hotels in all of Cambridge? Can you maybe look one more time? Thanks!
sorry about that! why yes, there are 10 options for inexpensive hotels.
I would like to have a 4 star rating with free parking.
I would suggest [autumn house]
Sounds good. 1 person, 4 nights and leaving from Wednesday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : AENEDXFY
I also need a restaurant, preferably one that serves [portuguese] food and is the same price point as my hotel.
There are two options here. Would you prefer the south or the centre?
I don't mind. Surprise me!
Nandos is located both in the south and in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be fantastic. Thank you very much.
How many people for the restaurant?
There will be just me.
What date and time for your reservation?
The reservation should be at [13:00]
I am unable to book it right now.
Can you try the other restaurant?
Would you like me to make you a reservation at [nandos city centre]?
Sure. Just give me the reference number once you do it
I am in the process of completing your reservation and nandos city centre. What day will you be dining?
Make the reservation for wednesday and then give me the reference number
You are set, ref number is CPD3XEJI is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think I bugged you enough! You have been great and fast too!
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Hey any suggestions for good food? I'd also love to find a train that leaves on Friday from Broxbourne.
First of all, there is a train leaving Broxbourne for Cambridge every hour on Friday.
I would like to leave after [08:15] that morning.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No specific time, but I'd love the time and train ID.
First I need to verify if cambridge is your destination.
yes, i'm traveling to cambridge.
The TR3005 leaves at 8:32. It's travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
yes please book it for me thank you
I will book it for you now.
No thank you. I'm also looking for an expensive [french] restaurant.
I found 2 restaurants located in the north and centre. Do you care about the area?
the centre please. can you reserve a table for friday please.
And for how many people?
It will be for 2 people on friday at [15:30]
Okay, I've booked you a table for 2 at [Cote] on Friday at 15:30. Your reservation number is 6C4FPXC9 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
thats all i need for tonight. thanks for all the help. goodbye.
Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range
There are many,can I get what area you are looking for?
The area is flexible but we would like free parking.
Also have many to choose from,can I please get what area you are looking for it would really narrow it down.
Any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. I need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting Friday.
Okay, you're booked into the [Allen Bell] guesthouse in the east area of the city. Your reference number is 2ZJFZ6XT .
Great! Can you also tell me if there are any [austrian] restaurants in town, preferably in the center?
There are no Austrian restaurants in the centre of town. Perhaps a different cuisine?
How about something just in the cheap price range?
There are a number of cheap options, though none of them serve Austrian food. There are Asian Oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean, Modern European, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Okay, how about [Indian] food?
Kohinoor, The Gandhi and Mahal of Cambridge all fit your criteria. Any preference?
Give me info about [Kohinoor]. Need their address postcode and number, please.
The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre. The postal code is cb12as & the number is 01223323639. Anything else?
I need a taxi to pick me up at the restaurant.
Sure. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [12:00].
And what will your destination be?
[Allen Bell] guesthouse
I have you booked with a grey tesla. The contact number is 07474877283. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our system!


I would like info about the [Cityroomz] hotel please
It is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks, how many stars is it rated?
It had a star rating of 0.
I'm also interested in places to go. What kind of entertainment is there in the south?
There are a couple of parks, a cinema, museum, nightclub, and a theatre. Are you interested in any info about any of these?
Any of them would be fine, how about a cinema? Can you let me know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number for one?
Cineworld Cinema is located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way cb17dy. The phone number is 00872208000. There is no admission fee currently, so you may want to call.
Great, thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, I'm fine now. Thanks again.
Thank you for using this service today.


Please book me a taxi to [club salsa] after [01:30].
I can book you a taxi to club salsa at 1:30. Where do you need to be picked up?
I am at [saint john's college].
What time would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by [02:30].
Before booking, please confirm either your arrival or departure time. There are 2 different times stated, so I want to be sure before reserving.
I'm sorry for the mixup. I want to leave after 01:30.
Booking completed! Anything else I can help with? Booked car type : yellow ford Contact number : 07427696778
Thanks! That would be all.
Have a nice day.


I need a restaurant
In what part of town?
East and expensive
There are several restaurant matches in this area. Would you like British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
address and phone number for the [chinese] restaurant
Here you go, 01223 248882, 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Anything else today?
No, This is it. Thank you
Wait. How about that British restaurant? Where is it located?
Is there a [welsh] restaurant in the north part of town?
i am sorry no welsh restaurants in the north part of town.
thank you, good bye.
thank you good bye


I'm looking for a cheap [indian] restaurant.
Do you have a location preference?
The Centre would be convenient.
[The gandhi] is a good option.
That sounds like it would be nice. I'd like to book a table for 5 people at [14:45] on Saturday, please.
You reservation is all set! In case you need it, your reference number is R1YHRK12 .
I am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by [10:15].
I'm sure we can find something that will work for you. What day will you be traveling on?
Saturday departiung from kings lynn and arrive cambridge same day as restaurant booking
What day was the restaurant booking again?
The restaurant booking was for Saturday, which is the same day that I would like the train booking to be made for.
I have train TR3297 that leaves at [09:11] and will get you into Cambridge at 09:58. Would that work for you? If not, I have earlier trains.
That sounds great! Can you book tickets for everyone on that train? Same group that will be eating together.
I was able to get the tickets the cost is 39.20 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 9S4OXYQ4 . Is there anything else I can help with?
That's all I need today. Thank you.
Happy to help. Have a good night.


Are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town?
Yes, there are two. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food while Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food. Would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else?
What are the address and phone number of one of them ?
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton with phone number 01223 323737
Excellent, thank you. Goodbye!
Have a wonderful day! Good bye!


I'm looking for a train that will be leaving on Sunday going to Peterborough.
There are 38 trains, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to get there by [21:30].
There are 32 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday departing from cambridge. The closest arrival time is 21:24, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, for 1 person please, and give me the reference number.
Your trainID TR9733 has been booked to leave at 12:34. Than you.
I also need a room in Peterborough.
There are many results for hotels and guesthouses, could you be more specific on what price range you are looking for and what part of town?
I would like to stay at the [El Shaddai]. I would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately I was not able to book the hotel for then. Would you like to book another day or consider shortening your stay?
Is it possible to book this reservation for 2 nights?
Indeed it is! I just booked you for two nights, ref num: IC0RATQI . Do you need anything else today?
That's all. Thank you very much.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves [unusual] food.
Sorry but there is no resaurants that fit your request. do you want something different?
Yes, how about [indian] food
I recommend [taj tandoori]. It is located in the south part of town.
What is the phone number?
Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank for calling Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.


Please find me a train that leaves on Monday after [08:45]
Where are you going or coming from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and heading to Ely.
Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 08:45
The TR8399 leaves from Cambridge on Monday at 09:50. Shall I book that for you?
yes, for 2 people. Please give me the reference number.
You have 2 seats reserved, and you'll pay 8.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is 90RLYZKX . Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
There are 21 restaurants in the centre. Do you have a certain type of food you'd prefer?
I don't have a food preference.
Would you like [British] food?
Sure, that works for me. I need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.
[Cotto] is a great british restaurant located on 183 East Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb11bg and phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything else you need?
Oh that's great. That would be all, thank you.
Thank you for using our service today.


Hi I am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the cheap price range.
We have several locations that suit your needs, would you like a 4 star hotel? Or is there any other accommodations you'd like to narrow down the list?
I would like a 2 star hotel.
How about the [Alexander bed and breakfast] in the town centre? It is cheap and has free parking.
Is that a 2 star hotel?
The Alexander B&B is a 4 star hotel. There are no cheap hotels with 2 stars that offer free parking. Do you want to broaden your search?
What about moderately priced places with 2 stars?
There are 2 moderately priced 2 star hotels on the North side of town: the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like more information on one?
Could you book 3 nights at the [Ashley] for 7 people, please? We'll be arriving on Tuesday.
I'm sorry, it isn't available for 3 nights. Would you like to arrive on a different day or stay for less time?
Does the [Lovell] have 3 nights available?
I'm so sorry, the Lovell doesn't have the availability you're looking for either. Would you like to try to book for a shorter stay?
Can you try booking a 1 night stay? I need the reference number if that works. I also need a train leaving Cambridge after [17:45], arriving in Norwich on Wednesday.
I have booked your stay at Lovell Lodge. Your reference number is ATYKA57C . Would you like me to buy tickets train tickets also?
Not at the moment. Can I have the price and train ID though?
I have a Norwich bound train leaving at 18:36, price of 17.60 pounds and traindID of TR7776, would you like me to book it?
Yes. Thank you very much.
And would that be for the seven people that are staying at the hotel?
Yes please, for all seven of us.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks!
Thank you, and have a nice day!


Hello! I need to book a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.
The TR9859 will take you there on friday. Need a ticket?
I need the train to leave after [18:45] on Sunday.
Sure, TR7734 will get you to Peterborough on Sunday. It leaves at 19:06. How does that work?
What is the total travel time?
The total travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book that for me. I'm also looking for [Club Salsa]. Can you tell me where that is located?
How many tickets are you needing?
one ticket please
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : CZ4831YE . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm trying to find out where Club Salsa is, and what the postcode and phone number are please.
Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. The post code is cb12jb. The phone number is 07782218745. Can I be of further assistance?
I'm not familiar with that address. What part of town is that in?
It is in the Centre.
Thank you. Those are my questions for today. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful day!


I was involved in a car accident and I need help
You can contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966.
May I please have the postcode as well?
The postcode is CB11JG, in Parkside, Cambridge. Do you need anything more?
No, that should do it. Thanks.
Thank you. Please let us know if you need anything else.


I want [portuguese] food and I don't care about the price range. What is the address and phone number?
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the south side of town. The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Are there any [Danish] restaurants on the east side of town?
There are not any Danish restaurants on the east side. Is there another search I can do for you?
What about [Chinese]?
the [yu garden] is in the east side.
Book it! Friday, [13:15], 3 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : R6HQVD9O . is there anything else i can do for you?
I am also looking for the hotel, [Autumn House]. Do you know of it?
Yes I do. The Autumn House is a 4 star guesthouse in the East area with both parking and internet. May I help you book your stay?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is R6HQVD9O . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much for your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful day and a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just let me know.


I need a train that leaving Cambridge for Ely.
What day and time would you like to arrive in ely?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and arrive by [13:15].
There are several options available that could suit you. The arrival times are anywhere from 06:07 to 12:07. What time do you want to leave?
I'd like the reference number please.
I'm sorry, I can not give a reference number until we book you a seat. There is a train departing at 07:50 , would you like to book that now?
Can I get one ticket on the train that arrives at 12:07?
Not a problem. Do you need the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number, please. I am also looking for a guesthouse as well.
[a and b guest house] located at 124 tension road phone number 01223315702 and is located in the east side.
Is it 4 stars and is there wifi?
It is four starts and it does have wifi.
Great! Can I get the address, please?
The address is 124 tenison road postcode cb12dp
Also, does it have free parking?
no it does not have free parking
I need one with free parking.
I'm sorry, your train reference number is THUZ22RM. Acorn guest house in the north has wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Thanks for the train info. May I have the address for the [Acorn guest house], please?
Yes, it's located at 154 chesterton road. May I help with something else?
No thank you. Now that I have the info, I can take it from here.
If that is all, have a good trip. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


I am excited to visit some of your attractions. Can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?
6 of the 7 places that match your request are guesthouses. Is that acceptable? And what pricerange are you needing?
Yes, [a guesthouse] would be great. I'd like for it to be in the moderate price range.
Ok. There are three choices. Do you need free parking?
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday. no parking
Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4AFI8ET . what else do you need?
I'm looking for an attraction called [the Cambridge Corn Exchange]? Can you provide me with more information?
The cambridge corn exchange is located in the centre of town on wheeler st. The phone number is 01223357851 and the postcode is cb23qe. Anything else I can help with?
Can you book a taxi for me at [15:15] from the [corn exchange] to the guesthouse?
I sure can. I book a white tesla for 15:15. The reference number is 07560492867.
Thanks. I believe the car was the last thing I needed.
Alright, you are very welcome. Have a nice day!


I am looking for a train leaving after [11:45]
OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport Friday to head toward Cambridge.
Ok, I have the first available train leaving at 12:24 and arriving at 12:52. Would that train work for you or would you like to leave later than that?
That would work for me can I get a train for 7 people?
Yes, you're booked on TR1387 with reference number 78BZSVSW . The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you so much!
Okay! Glad I could be of help.


I need a hotel, in the south.
I have one hotel that is expensive and in the south. May I book it for you?
Does this hotel include free parking?
Yes, all of the hotels that satisfy your constraints have free parking slots.
Ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday please.
I'm sorry, there was misunderstanding. There is only one hotel and it's unfortunately full. However, I can try to book you a room in guesthouse?
That's a pity. Ok, but I want it to be expensive alright?
I'm sorry to inform you but there are only guesthouses only in moderate and cheap price range.
Unlucky day for me. Alright, let's go with moderate one.
I'm happy to inform you that you have a booked apartment at [aylesbray lodge]. Your reference number is SUJVD6R6 .
Finally some good news. Great, thanks for help, bye!
I'm there to help you. Enjoy your stay!


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, the [archway house]?
Yes I found it in the north and it is moderately priced. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book for 8 people, for 4 nights starting from Saturday.
Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is 79Z7DU6E . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our service today.


I so excited to see some of your great attractions! Can you suggest a college in the centre? Also I need a train schedule from airport to Cambridge on Saturday.
Let's start with your college request. We have 13 in the centre of town. Wht features are you interested? Maybe, we can narrow your search.
If you could recommend one that would be great! Can you send me the address, entrance fee, and phone number?
Sure, were you looking for a free one or one with an entrance fee?
Thank you, I'm looking for one with an entrance fee.
[Corpus] Cristi charges 2 pounds,do you want their phone number ?
Yes and their address please.
The address is King's Parade and the phone number is 01223338000.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with free parking?
Sure, I have one possible option here. It is [hobsons house]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 2 nights. And tell me the refernce number
Booking was successful, the reference number is RBKY459T ., any further questions today?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to the [Hobson's House].
Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from [Corpus] Cristi by [04:45] to go to Hobson's house. I will need to know the contact number and car type please.
Your contact number is 07902709327 and the car type is a black Toyota. Is there anything else I can help you with?


Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town please.
Do you have preferences in the attraction type?
one that offers all indoor games
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre offers multiple sports. Would you like the phone number or address?
Are they are in the centre of town? If so, do they have an entrance fee?
It is located in the east of town but there is no entrance fee listed.
Are there any colleges in the centre of town?
Yes I have many, would you mind a entrance fee?
What's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?
[Christ's College] is on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu and has no admission fee
I'm also looking for a cheap [Chinese] place to eat at.
There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the city centre. I suggest the Rice House as it's closest to the college. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, thank you. I need to consult with my friends first. Can you please give me their phone number?
Yes. Their phone number is 01223367755.
Great I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by [16:15]
okay all I need is your destination.
It will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked.
A black Audi will pick you up, contact number is 07658935119, as your taxi. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's it. Thank you for all your help today. Goodbye.
Goodbye. Enjoy your meal. Any further questions feel free to contact us again.


I want a college to visit
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, no particular area. Which one do you recommend?
I recommend Christ's College in the centre, admission is free.
Can you find me a hotel in the north with free parking included?
what about hamilton lodge? it's a lovely place.
Sure. That would be fine. Can I have more information please?
What other information do you need?
Actually, I think I'm ok for now. Thank you for your time.
Okay thank you for calling.


What restaurants in the centre are cheap?
I have 15 possible ones to choose from. Could I ask what type of food you are looking for?
Sure. I'd like [modern eclectic] food please.
Unfortunately, no results came from your search. Would you like to broaden it?
Ok, how about [Indian] food then?
I found three cheap indian places in the centre. Would you like to book at the Gandhi?
Yes please. Can I also get the phone number and the postcode of the Gandhi?
Sure no problem. The Gandhi phone number is: 01223353942 and the postcode is cb12as. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't know, but I am also looking for a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error in my system. Can you please restate your train requirements?
I am looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. I need the train to leave on Thursday and arrive by [20:45]
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IS961RCU . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.
Great I have booked three people on that train. Your reference number is K6C628QH .
Thanks. That's all I needed.
have a great day!


Hello. I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in Cambridge. Can you help?
Yes. There are three cheap 4 star guesthouses. There is one in the centre and two in the east.
I need one that includes free wifi.
Ok, I have several. Do you have a particular area in mind?
I'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in Centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on Wednesday.
Yes it has fre wifi,how many people staying and how many nights please?
There will only be 1 person.
How many nights will you be needing?
I'll be staying for our nights.
Would you like that booked?
Yes, one person, 4 nights starting Wednesday. Reference number for that, parks to visit. Area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 17:00, contact number and car type.
The reference number for that is: DXZBH03X . Would you like a park near the hotel? We will need more information to book the taxi, where will it be departing from and arriving to?
Yes, I would like a park near the hotel.
There are five parks. The [cambridge university botanic gardens] is located in the centre, just like the hotel.
That sounds great! Can I please have the address and phone number?
They are located on Bateman Street I don't know the exact address and their phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, I had mentioned I will need a taxi between the park and the hotel.
I am sorry I need a time to schedule the cab please
I wouold like to leave The cambridge university botanic gardens by [17:00]
It's all booked. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please call 07681935909 if you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thanks.
I hope you have a good trip. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hi, I'd like information for the restaurant called [Travellers Rest] please.
It is British Food that is expensive at Huntingdon Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of this restaurant? Thanks!
The post code is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like information on [jesus green outdoor pool] also.
It is located in the north and the phone is 01223302579. The entrance fee is unknown. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need right now, thank you!
excellent, have a great day.


I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking
What type of hotel are you looking for? We have 19 with free parking and rated 4 star.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel, please.
There are 8 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Doesn't matter where in Cambridge.
How about the Allenbell?
Perfect! what's the phone number, postcode, and address for that place?
The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, and their postcode is cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday, leaving at [11:30].
The best match for your time is the train TR6517 which leaves at 11:35. Do you want me to book it for you?
Is this train going to Ely or departing Ely? I believe I made a mistake is saying going to Ely when I should be departing Ely arriving in Cambridge.
That is departing ely and arriving in cambridge
Alright, all I need the travel time and that should be all, thanks!
The travel time is 17 minutes. Thank you for allowing me to assist you!


am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.
I'm sorry, I'm experiencing an error in my system. Could you please restate your request?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
There are two options for you. Royal spice and da vinci pizzeria. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the [da vinci pizzeria]. I'll need the address and phone number too, please.
da vinci pizzeria is a great choice! They are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223351707
Great, thanks for all of your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day.


I need a taxi to get me to [holy trinity church] no later than [15:30]
Ok, what is your departure site?
I'd like to be picked up from [don pasquale pizzeria]. Please also provide the car type and contact number, one the booking is made?
Sure thing. A blue honda has been booked. Contact number is 07835205390.
Thank you. That was all I needed.
Have a great day!


Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?
yes there are 21 of them. which food type do you prefer?
I was really hoping to try some [austrian] food.
I'm sorry, I didn't get any matches for that.
Okay, how about some [European] food?
What about the [hotel du vin and bistro] at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street?
Great Can I have their phone number and postcode please?
01223227330 cb21qa, is there something else i could help you with?
I also need a place to stay in the same price range.
What area would you like it to be in?
I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.
cityroomz is a 0 star hotel located in the city centre. It doesnt have free parking but does have free wifi. The phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much that was all I needed.
Great thank you so much for using our system today?


I am heading to Cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.
There are plenty of expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area or food type in mind?
I would like it to be in the centre area, please.
The [kymmoy] meets your criteria and serves asian oriental food.
I would like to make a reservation for 7 people on Sunday, please.
What time on Sunday would you like the reservation for?
We'd like to dine at [19:45]. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.
I'm sorry, they're booked up for 19:45. Will another time do?
Yes, I would like to book for [18:45]. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.
I was able to get you a table at the 18:45 time. Reference number is : 03N9DFPO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a museum in the same area. Can you find one?
Yes, that's no problem. How about the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]? It's free to enter.
That sounds good. What is their postcode and phone number please?
The postal code is cb23dz, the phone number is 01223333516, can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places. I want to be sure to arrive at the restaurant before our reservation.
I got you a white volkswagen reserved contact number 07430137522.
Thank you. That will be all. Goodbye.
My pleasure! Good bye.


Can you help me find a train?
Yes, I can help you. What station will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to broxbourne.
When will you be traveling?
On Monday, and I need to arrive by [12:15]
TR5971 departs at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01. Would you like a ticket?
I don't need to book at this time, but can I get the travel time for that route?
Of course! The duration of the trip is 60 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any cinemas in the centre of town?
Yes the is Vue Cinema would you like their information ?


I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [crossover] food. Can you recommend anything?
What area were you looking for?
Anywhere really.
Which price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the expensive price range.
No restaurants match that request. Can I search for something different for you?
Can I get an [Italian] restaurant? address and phone number please.
An expensive Italian restaurant is found in the center of town, Caffe Uno. The address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking.
There are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred location in the city so we can narrow down your choices?
The location does not matter but I need a 3 star hotel.
bridge guest house is a 3 star and a nice place.Do you want the address ?


Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant by the name of [Cote]. Can you find this for me and book a reservation please?
I sure can. Can I get a date and time, along with the amount of people that will be there?
We will be dining on Thursday at [13:15], and there are 4 in my party.
I was able to book you a table for four at Cote on Thursday at 13:15, Reference: 8s4q3a4d . Can I assist you further today?
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a place to visit in the east?
Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I would love to visit a boat attraction
We have one boat attraction in the east. It is [camboats].
Can I have the phone number, address, and postcode?
Phone number is 01223902112, address- the plough, green end, fen ditton and a postcode of cb58sx. Thank you is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, you're so helpful! I'm all done now, bye!
You are very welcome, it's a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!


I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
[grafton hotel restaurant] serves british food, in the expensive price range and in the east. would you like to know the address and phone number?
Just the phone number is fine, please.
The phone number is 01223 241387. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you very much. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine
There are many different options in town! Do you have a particular type of food and price range in mind?
Expensive is what I am looking for. I don't have a preference for the exact type of food.
There is [Saigon City] which is asian oriental located in chesterton
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number?
Sure, it is 01223356555. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a train, The train should arrive by [15:45] and should leave on saturday. The train should go to cambridge and should depart from ely
TR4698 leaves Ely at 13:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:52. Will this work for you?
Yes please book it foe me thank you
I have booked the train TR4698 for you successfully. Your reference number is 7MHIH3MB . The price is 3.52 GBP payable at station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thank you very much!
You are welcome! Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.
Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by [13:00].
Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.
The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at [12:01]. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by [13:00]. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?
Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
No thanks. I'd just like to know the travel time please.
The total travel time is 60 minutes. Is there anything else you need to know?
I need to find a expensive hotel in the north.
I don't have anything that matches your description. We do have some 4 star options in the moderate price range to offer or we could search in another part of town.
ok how about a guesthouse in the north that is expensive with free parking.
I am sorry but there is nothing matching that request. Would you like to try another price range or area?
Sure let's try a moderate price range.
[acorn guest house] is a moderate piced 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve this one?
Can you give me the hotel, phone number, and postcode?
The hotel phone number and post code are 01223353888 and cb41da.
All set. Thanks a lot.
Have a nice day, goodbye!


Hi, what are some fun attractions in west Cambridge?
There are 13 places, colleges, entertainment, and museums
I need an attraction in the west part of town. Please provide the address and amount of the entrance fee so I can prepare.
Queens' College is a wonderful play to visit. Their address is Silver Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the west side of town.
There are nine restaurants that fit your requirements. What type of food are you interested in?
Just pick one in the same area as Queens' College, and can you book a table for 1 at [18:30] on Saturday please?
How about Graffiti? It's an expensive restaurant that serves British food in the west area.
[Graffiti] sounds good. Can you book a table for me?
Your table at Graffiti is reserved for Saturday at 18:30 for one person. Your reference number is AV0KBAEG . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I certainly will. Thanks for the help that is all I needed.
Let us know if you need anything else.


Can you tell me about architectural attractions on the west side?
Yes, we have so many interesting architectural attractions. Do you have any particular area in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for something in the west.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything architectural in the west. Would you like me to try a different area or attraction type?
Alright could you tell me about the museums in the West?
There are 7 museums in the west, do you have a preference of what you'd like to see?
Can you recommend one? I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number too.
The [cambridge book and print gallery] is at 49 newnham road. It is a nice, free museum. The phone number is 01223694264. Anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in a hotel called [Alpha-Milton guest house]. I need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.
I've got you booked at the [Alpha-Milton Guest House], and your reference number is T1JSFDDI .
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by [03:45]. get contact number and car type
You are all set, look for a black Audi, they can be reached by phone at 07657880984. Is there anything else that I can assist with?
No that is everything I need. Thank you.
Thank you, hope you have a fun trip!


Hi, I am looking for a place to stay.
What area of town will you be staying in?
I don't know what area it is in, but I was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the [Lensfield Hotel].
I have the lensfield hotel in the south area. When would you like that reservation for?
Yes, that would be great. Can you reserve for me starting Thursday?
How many nights will you be staying?
I need a place for 5 nights. And I need it for 8 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TGFJKYMX May I help you with anything else ?
I need some night life or places to go
What type of place are you looking for?
I just want to find somewhere in the centre to visit
What type of attraction are you interested in? There is lots to do in the centre
Maybe a museum?
There are 11. Would you like to go to [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]? The entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I will need a taxi to get inbetween those two places.
And what sized car will you need?
I need to fit 8 people. Thanks.
What time will you be traveling?
I want to leave the attraction by [07:45]
Booking is successful. The tax is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07052781550. Anything else?
Thank you much good bye.
Thank you for your inquiry. Glad to be of service.


can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant. It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you very much. bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a cool place to go in town later.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
I think visiting a College sounds interesting.
What about [christ's college]?
ok, what area of town is that?
It is located in centre. Is there anything else you need to know?
Yes, I need a phone number and postcode.
their phone number is 01223334900and code.cb23bu, is that all?


i want a place for dinner and serves a [mexican] food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a Mexican restaurant in the north. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a [chinese] restaurant?
[The hotpot] sounds like a good idea. Need a reservation?
Yes, please. 6 people at [11:30] on sunday.
I'm so sorry, but I wasn't able to make that reservation for you. May I try on another day or at another time?
Yes, let's shoot for the same thing but on Wednesday instead, okay?
I was able to get you that reservation on Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival.
May I have the reference number please?
Absolutely, the reference number is W92C2Z47 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all. Thanks
Did you say you also needed a taxi to the restaurant?
No, I don't need that anymore. Thanks. Have a great day!
You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.


I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge. Needs to arrive by [21:00] and leave on Tuesday.
Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.
TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet. Can I get the cost and departure time?
TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.
I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.
I have a Hamilton Lodge available in the north, with a 3 star rating. It's moderately priced. It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.
Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.


Can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is cheap?
Sure! Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I would like [Lebanese] food.
I don't have any that match. Do you have any other prefences?
How about [italian] food then?
Sure. [Da Vinci Pizzeria] is a cheap Italian restaurant in the area. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton CB41JY and the phone number is 01223351707.
Would you mind making a reservation for Thursday at [17:15] please?
Okay! For how many people?
The reservation will be for 5 people
Your reservation for da vinci pizzeria on this thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5 was successful. Your Reference number is : UG63SDOH .
I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.
I have four attractions and they include boat park and 2 swimming-pool. Which one will you prefer?
Whatever you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee and attraction type.
Is there a certain type of attraction that you prefer?
Yes, please give me the entrance fee for the boat park.
I'm sorry, but the entrance fee for the boat park is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks, that will be all.
Thanks for using our service today!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range
The [Curry Prince] restaurant is in the east and is moderately priced. Their phone is 01223566388.
Thank you for the help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you book me a table for 6 at [19:45] on Saturday?
Your table is reserved. Your reference number is U60SC89J . May I help you with something else?
Would you confirm this is an Indian restaurant, please? It sounds like one.
Yes it is an Indian restaurant in the east.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling us today.
You're welcome and goodbye.
Have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance.


I need a place to go in the centre for entertainment.
There are no attractions under the entertainment classification in Centre. Would you like to try another attraction type or area perhaps?
Could you please check for architecture?
I could recommend some church's and old schools to visit, would that be ok?
I would like to visit an old school. What is your recommendation?
I recommend a place called "[Old Schools]" It is known for it's architecture. Located in the Centre on Trinity Lane. Does that work?
Yes, I just need the address and postal code. Also, what is the entrance fee?
The address is Trinity Lane postcode cb21tt. No entry fee! Anything else I can help you with?
I am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called [Cote]. Can you help me with that?
Sure. When would like the reservation for and how many people will be in your party?
Can you book me a table for Wednesday at [17:30] for a party of 5?
It looks like they are already booked for that time slot. Do you have another time you could go?
Yes. how about for [16:30]?
Booking for [16:30] is set, the reference number is NDSJBN3W, may I assist with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to from [Old Schools] to [Cote]. I need to make sure they arrive soon enough for me to make it to dinner on time.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Tesla. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07900626607. Anything more I can do?
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking to get a train to cambridge from kings lynn
I can certainly help with that. When did you want to travel?
depart from kings lynn at [20:30] and leave on Sunday.
There is a train leaving at 21:11 and it costs 7.84 pounds, would that be good for you?
My mistake I need the train to arrive by [02:30] on Sunday.
There are no trains at that time would you like to try a different time?
Not doing well, I actually need to arrive cambridge at [20:30]. I should leave on sunday.
TR6697 departs Kings Lynn at 19:11 and arrives at Cambridge at 19:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Could you tell me the price of this ticket?
Sure the ticket is 7.84 pounds a ticket.
OK. Is there a hotel in town called the Hotel Gonville or [Gonville Hotel] or something like that?
Yes, the Gonville Hotel is located in the centre. It is an expensive, 3 star hotel that offers free internet and parking. Would you like a reservation there?
No thanks. But can I please get the postcode?
The postcode is cb11ly. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it. Thanks!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after [17:15].
There's a train on that route every day departing at 18:01 that ought to work for you. Do you know what day you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Friday.
Where will your departure site be?
I will be leaving from Cambridge. I will need 4 seats.
Great I booked you 4 seats on that train and your reference number is HI8OJSIM .
I also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 3 stars.
Sure, there are a few guesthouses available. Which part of town would you like to stay in?
West part of town. Thanks
It looks like there is a 3 star guesthouse in the area named Hobsons House. How does that sound?


Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are several options available. Would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for?
I want [asian oriental] food.
Sure, we have yippee noodle bar in the town centre. Shall I book a table?
Is the [Yippee Noodle Bar] moderately priced?
Yes it is moderately priced.
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode, please?
Sure thing. The address is 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh, and the phone number is 01223518111. Can I help you find anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks for your help!
I'm glad we were able to help you today. Have a wonderful weekend!


Yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?
There are 5 3-star hotels with free parking. Are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one in the west, price really doesn't matter.
Ok I have the [Hobsons House] on 96 barton road . Would you like me to book you a reservation ?
Yes, that works. May i have the address?
I need some more information. How many people? What day would you like to book? How many days would you like to stay?
There will be two people. I want to book on June 18th. We will be staying 7 days.
Their address is 96 Barton Road. Just to avoid confusion, what day of the week does the date you selected for check in fall on so I can reserve your room?
I actually don't need a hotel booking right now, just the address you already gave me, and a confirmation of the hotel type.
It is a guesthouse. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves [international] food.
I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants in that area serving international food. Do you have a different food choice I could check for you?
[Thai] food will work if you can find that.
The [Sala Thong] restaurant meets that criteria. Would you like to book a table or need any other information?
I need to leave the restaurant by 04:45 so can you book it for earlier than 04:00, I will also need a taxi to commute.
I can help with that. How many would you like to make the reservation for and what day?
I don't need to book a table, but I do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by [04:45] and go to the hotel.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a Blue Tesla. Should you need to reach them directly, their phone number is 07623362802. Anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode of the restaurant, please?
The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and postcode is cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That's all I needed. Good bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!


i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star
We have several that might suit you. The Cambridge Belfry is quite economically priced in the west, and there are also The Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms.
I'm looking for a cheap one, which hotels fit into that price range?
The [cambridge belfry] is in the west and cheap. Would you like to me to book that for you?
What type of hotel is it and what is the postcode?
It is a regular hotel and the postcode is cb236bw. Would this one interest you?
Maybe, I'll decide once I get there. Speaking of which, can you help me with a train to Cambridge?
Sure I can help with that, what time would you like the tickets for and how many?
I'd like to leave [after 10:30] and depart from birmingham new street on Tuesday.
Train TR0734 leaves at 12:40. Can I book you a seat on it?
Yes, actually I'd like to book 7 seats on it.
Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : N680OYGM . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I believe that will do it. Thanks for your help!
You're so welcome. Goodbye!


I need directions to a good swimming pool in the south of Cambridge, can you give them to me?
Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in east area. Pool way, white hill road off newmarket road. Would you like any other information?
I really need it to be in the south. If there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an entertainment venue?
Unfortunately there are no swimming attractions in the south. Entertainment wise there are 2 options, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like more info on one of them?
Yes please send me the info.
No problem. For Nusha, the phone number is 01223902158 with a post code of cb17dy. For [Tenpin], the phone number is 08715501010 with a post code of cb17dy.
I also need some help finding a place to eat while there. Can you help me with that?
Yes I can. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I would like a [spanish] restaurant, preferrably cheap.
I'm sorry there's nothing that matches that in the south. Do you want me to search in a different area?
Is there anything matching that anywhere in the city?
None,would you like to try a different area ?
Try a different area other than the south. Please make sure it is cheap Spanish food.
There is one! [La Raza] is a cheap Spanish restaurant in city centre. It's a lovely place - would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at [14:30] and send me the reference number
I am sorry, I am unable to book that for you right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try a booking for [13:30]?
I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time either. Is there another time, or day I could try for you?
Is there another restaurant in that area?
There are no matches for spanish restaurants in that area another perhaps?
Look in another area. I want a spanish restaurant
I found [la raza]. Shall book it for you ?
Yes I would love that one.
I booked your table. The reference number is MN2VXHKR
I will also need a taxi booked to get me to the restaurant from the hotel please.
Do you mean from the entertainment attraction to the restaurant at 13:30? Or do you need help with a hotel?
Yes I want to be picked up at the attraction and arrive at the restaurant by my reservation time.
I booked you with a white honda taxi service. Their phone number is 07540747460.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.
Happy to help, please let us know if we can be of service in the future.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north
I have two two star hotels in the north that are both moderately priced. Do you have any other requirements such internet or parking?
No, I don't need parking. Can you just recommend a place to stay?
I would recommend ashley hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book the [ashley hotel] for me, thank you.
When do you want your reservation to be and for how many people?
Starting Monday and its for 2 people. I also need a reference number
How many nights?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.
OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel starting Monday, your reference number is IGAT23Z5 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Have a great stay.


What theaters are on the east side of town?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any located in the east. Can I check in a different area for you?
Ok, well lets try maybe for a swimming pool instead.
The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town. Would you like their address?
No but I would like the number and postcode for The Abbey Pool.
The phone number is 01223902088. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, do you have the Abbey Pool postcode, please?
Sure, it is cb58nt. Will that be all?
No, that is it. Thanks.
Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day.


I'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre.
I don't have any sporting events in the centre. May I try a different area?
Maybe we could try swimming instead?
Yes, the Parkside Pools is available with that criteria. The phone number for it is 01223446100. Do you require any other information about it?
please find me the address.
It is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.
I am also looking to eat out. Expensive [Welsh] food.
I have nothing that match your search. Do you have another preference ?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
May I recommend Bedouin? It's an expensive african restaurant in the centre of town.
How about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves [Indian]?
There are 5 restaurants that fit that criteria, Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes please, I would like a quiet place as much as possible.
The [Golden Curry] should meet your needs. What day and time would you like to book the table and for how many people?
I would like it for just me because I don't have friends, for [11:45] on Tuesday.
I've made those reservations and the reference number is B1J73EIY .
Can you also arrange a taxi for me? I need to go from [Parkside Pools] to [Golden Curry] and arrive there by [11:45].
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Honda and their contact number is 07951132532.
Thank you very much for all your help today. That is all I need for now.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a great [European] restaurant. Can you help with that?
There are quite a few European restaurants, what price range are you interested in?
can you find me one that is in the moderate price range?
Yes, I can help you with that. What area are you interested in?
The area doesn't matter.
There are 2 restaurants listed as European, and 3 listed as Modern European. Are you more interested in one group?
I apologize, are any of those in the Centre area?
Yes, two modern European and two European are listed in Centre. Do you have a preference?
Either is good. Pick the best and give me the address postcode and phone number.
How about [Galleria]? It's a European restaurant at 33 Bridge Street, CB21UW. Their phone number is 01223362054. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in the same area.
What type of attraction would you like to visit?
It doesn't matter, anywhere in town that's in the same area as the restaurant. I'd like the postcode too, please.
I recommend the Primavera museum at 10 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj.
Thanks so much for your help, I have all the info I need for right now.
Thank you for calling! Goodbye.


Hi there. I am hoping you could help me find a [british] restaurant in town.
Sure we have quite a few. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
Yes I am looking for something moderately priced.
Okay, and do you prefer a certain area of town? There are four in the centre and one in the west.
Yes, the one in the west please.
The one in the west is [Saint Johns Chop House]. Its located at 21-24 Northampton Street. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would really appreciate that. Can you get me a table for 5 on Sunday at [16:45]?
I'm afraid they're fully booked for 16:45 Sunday. Perhaps a different time or day?
Is there anything [an hour earlier or an hour later] on that same day?
No, unfortunately. Both an hour earlier and an hour later, they're booked.
Let's try a different restaurant.
What is available in the centre area at 16:45 for a party of 5?
Sure, when you find something, make the booking and give me the reference number.
I have you booked at a British place in the center of town. [Restaurant One Seven], reference code 5K83E181 .
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye.
Have a great day!


I'd like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking.
I have 19 hotels or guest houses throughout the city that meet your needs. Can you tell me if you want a hotel or a guest house?
That does not matter but I need it to have free wifi and in the expensive price range.
I have 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure. Can you book it for 4 people? We will be staying there for 5 nights starting from Thursday.
I booked the [university Arms Hotel] for 4 people starting Thursday staying for 5 nights. Your reservation number is XQE5GLOD . Anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
Thanks again for your help.
Goodbye and enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay that has free wifi.
Great, I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you'd like be?
I need the place to be in the east part of town.
[Allenbell] is in the east with a 4 star rating. It has free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve a room?
please and I need postcode and confirm number
Postal code is cb13js, before I book, how many people and nights and starting which day?
I would like it for 3 people 2 nights starting sunday please.
Reference number is : U1WO8E7E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book an expensive [Chinese] restaurant.
We have 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Same area as the hotel. I need a reservation for 3 at [17:30] on Sunday and please provide the reference number.
[Yu garden] is a good choice. I've booked a table for 3 at 17:30 on sunday. Reference number is FT3SRQ1R . Reservations are held for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
No, that's all I need, thanks!
Bye now, then. Have a nice day.


While in Cambridge I am looking for a college in the centre of town please.
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town, did you have a particular one you were interested in?
No I don't have a preference.
Okay, we've got christ's college on saint andrew's street at 01223334900. Will there be anything else?
I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge. I'd like it to arrive by [18:15].
Yes, I can help you with that. The first train leaves at 05:00 on Friday and the last one departs at 13:00, do you have a preference?
Yes. I would like the train to depart from Cambridge and arrive by 18:15.
What would your destination be?
saint andrew street
I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to bishops stortford on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 18:15.
Thank you. TR2153 will depart cambridge at 17:29 on tuesday, arriving at bishops stortford at 18:07. Will that work?
That should work thank you very much
How many tickets do you need?
Can I get tickets for 5 people?
Sure. Your reference number is KOPBB0EL . Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're quite welcome! We hope you've found this service useful and wish you a wonderful rest of your day.


Another driver bumped into my car. He says its no big deal and wants to drive off, but I'm not so sure. Can you help?
What was the location of the accident? I can send the police.
I can contact the police myself. What's the address including postcode, and also phone number for the police?
Contact the Parkside Police Station at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Phone number is 01223358966.
Okay. Thanks very much for your help.
You are most welcome!


I am trying to find information about [ADC Theatre], can you help me?
adc theatre is in the centre of town on park street, would you like their phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number.
Sure, the phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
No, actually that takes care of everything I need. Have a great day now!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hello! My friends told me about a hotel called [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. Can you get me some information about it, please?
Yes she lives in. Barbers lost his son and and sleeps and eats a lot
do they have internet? how many stars does it have? and whats its postcode?
They have internet, it has a 4 star rating, and the postcode is cb12de.
Great! I will also need a train. I need to leave on Saturday and depart from Cambridge.
What is your desired destination and timeframe for travel?
Going to london kings cross. I want to leave after [10:15].
The TR5170 departs Cambridge on Saturday at 11:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 11:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I would like the travel time and price information if you can provide it, however.
The TR5170's trip duration is 51 minutes, and it costs 18.88 pounds. Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that will be everything.
Have a great trip!
Thank you. You have been very helpful.
It's my pleasure. Goodbye1


I am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range.
I have about 5 restaurants in that area. What kind of food would you like them to serve?
Surprise me, I just need the booking for 8 people Monday at [18:00]. Please provide me with a reference number for this booking.
I can make a reservation at [Saigon City] for 8 people on Monday evening. The reference number is ECKX7YSF . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much! That's all I needed.
You are very welcome. Would you like the address for the restaurant?
No thank you. Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!


I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of cambridge.
I was able to find 13 colleges would you like to go to Downing College?
Yes that would be great can you give me the postcode entrance for you and address to it?
Sure, the address is Regent Street, the postcode is cb21dq, and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need to find a train leaving on Monday.
Certainly, where are you departing from and what is your destination please?
I'm departing from london liverpool street to cambridge.
There are a number of trains running from 5:39 to 23:39. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I'd like to leave after [08:45]. Which train leaves closest to that time?
Unfortunately, the closest leaves at 09:39, which leaves almost an hour later. That train is the TR7256, do you still want to book it?
Oh, no need to book it for me. But yes, that train will do just fine. Thank you for your help, that was all I needed.
You are welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.


I'm looking for attractions to go in the centre of Cambridge, please.
I show 44 attractions in the centre of Cambridge. Was there a specific type of attraction you were looking for?
I don't really know. What do you suggest in the city center?
There is much architecture here worth taking a tour of. I am a fan of [All Saint's Church].
Sounds good. What is their entrance fee?
Entrance to All Saints is free.
Great. What is All Saint's Church's address and postcode, please?
They are located at jesus lane, and their postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich, could you help me find one?
Sure, there are 133 trains from cambridge to norwich. What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.
There are 19 trains that go to norwich from cambridge what time would you like to leave or arrive?
[09:15] and should depart from cambridge
There are none that will leave by 09:15 will the 09:36 be ok?
Actually, I need to arrive by [09:15]. Is there anything early morning on Monday from Cambridge to Norwich?
Train TR5773 suits your needs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, what's the price and departure time on TR5773?
The departure time is 07:36. It is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for your help
Great, have a good day!


I need a taxi to the [arbury lodge guesthouse].
Ok. I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from [grafton].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'd like to arrive by [07:00].
Great! I was able to book a car for you at 7:00/
Did I say arrive by 7:00? Sorry, I meant to say leave the restaurant after [04:15].
Okay you've been rebooked into a grey toyota.
Alright. What is the contact number?
The contact number is 07421146417. Do you need help with anything else?
That's all I need help with right now. Thank you!
You are welcome.


Hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves [scottish] cuisine. Could you recommend somewhere near the centre?
There are currently no available restaurants with scottish food in the centre. Would you me to look in another area?
No, let's stay in the centre. Are there any [Chinese] places there?
Yes I have many options. What price range would you most prefer?
Any price range is fine.
How about the [Charlie Chan]? They are a budget-friendly Chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
That sounds good. May I have their telephone number? Also could you help me finding a 4 star hotel in the same area?
There phone number is 01223361763. university arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel. May I book it for you?
Oh, no, I really need the hotel to be cheap.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is the only cheap 4 star place in the centre of town. Will a guesthouse instead of a hotel work for you?
Yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from Thursday for 3 people. I will need a reference number as well.
I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful for three days. Would you like to try two?
Yes please try for 2 nights instead.
A booking for 3 people for 2 days is unsuccessful. Would you like to try anything else?
The booking should be for 5 people and 2 nights. Can you please try again?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ATBUIFXS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. Yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the [Alexander B & B] to the restaurant. I need to leave the hotel by [3:45] at the very latest.
Sure. Look out for a white Volvo. The contact number will be 07936735628. Anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your assistance!
Thank you. Goodbye.


I seem to have injured myself and need a nearby hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd. The phone number is 01223245151.
OK, great, thanks. I suppose I should grab the address and postal code to so I don't get lost on the way there.
Sure, their phone number is 01223245151 and their postcode is CB20QQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
That was everything. Thank you!
You're welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a place in the centre of town that is a nightclub.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, the one with the lowest entrance fee is soul tree nightclub which is 4 pounds to get in.
That sounds like it will work. Can I get their address and postcode?
Of course! They're located at 1-6 corn exchange street with postcode cb23qf. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!


Good morning. Would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel?
Absolutely? What was the name of the hotel and I can get that information for you.
The hotel is the [Lovell Lodge], I need to make a reservation if you can find it.
I have it here. It's moderately priced and is in the north. They offer free wifi and parking. Can you tell me how many to book for and how long?
Yes, I'd like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is J6J0AACJ .
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the north side of Cambridge.
I found 11 guesthouses matching your preferences. Do you have a star rating you'd prefer?
4 stars, please, but still just moderately priced.
I have 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. Do you have any other preferences?
One with free parking would be great!
There are 6 guesthouses that match your criteria. If you give me your length of stay and beginning date perhaps I can narrow them down for you.
Great can I get the address of one and whether or not they have free parking?
Arbury Lodge at 82 Arbury Road has free parking.
Thank you. Can you tell me if there is a train going to Norwich on Friday?
I have 19 trains departing for Norwich on Friday. Do you have a preferred departure time?
Yes, after [19:45] and departing from cambridge please.
Okay, the TR4885 train leaves at 20:36 and arrives by 21:55. Would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will work. Can you tell me the price, travel time and confirm the arrival time please?
My apologies, the train ID is actually TR4886, it costs 17.60 pounds per ticket and is a 79 minute trip. The train arrives at 21:55.
Okay, thank you for your help!
You are welcome, what else can I do for you today?
Nope, that's everything. You've been very helpful.
Thank you very much! I am glad i was able to you find everything you needed. Have a wonderful day and I hope you'll use our service again.


Can you get me the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in the Parkside part of Cambridge.
Could you give me their address and phone please.
The phone number is 01223358966, it is located in Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay that is in the expensive price range and has free parking.
I have 5 hotels that meet what you are looking for. Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in so I can make a recommendation?
I would like a guesthouse in the south in the expensive price range.
There is only a hotel in the south in that price range. Would you like to try another area?
Is there one in the cheap price range?
I found one, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Can I have the address? Also do they offer internet?
The address is 53 roseford road cv22ha, and it does indeed offer free internet. Would you like me to book?
No thank you. I am also looking for a train though going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I'm leaving on Thursday, but to clarify, I want to DEPART from Kings Lynn and ARRIVE in Cambridge.
133 trains will be departing Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge. Can you tell me which day and time you would like to travel to narrow down the results.
I will be travelling on Thursday, and I'd like to arrive by [21:30].
The TR2788 train leaves at 05:11 and arrives by 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much does it cost?
Tickets for that train are 9.80 pounds each. Should I book it?
Yes, please book that for me.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is ZPN560FR .
Thank you very much for helping me today!
It was my pleasure. Feel free to call us anytime. Have a good day.


need a restaurant serving [turkish] style venue
OK, so you would like a Turkish restaurant. In what area would you like to eat?
Any area would be fine! Could I please get the address and postcode of a Turkish restaurant?
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, C.B 2, 1 U.J. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?
There are a total of 18 moderately priced hotels or guesthouses. Do you have a preference as to lodging type? Also, what area are you interested in?
We would like a hotel and free wifi too.
Okay, I was able to find three with that criteria. Can I recommend the Ashley Hotel located on the north side of town?
Does [Ashley Hotel] have a 0 rating? That's what I'm interested in.
It has 2 stars. There is also cityroomz which has 0 stars.
Could you give me the postcode, address, and number for [cityroomz]?
Sure. Cityroomz is located at the Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road, postcode cb12tz. you can call them at 01223304050. Can I be of further help to you?
I also need a train for monday.
Certainly! Where will you be traveling?
From Norwich to Cambridge.
Okay great! Do you know when you want to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by [13:15] please.
Did you have a specific departure time in mind? You could leave Norwich as early as 05:16 or as late as 11:16 on Monday.
I don't have a preference for leaving. Could you book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.
I booked 8 tickets on the TR9020 train. The reference number is 111OTIYE
Thanks very much for your help. That's all we needed today!
I'm glad to have been of service, goodbye.


I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?
Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel. How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.
Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H . Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.
There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want the train to leave after [16:30].
I can put you on the tr8665 with this train you will arrive at 17:58, how many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets, please.
Done! The total fare is 47.04 Pounds, payable at the station, and your reference number is 6CXB3CA2 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
welcome anytime you need to know about anything


Please find a cheap restaurant in the north.
There is an indian restaurant or an Italian one. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with [Italian]. I need you to book it for 7 people, at [11:00] on Monday. I'd also like a reference number.
You're booked at [Da Vinci Pizzeria] on Monday at 11 for 7 people. Your reference number is MTHF8EE1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you get some information for me about swimmingpools in that area?
Yes, there are two swimming pools in the north. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and [Kings Hedges Learner Pool]. Would either of those be of interest?
Yes, the Kings one. How much to get into that one?
I do not see an entrance fee listed but their phone number is 01223353248. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the post code as well please?
Their postcode is cb42xh. Can I help with anything else today?
no that's all thanks
You are welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. Can you help me?
Yes, of course. What area will you be staying in?
I will be staying on the southend.
There are 4 places to stay in the south. Do you have any other specifications?
I want it to be expensive and include free parking.
The Lensfield fits all these criteria, would you like me to book it?
I actually want to stay in the East, with free parking.
Sure, [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is an expensive hotel in the east with free parking. Would you like more information?
Can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting Friday? There will be a total of 6 people.
I managed to book your reservation successfully, Reference number is : FK4WK9O1 . Thank you.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the east part of town. Can you help me?
No problem. Do you have any preference?
I don't really have any preferences other than I want it to be in the same area as the hotel.
Okay, well I recommend Cambridge Artworks. It's a lovely museum.
Can you give me the address and postcode for [Cambridge Artworks]?
The postcode is cb13ef and the address is 5 greens road.
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.
Great, have a good one!


I need a train to Norwich, leaving after [21:30].
On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.
Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge
ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?
The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?
This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes if you could book it that would be great.
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need any reservations today just information.
OK! Do you have all the information you need?
i am also looking for a guest house called [a and b guest house].
The A and B Guesthouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east. It has free internet, but no parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the address.
sure thing, they are located at 124 tension road
Great, thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Okay great. Thanks for calling.


I would like to find a restaurant called [Pipasha].
Pipasha is an expensive indian restaurant. It is located in the east area of town. Can I help you with more information or a reservation?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 on Tuesday at [14:00].
Okay I have done that and your reference number is WR87HHPJ .
I would also like to check out a concerthall.
Great! [The Man on the Moon] is a concerthall in the centre at 2 Norfolk street.
Thanks. Can you also tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb12lf. What else would you like assistance with today?
Do you happen to have their phone number also?
Yes, the phone number is 01223474144
I also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.
Ok, I have booked you a black skoda to get you to the restaurant in time. You can contact them at 07461245991. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that's it.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge


I will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last boating excursion in. Any boating [places] in the south area?
It looks like there isn't any boating in the south area. Would you like me to look in a different area of town?
How about a nightclub in the south?
Sure, The Place is on 22 sidney street and the postcode is cb23hg. Phone number is 01223324600.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
i would like place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is a nice four star guesthose with internet available. Would you like me to book you a room?
I would prefer a guest house that has one star. Is there one available also with free wifi?
No, I'm sorry there are no 1 start guesthouses offering free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, the four will be fine, then. I don't need to book, yet. Thanks for your help.
No problem. Are you sure you don't want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
Okay. I have a reservation for 4 for two nights starting Friday.


Hi, I need a taxi from [london liverpool street train station] to [gourmet burger kitchen]
Sure no worries, what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after [12:30]! Give me all the necessary details please
Taxi is booked, Red audi will come for you. Contact number is 07274783062. Do you need any other help?
That's all, thanks for help!
Pleasure all mine, have a good day!


I need a train that leaves on Friday after [20:45].
There are oodles of available trains so let's narrow that down a smidge. What are you departure and destination locations?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street
I would suggest TR9557 which leaves Cambridge at 21:59 and arrives at your destination at 23:27.
Sounds great! Thank you very much! What is the price on that train?
The train is 16.60 pounds. Can I book that for you?
Sure. I also need a reservation at [rosa's] bed and breakfast.
I have you booked for 1 seat on the TR9557. What day are you wanting to book Rosa's bed and breakfast for?
What is their address and do they have free parking or free internet?
Rosa's has both free parking and free internet.
Could I get the address please?
Their address is 53 roseford road, cb22ha. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that's all I need. Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting us, if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of Cambridge.
There are 44 locations in the centre do you have a type of event you'd like?
No, just give me whatever. I'd like a postcode and phone number for the location please.
[The man on the moon] concert hall is located at 2 norfolk street postcode cb12lf. The phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd also like the place to include free parking and a 3 star rating
I'm not sure if the concert hall has free parking. The phone number is 01223474144. Would you like me to call and find out?
Yes please, also is it a 3 star rating? and is it in the same area as the attraction I mentioned before?
Are you looking for a hotel in the same area as the concert, or are you wondering if the concert has a 3 star rating? Just to clarify.
Sorry for the confusion. A hotel that is also in the centre, please. I would like it to have free parking and 3 stars.
the [gonville hotel] seems like the place for you
I'd like to book 5 nights, starting Saturday.
How many people will be staying?
This will be for 3 people please
Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that length of stay on Saturday. Would you like me to try a shorter stay or different day?
How about two nights?
The booking was successful. I have booked gonville hotel for 3 people for 2 days your reference number is : BA906BWG .
Fantastic. Thank you for all your help. That's all I needed.
Excellent. Thank you for getting in touch.


I am looking for a hotel by the name of The [Lensfield Hotel].
I have a listing for that hotel. It is on the south side and has three stars. Can I book you a room?
What type of hotel is this and could I get the address?
It's a hotel and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a museum located in centre.
I'd like to suggest the [broughton house gallery]. Do you need any information on it?
Yes, can you tell me the entrance fee?
Good news, it is free to enter! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by [18:30]. get contact number and car type
Booked it. It's a yellow honda, contact 07649871562. Anything else you need?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a type of boat in the east.
There is [camboats] in the east. Their phone number is 01223902112 and they are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx. Anything else?
IS there a high end restaurant that serves [british] cuisine in the same area?
you are lucky! there is only one restaurant called [grafton hotel restaurant] that serves expensive british in the east. Do you need my help to reserve it?
no not at the moment. But i do need their phone number though.
No problem. Their number is 01223241387. Is there anything else I can help with you?
Can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
Sure thing. What is your destination and when do you want to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by [2:00]. The destination would be the camboats.
You're all set. A blue audi is picking you up and their contact number is 07384256413.


I want to find a restaurant serving [gastropub] food in the centre of town.
I have 3 results for gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer expensive or moderately priced?
Moderately priced, please.
Okay, I have [the cow pizza kitchen and bar] listed, would you like to try that one?
That sounds great! Could you book me a table for 8 people at [14:45] on Tuesday, please?
Unfortunately, that day and time are unavailable. Would you like to try a different day or time, or perhaps a different restaurant?
How about at [13:45] for 8 people on Tuesday?
I was able to book for 13:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is HKMRSI6F . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train to Birmingham New Street leaving after [13:15].
I have 70 trains going to birmingham new street. Could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day you'd like to leave?
Oh yes, of course, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
I have 10 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 14:01 to 23:01, with a duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book one?
Yes, book the 14:01 for the same group of people. I'll need a reference number, please.
Booking was successful for TR8860, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H9Y9X5HY .
Thank you very much for you help. Have a great day.
Thank you! Let me know if I can help with anything else.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.
I have 21 4 star hotels, would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the most suitable hotel for you?
I need free wifi and would like it to be moderately priced. Thank you.
There are 11 hotels and guesthouses that offer free wifi and are moderately priced. Is there a particular part of town that you wish to stay in?
Of these 11, please give me the area and address of all those that offer free parking
North 154 chesterton road, North 82 arbury road, North 52 gilbert road, South 5 mowbray road, east, 138 perne road
Can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the moderate price range. I'll just need to know the area & address.
I have the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] located in the south. The address is 5 Mowbray Road. Is there any other information you need? I can help you with booking a room if you would like.
Maybe later. I'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the east.
I am sorry there are no places to look at architecture in the east. Would you like me to check another area of town?
I'd like to check out the sports center. I need to call the venue to find out the cost of tickets to events.
The only sports center in the east is The [Cherry Hinton Village Centre]. The phone number is 01223576412. Would you like to know the address or postcode?
Yes, can I get the postcode and also the entrance fee?
cb19ej and unfortunately i am not sure what the entrance fee is
That's fine. I'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by [20:15].
Where will you be leaving from?
You can book it from the Aylesbray.
I have booked your taxi and your contact number is 07276055179. Be on the lookout for a white honda.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That is all.
Thank you for using this system.


I need assistance finding a train departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.
We have quite a few options available to you. Is there a particular day you are looking to travel?
I'm leaving after [15:15] on Tuesday. What's available then?
I have four, what time would you prefer to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.
TR0945 leaves on tuesday at 17:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also tell me how much it is & what time it arrives?
Okay, I have booked the 17:00 train for you. The arrival time is 17:51. Your reference number is FGAHEJD9 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
I am also looking for a particular attraction. The name of the place is [Lynne Strover Gallery]. Can you give me the address and fee?
Lynne Strover Gallery's address is 23 high street, fen ditton, entrance is free. Can I do anything else for you today?
May I have the postal code for the Gallery as well please?
Yes, it's cb30aq. Is there anything else I can tell you about it? Or something else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.


Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?
We have 11 guesthouses available. Is it possible to narrow it down to price range or number of stars?
Yes I am looking for something in the expensive price range.
We have no guesthouses in the expensive range, are there any other ranges that you would be interested in.
Yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?
There are 3 in the area you are looking for. The acorn guest house, the arbury lodge guesthouse, and the archway house. Would you like to know more?
I'd like some details on the [Acorn Guest House] please. What's the address, postcode, and phone number?
The address of the Acorn Guest House is 154 chesterton road. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge.
I have 202 trains that match that description. Where are you headed?
I am headed to Leicester and it should leave after [13:45].
TR3780 will depart Cambridge at 14:21 and arrive in leicester by 16:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 6 tickets. When you book it can you get me a reference number?
Certainly, your reference number is I1CM9WUT . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That is all at this time.
Have a great day. Goodbye.


Hello. I need a train leaving from London Kings Cross on Thursday. What's available?
I have multiple trains leaving London Kings Cross Thursday. What time are you looking to leave by?
I am looking to go to cambridge and arrive by [9:45]
I have 2 trains leaving London Kings Cross for Cambridge Thursday arriving before 9:45. Which would you prefer, one arrives at 6:08 the other 8:08?
What's the price?
The price per ticket is 23.60 pounds and the ride is 51 minutes long. Can I help you in booking a ticket?
No, no booking is necessary. But thanks for the info. Thats all I needed.
Very good. Have a good day.


I need a train that leaves on friday and leaves after [10am]
The TR1502 will leave Friday at 11:00, will this do?
Possibly. Does it arrive in Cambridge from Kings Lynn?
I do have a train leaving at 10:11 from Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge at 10:58. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 8 people and I need the reference number.
OK. Your reference number is 5BB27IBR and the fee will be 78.40 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in the center of town. Something that involves multiple sports. Do you know of anything?
Unfortunately there is no place in the centre that is that attraction type. Would you like me to search another type or another area perhaps?
Yes, how about a swimming pool?
Yes there is a swimming pool, [Parkside pools] at Gonville Place. The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need the postcode and address, please.
The address is gonville place, and cb11ly is the postcode.
That is all, thank you. Bye
It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Hi, I would like to find a place to stay in Cambridge with free wifi.
I have several different options. In order to narrow them down, is there a certain price rang you would prefer?
In the moderate price range please. Oh and it needs to be a guesthouse.
Alright, I have found 14 recommendations. Do you know what area you would prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I need to know if they have free parking.
I'm sorry, but I'm running into some errors in my system. Could you please restate your hotel requirements?
I'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. It needs to be in the moderate price range and needs to have free wifi.
I have the a and b guest house and it does have free internet. Would you like to book this?
Could you tell me what area it is in and whether it has free parking?
The A & B Guesthouse does not have free parking.
I also need a train for Friday departing from Ely to Cambridge for 5 people and arriving by [16:30]. Can you book this and get a reference number for me?
The closest match for you would be the TR4389. You'll depart at 15:35 and arrive at 15:52. Reference number D40MV6A4 . 22 GBP payable at the station.
Great thank you for your help today.
Thank you for using our system?


Can you tell me if the restaurant [Eraina] is in Cambridge? Thank you.
Yes, it is in Cambridge.
Excellent. Where is it?
The Address is Free School Lane City Centre, postal code cb23rh
Great! Any chance I could get a table for 7 there at [14:30] on Wednesday? I'll need the reference number once you make the reservation.
The booking was successful. Your table will be held for 15 minutes at 14:30 on Wednesday, and your reference number is K32GULPV .
Okay great. I am also looking for a train leaving anytime after [17:15] going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday, can you book that for me please?
There are four trains that meet those criteria. The earliest leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Trains are every 2 hours after that.
I'll go with the 17:29. What is the train ID and price?
The train ID is TR6673 and the price is 10.10 pounds per ticket
Thank you. I'll take it.
How many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually I don't need any tickets today. I'm all set here. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west that is available.
What kind of foods do they serve there? And I would like an address and the postal code as well please. Do you also have reviews of Graffiti, from locals?
Graffiti serves British food. The postcode is cb30lx. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Reviews are not available in our database.
Okay thank you for your time.
Thank you! Have a great day!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from [la Margarita] and should go to [riverboat Georgina].
What time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [17:15].
I have a white tesla booked. The contact number is 07032807056. Anything else today?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!
Great, have a wonderful day and enjoy your taxi ride, thank you!


I am traveling to the centre area of cambridge and am looking for something to do. Can you recommend places to go.
There is the [Vue Cinema] on the grafton centre, east road.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Sure the phone is 08712240240 and post code cb11ps.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a train?
There are many trains running, let's narrow down the search a little bit shall we? What time, day and where are you going may help
I would like to leave on Sunday after [12:30], on the train departing from Cambridge and arrive in Kings Lynn.
The first train available is at 13:11, and there are others running every hour thereafter. Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need to book, but can you tell me the train ID, arrival time, and total travel time?
Sure, TR8241 arrives at Kings Lynn by 13:58, with a short 47 minute commute. The cost for a ticket is 7.84 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need!
Alright, I'm glad I was helpful to you today. Have a great day.


I'm trying to find the Parkside Police Station.
You can find them at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks! That's all I need.
You're welcome. Would you like their phone number?
I would love the phone number.
The phone number is 01223358966
Great, that is everything I need today, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our services.


I am trying to find a public swimming pool. Do you know of any?
There are four public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
Do you have one in the centre area. That would be nice.
Yes, we have 1 pool in the centre named [parkside pools]. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee and can I get their number as well?
Of course, I'd be happy to provide that information. Unfortunately our system does not have information about their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223446100 so you can ask directly.
Great I am also looking for some info on a hotel called [city centre north b and b]
Sure, City Centre North B & B is a guesthouse on the north side, fairly cheap with 0 stars. Would you like to make a booking there?
Thank you but I would just like the address of the hotel for now. I will also need a taxi to be booked, though.
The address of the hotel is at 328a histon road and its postal code is cb43ht.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by [22:30]
I have a taxi, a blue volkswagen, set to pick you up from parkside pools at 22:30. Your contact number is 07804944337. Is there anything else?
No that is everything I needed. Take care. Thanks!
We hope you have a great time.


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
Okay, Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you want the phone number?
Yes, and the postcode please.
The postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need anything else?
Yes the phone number also.
That phone number is 01223245151.
Great! Thank you so much.
Glad to be able to help.


Yes, I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay that includes free parking.
I have many that meet your demands. Do you have a part of town you prefer to stay in?
No anywhere would be fine but I would like a guesthouse with free wifi.
It seems there are not any locations that fit that criteria. Is there anything you could change regarding your preferences?
How about a moderately priced guesthouse instead of expensive?
The [acorn guest house] meets all of your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need the room for three nights starting on Tuesday.
Could you tell me how many people will be staying?
Just one person please.
I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to change the length of your stay?
Could you see if they have 2 nights starting on tuesday?
Yes, I was able to book for 2 nights. Your reference number is QD303GCI .
I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.
I have 11 museums in the centre of town available, do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference. Anything is fine.
You might enjoy the [Broughton House Gallery] located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
Thanks. I just need the entrance fee for that gallery please.
It is free to visit. Is there anything else i can do for you?
No that was it! Thank you so much.
Great! Have a lovely trip! Goodbye!


I need a hotel with free wifi. I'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.
There are three 0 star hotels, both city centre north b and b, and el shaddai are cheap, and cityroomz is moderate. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guest house if any 0 stars are available.
We have 2 of those. Would you like a guesthouse in the north or centre?
I would like a guesthouse in the north please. Can you check if it has free parking?
Our cheap zero star guesthouse in the north has both free wifi and free parking. Would you like to book?
Not right now. Thank you. I am also looking for a train that leaves on Monday and arrives by [1830].
Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
Leaving Cambridge and headed to Stevenage, please.
I have a 15:21 or a 17:21 train, arriving 49 minutes later at 16:10 or 18:10, respectively. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. The 17:21 would be perfect. Please book it for 4 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is YSJ6ZWYT . Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


Hello. I am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.
Okay, I need some more information. Do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go?
I am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers [the Americas] food.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything.
where else could ypou suppose i get american food
I'm not sure, nothing is coming up for that type of food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about [italian]? I love pasta.
I have found a few Italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter really. But I want to book for 5 people at [18:15] on wednesday. so whichever one could accommodate that works for me.
Great I have you at [stazione restaurant and coffee bar] at 18:15 and the reference number is ZM5SFSMH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that was all I needed. Have a great day.
The location is at Market Hill City Centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There seems to be an error. Thanks for booking the Italian restaurant. That is all I needed.
Just want to confirm, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.


Hello, we are looking for information about lodgings in Cambridge. Price is no option and we would like a very nice hotel.
There are 33 hotels available, do you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
As long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. Centre located please.
I would recommend the [university arms hotel]. It is in the centre, expensive, and has free parking. Can I help with anything else?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on thursday.
Okay, you are all set! Reference number is : RGBB7MTN .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on saturday.
What is your destination please and travel time?
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I need to arrive by [11:15].
TR0823 will have you arriving at 11:01. How many tickets do you need?
I am not sure how many yet. For now, I need the departure time and the length of travel time for TR0823.
The departure time is 10:01 and the duration is 60 minutes.
Ok, that's all I need for now. Thanks, bye.
Okay, have a good day.


Hi, I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
Certainly, there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre. What type of food do you prefer?
I am looking to eat some [mediterranean] food.
I have two great choices for you. La Mimosa and the Shiraz Restaurant. Can I offer you more information on one of these two?
Sure, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address for La Mimosa, please?
Absolutely. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58aq. Their phone number is 01223362525. Can I assist you in making a reservation?
No thank you!! Thank you for all your help.
Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Goodbye, have a wonderful day!


I would like a [malaysian] restaurant in the centre of town.
Sorry there are no Malasian resturants in the area you are looking for. Can I help you with something elese.
How about [Korean] food in the Centre of town?
[Little Seoul] is a korean restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address.
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Hills Rd, CB20QQ and their phone number is 0122324515. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for the nearest police station.
Hi, the nearest police station is at Parkside, Cambridge postcode: CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you please give me the phone number as well?
The telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, goodbye
Great! Have a nice day!


Are there any hotel rooms left?
the list is so broad. can you specify the price range?
I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?
There are 16 hotels that match that description. Do you have a preference for location or price range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.
Yes, we have 16 guesthouses that meet your needs. If area and price don't matter, I recommend the [Acorn Guest House] in the north.
Great! Can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?
sure, it is in the north. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888.
i am also looking for a particular attraction.
I can help you with that! What is the name of the attraction you are looking for?
I'm looking for [Clare College]. I'd like to get the postcode, please.
Sure! The postcode is CB21TL.
Last thing I need is a taxi from [Clare College] to the hotel, and I need to leave by [16:30].
I have booked that taxi and your contact number is 0707064481 please look for a black ford.
thanks so much you have been very helpful!
welcome amd i am happy i helped you. have a good day


I am interested in finding the [Lensfield Hotel].
The Lensfield Hotel is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road on the south side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please. I need a room for 5 nights, arriving on Friday. There are 3 of us.
I've made a reservation for you, reference number J2AU5H3Q . Is there anything else you need?
Where can we eat?
There are nine restaurants on the same side of town as your hotel. I can make a recommendation if I knew the price range you were interested in.
I don't have a specific price range, but I was hoping for somewhere [Danish].
I'm sorry there are no danish restaurants in the south. Would you like to try another area or food type?
[Chinese] is always a good standby, what is available for that?
There are 3 Chinese restaurants available.
Can you recommend one and make reservations for the same day please.
peking restaurant looks good, but it is expensive, is that ok?
That's fine. Please make a reservation for 3 people on Friday at 18:00, please.
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?


I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?
I've found several guesthouse options, do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
Do any of those have free parking? I really need it to include that.
Three guesthouses rated 3 stars have free parking available. May I start a reservation for you?
Yes, at whichever one you think is nicer. I need a room for 2 nights on Saturday. There are 6 of us.
I have made a reservation for your party of six for two nights starting Saturday at [Bridge Guest House]. Your reference number is ZZ1ECCCS . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with [British] food.
Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular area?
It should be in the centre.
i recommend [cotto], phone-01223302010
That's great. I'd like to book a table for the same group at [14:15] on the same day.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV3AQGOI . anything else?
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
What time would you like to leave and from where?
Leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by [14:15].
The booking is completed. Lookout for a black Ford contact number 07589149146. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I am looking for a nice [bistro] in Cambridge, moderately priced would be good.
unfortunately i don't have anything in that price range
There's nothing moderate in all of the centre area? Or just bistro food?
We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the center, just no Bistro, sorry.
Is there a [gastropub] in that area instead?
Yes, we have one and it's called The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, let's book a table for 6 people at [14:45] on tuesday.
Alright, your reservation is made with reference number V76UTC2C . Can I help you with anything else?
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 1 person and must have free parking
What area do you need it to be in?
In the centre please
What price range?
Not price specific but I want something 0 star.
I think [El Shaddai] would be perfect for you. It's in the centre of town, 0 star, and has free wifi and parking. Can I book for you?
Does it have internet?
Yes it does and is included in the price!
Could I have the phone number and type of hotel? Also need a taxi to the restaurant and arrive by the booked time. Provide the contact number and car type.
The phone number is 01223327978.
thank you that will be all
Okay, but do you still need a taxi?
yes i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
to which direction will you be going?
Going from El Shaddai to the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar, and I need to arrive in time for my reservation at the restaurant.
OKay I will look into this for you and be back in a moment.
Thank you. I appreciate your quick response.
It looks like you will arrive by 14:45. Your booking is complete and the car type is grey audi. The contact number is 07534462642.


I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of town.
I can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
I don't have a preference. I'm just looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.
i have 2 locations that match your requirements, one is cheap, one is moderate. which would you prefer?
I guess we can go with the moderately priced one.
Aylesbray Lodge guest house is moderately priced and has free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is [Aylesbray Lodge] a guesthouse? If not, is there a guesthouse that fits?
Yes, it is a guesthouse. When would the stay begin and for how long?
I need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting Wednesday.
Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : 76HG81V6 . Anything else I can do for you?


Yes, I need a hotel in the moderate price range please.
Would you like a hotel in the north or the centre?
The north. But I do need an actual hotel, no guestrooms.
I have two hotels available that meet that criteria. Would you like more information?
Yes, tell me about those.
[Ashley hotel] is 2 stars with free internet and free parking lot.
What about the other hotel?
[Lovell Lodge] is also two stars. In the moderate price range, located in the North, at 365 milton road. It has free parking and wifi.
Could you book me a room at one of those? I need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel at 74 chesterton road. Your Reference number is : PM69RLXB Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
Enjoy your stay.


I would like a restaurant that serves [portuguese] food
[Nandos] is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and is on the south part of town. Would you like the phone number?
what is their address
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
That is all I need. No further questions.
OK. Good bye.


I'd like to find a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
There are a few to choose from. Are you looking for pizza or more of a varied Italian fare?
I would like more varied Italian fare, please.
Well then I would recommend Prezzo in the west that is also moderately priced.
I rather eat somewhere in the centre of town.
Pizza express serves Italian and is in the moderate price range


I'm looking for something to go to in Cambridge.
What area of town were you looking to visit?
It doesn't matter. I'm looking for a nice museum.
Broughton house gallery is a nice museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode and the area of town?
They're in the center of town. The postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [European] food.
I have 5 different restaurants available. Do you prefer to dine in a certain area of town?
NO preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.
There are three choices, erania, [michaelhouse] cafe, and darrys cookhouse and wine shop. Any preferences?
Please get me a table for six at Erania for [15:30] on Wednesday.
Very good, I have your reservation for 6 on Wed at [15:30] made at [Eraina]. The reference number is 9IEPCLQU . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.
I have booked a black Toyota. The contact number is 07957232666. Would that be all for you?
A Black Toyota Taxi?
Yes. Is there anything else I could help with?
No, I have everything I need for today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.


Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant somewhere in the center of Cambridge please?
Sure thing!. There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific cuisine or price range you're looking for?
Yes, I'm looking for an [indian] restaurant.
I have found 9 Indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
Not really. But I am also interested in finding some architecture to look at.
I recommend the [All Saints Church], located in the centre. Would you like more information?
May I get the area of the church, phone number, and entrance fee?
The church is in the centre area, its phone number is 01223452587, and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. That's all I need.
Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all today.
Thank you and have nice visit.


Can you find a restaurant that serves [british] food and is in the centre?
There are seven restaurants in the center of town serving British food. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range. Can you also provide me addresses?
May i suggest the oak bistro? It has a moderate price range and excellent quality. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a booking, just an address.
The oak bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. I would prefer the same area with free wifi.
I've found the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] that would meet your needs.
I will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 8 people starting on Sunday, May 7.
I'm sorry, but they have no vacancies for that stay. I could try a different day or perhaps just try booking one night for you.
Is there anything available for just 1 night?
Yes, I was able to book the alexander for one night! Your Reference number is : AWHCN41U
That's great! Thank you very much.
You are very welcome. Have a good day.


I am at [Club Salsa] and I need to book a taxi to leave after [06:15].
Sure! What is your destination?
I need to go to the [Cambridge arts theatre].
Your booking is all set. A black honda will be picking you up.
Wonderful, thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a good time!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking for a hotel.
There are at least 9 hotels in the area. What price range would you like?
Moderate price range. And a 4 star rating, please.
I'm sorry, we don't have any hotel rooms that meet those requirements.
I need a place with wifi.
I have 2 hotels in the moderate price range with free wifi and 2 star ratings in the north location, would you like one of those?
yes and book it for me and I need postcode
would you like the ashley hotel, cityroomz, or lovell lodge?
[Ashely hotel] will be fine thank you
The postcode for the Ashley hotel is cb41er, can you give me some more information to book your room?
it has wifi and free parking,there is no info on the room
Okay the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge match your preferences.
Which one is better?
Well, both have a two star rating and are in the same price range, so I think they'd be about the same, quality-wise.
Please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Thursday.
Your reservation for 8 people at Ashley Hotel this Thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NZP6RTB5 .
Thanks now I need a cab to and from both places
Which place will be you departing from and and do you have to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I need to be at the restaurant by [1:00].
What is the other place?
I need to be picked up at the hotel, please.
I'm sorry, what restaurant do you need to be picked up from?
It appears that I forgot to book a restaurant reservation. I need something in the south in the same price range as the hotel, please.
I have 9 restaurants in the south. What price range would you like?
Priced moderately please.
I have only one in the moderate price range serving modern European food. Would you like a booking there?
I don't want to book it quite yet. Could you get me the phone number, postcode, and address?
[Restaurant alimentum] is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Their phone number is 01223413000. May I help with something else?
Can you help me find a taxi?
I have a yellow Honda scheduled to pick you up at the hotel at 1:00. The contact number is 07039029314. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thanks for the help.
Thank you very much for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a nice day.


Yes I needed information about a particular restaurant.
I can help with that. What is the name of the restaurant?
[Pizza hut cherry] hinton. Can you provide me with the area they are located in?
Yes, they are in the south area.
That is all I need, thank you and good bye.
Your welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Have a great day!


Can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?
What price range and in what area?
I have no specific area but I would like it to be cheap.
There are nine cheap guesthouses with free parking. Would you be interested in one of the 4-star properties?
Do any have free wifi?
Yes, you have your pick of several properties around town. Can I recommend autumn house? It's a 4-star guesthouse in the east on 710 newmarket rd.
May I please have their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223575122.
Thanks. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, [Restaurant One Seven]. Can you find the address for me?
They are a British place with a moderate price in the centre area, best beef wellington in cambridge, interested in more information?
Can I get the address on that one?
Their address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.
OK, thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I been robbed and need to know what i should do next.
I think you should contact the police station. The nearest one is Parkside police station and their number is 01223358966.
Thank you. I will call right now. Goodbye.
The police station's postal code is CB11JG. The police will help you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.
Do you want to stay in a specific area of town? And would you be fine staying at a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in the centre of town. A guest house is fine.
It looks like we don't have anything moderately priced in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, how about the north?
we have quite a few when are you planning your stay?
Great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. There will be 2 in my party
I was able to book the [acorn guesthouse] for 3 nights for 2. Reference number is EAFYZ0VC . The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888. Will you need anything else today?
Yes. I want to go from Cambridge to Peterborough by train.
There are 266 trains matching your query. What day will you be traveling?
I will travel Saturday after [17:45]
Okay, I see 12 options here. Would you like me to reserve tickets for you?
Yes, please book the tickets and I need the reference number.
How many tickets will you need on this trip?
I will need 2 tickets please.
Okay, I reserved your tickets. The ref. is R9SEDNSD
Can I get the train ID and departure time for the one you chose?
The train id is TR7918 and it departs at 18:06. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thanks, that is all.
Your welcome. Have a lovely trip and day!


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking.
I found 10 places, do you have a hotel style preference of gueshouse or hotel, or an area you prefer?
I don't have a preference for the type but I would like a place in the east.
There are three cheap guesthouses in the east area, however, they all have parking. Will this be okay, or would you like to look at a different area or price?
It sounds fine. Do any of them include free wifi?
All of them include free wifi.
What's the phone number and star rating of your favorite one?
[Allenbell] is my favorite. It has four stars. The phone number is 01223210353. Shall I book that for you?
That'd be great. Thank you.
You're welcome. How many people are in your party, and when will you arrive? Also, how long would you like to stay?
I will book on my own, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Im finished.
Okay. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the South, I'd like to have [indian] food.
[taj tandoori] is indian food located in the south. Want to book it?
Yes please for two people.
What day and time would you like that table?
Actually, I don't need to book it. Can I get the address, postcode and phone number instead? And to make sure, this is a very expensive restaurant?
64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton 01223412299 cb17aa there you go.
Need a place to go that is a theater near the restaurant.
[The J[unction] Theatre] is also in the south. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, can I get their postcode and their entrance fee please?
i'm not sure about the entrance fee but the postcode is cb17gx
Thank you! Can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at [16:30]?
Your taxi was successfully booked. A black volvo car will pick you up at 1630 from the Junction Theatre and take you to the Taj Tandoori restaurant.


Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some [british] food.
There are several restaurants close to your location, how about one called, restaurant one seven? The restaurant is located on De Vere Univeristy Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?
Yes, Restaurant One Seven is located in the centre of town, as are 4 other restaurants with British food.
Is it expensive? I'd like to really paint the town red!
It is in a moderate price range.
Is there a restaurant in the Centre that serves British food and is in the expensive price range?
Yes, there are 3 - Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and [Midsummer House Restaurant]. My favorite is Midsummer House Restaurant - utterly decadent! May I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Reserve a table for 1 person at [16:30] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LIF9IWL5 . Anything else.
Yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may I know the entrance fee, if there is one please?
There are 44 attractions in your area. Can you let me know what type of attraction you are interested in.
Any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions.
[all saints church] is a great place. Would you like to know more ?
Just whether or not they have an entrance fee.
No it's free to enter, anything else?
Just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.
Great. I was able to book your ride for you. Your driver will be in a yellow Volvo and you can reach them at 07341534913.
Cool, thank you! I won't be needing anything else. Have a good day!
Great, I hope you have a lovely time in town!


Hi! I'm looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.
Great! The centre has many attractions. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would love to maybe tour a college if I can.
We have 13 colleges in the centre area. The [downing college] is one that is free to enter. Would you like more information on this one?
Yes, and do you have the address and phone number?
Downing College is on Regent Street and the phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You have been very helpful. Have a great day.
My pleasure. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I need a guesthouse to stay while I'm in town. I don't care if it has free parking or not. Do you have something I could get?
I have 24 options available. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced guesthouse please.
There are 14 guest house with internet and moderate price what area would you like
book a hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday
First let's pick one of the 14 guesthouses and then I'll book your room!
Sounds good. There are a lot to chose from, is there one that you specifically recommend?
Yes, I would recommend [acorn guest house].
That sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting Wednesday? I'm also looking for a park to visit.
Absolutely! Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7ZCFV2O4 . Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a park to go to while I'm in town.
We have five parks available. Do you have an area that you would prefer?
I'd like someplace in the center, please.
The [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] is located in the centre. It's on Bateman Street. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with something else?
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places
I should be able to help you with that. Are you traveling to the Botanic Gardens or from? And what time do you want the taxi for?
i want to leave the hotel by [01:15]
And where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
It will be picking me up from the hotel. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?
You are booked for a white audi with the contact number 07387814664. May I help with anything else, like a restaurant?
That's it for now. Thank you for you patient help. Goodbye.
Yeah, any time I was happy to help.


I would like to go to a museum.
Cambridge offers 23 museums. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No, just the one you like. I will need the address and phone number.
I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's in the west side on sidgwick avenue. The phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train that should leave on sunday and go to london kings cross.
There are approx. 10 trains for that day and route. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave after or arrive by?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after [13:00]
I have train TR9386 that will depart at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51. Does that sound like it would work for you?
is there anything that leaves closer to 13:00??
Yes, the TR7447 Leaves at 13:00. How many tickets please?
How much does train TR9386 cost as I would prefer that one?
It costs 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, that will be it! Thank you!
Glad I could help you. Have a good day!


Hi. Please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.
I like [acorn guest house]. Need me to book a room?
Yes, but I just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in moderate price range.
Yes it has both of them,would you like to make a booking?
Yes. Please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
booking was successful. your Reference number is : T49NV9KO
Thanks for settling the lodging. I also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by [12:00], please.
There are several possibilities for the train, I just need to know what day you need the ride booked for?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
There are 6 trains that match your query. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please choose the first option and book it for 6 people. And do remember to give me the reference number for the reservation
Okay, your reservation is booked with reference number SD46UL0Q .
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.
I hope your trip is wonderful.


Please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
I see that the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] guesthouse is in the centre of town and includes free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like it, and hope that is has free parking space.
What day would you like me to book the hotel, how many people and What days would you like to stay?
I would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on thursday, please.
Ok, the booking has been completed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the reference number for the hotel booking? I'd also like information about a restaurant called [Bedouin].
Your reference number is 1S9ZTFDA . The bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Fantastic, thank you. What's the postcode for the bedouin? Do they only serve african food?
The Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and serves African food
I see. I'm sorry what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb12bd. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a taxi leaving from [Bedouin] and going to the [Alexander B&B]. I want to leave Bedouin by [2:00].
I have a taxi that will arrive at 02:00. The taxi will be a white audi and you can contact them at 07924317108. Anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.
Alright, I hope you have a good stay, thank you for using our service!
Sure thing, you've been a great help.
Be sure to call again if you need anything. 'Bye now.


i'm looking for [adc theatre]
You will want to go to the centre part of Cambridge, it is on park street, postal code cb58as. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for information on the adc theatre. Can you get some information for me, including the attraction type?
ADC Theatre is a theatre in the center part of town. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need information about the [Gonville Hotel], please.
it is an expensive hotel in the centre with free wifi and parking. do you need their contact?
Well, I'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on Friday for 5 days. Can you help me with that?
Of course! I just booked the room for you for 5 days beginning on Friday. The reference number is 7WB751AK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you very much, I think that that will be all!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great rest of your day!


I am looking for a place serving [Indian] food in the west.
The [Tandoori Palace] is an excellent choice, though it's a bit expensive. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book for 3 people at [13:15] on Monday. Include reference number, please.
You are all set for 13:15 Monday. Your reference number is 36NIKCYF . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks! Bye!
All right, enjoy your meal!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Great! What can I help you with?
I need help finding a place to stay.
I have many places in cambridge. Do you have a price range?
Actually, can we look for a train first? I need to be in Cambridge by [15:15] on Saturday.
Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Ely.
I get put you on the tr4698 and your arrival time will be 13:52, would you like a ticket?
No, could you just give me the price and the departure time please?
The departure time is 13:35, and price is 3.52 pounds.
I also need a hotel room.
What's your budget? could you like something cheap, moderate or expensive?
I don't care about the price. I just need it to be in the North part of town, and have a 4-star rating, please.
There are 8, I recommend home from home guesthouse. They are moderately priced and offer free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
I do not want a guesthouse.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. We do, however, have 2 hotels with a 2 star rating in that area. Will those do?
Is there a 3-star hotel or guesthouse in the north? The hotel doesn't need to include internet.
I'm sorry. There are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Lets go with a guesthouse than
Would you prefer a 4 or 3 star guesthouse? I'm sorry we don't have any hotels meeting your needs. The guesthouses are quality establishments though!
4 star please
I have 5 guesthouses that are 4 stars. Do you care which one I book?
No, whichever you choose will be fine. I'll just need it booked for 4 people, 4 nights, and starting on Saturday.
Arriving at [Acorn Guest House] on Saturday and staying for 4 nights with 4 guests. Your Reference number is : 152CAPO9 .
Great, thank you!
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.
excellent, have a great day!


I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford.
There are 70 trains departing from that location, would you like to narrow it down some?
I am looking to go to cambridge on thursday.
I have 10 available trains. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Thursday and get there by [9:15], is that OK?
Yes. There are two available trains. One leaves at 5:29 and arrives by 6:07 and the other leaves by 7:29 and arrives by 8:07. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the later one, please. I'll need 8 tickets.
Sure, we have one other option TR1242 leaves at 07:29 and arrives at 08:07. For 8 people your reference number is : 6A76VGSK .
Okay great! Thanks for all your help.
It's my pleasure. Goodbye!


Looking for a train that leaves on saturday
Yes, there are 404 trains. Would you like to tell me more to narrow your search?
Leaving Birmignham New Street, to Cambridge.
No problem. Any preference on times?
I would need to leave after [08:30].
TR1958 leaves at 8:40 - would you like tickets on that train?
Not yet.. just needed the ID. Also, looking for a place to dine in the center of town at a moderate price range.
I have many delicious options. How does [Cotto] sound? It's British food.
That works for me. Book it for 3 people at [21:00] on the same day.
Unfortunately, there is no availability for that time. Did you have a different time in mind?
Oh, bummer. How about [20:00]?
That worked! Your reference number is WASWNFH0 .
Thank you. That is all.
You're welcome. Have an awesome day.


I need some information on a place to eat call the [nirala].
The nirala is an indian restaurant in the north side in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I can book it for you but first I will need to know what day and time you need in addition to how many will be in your party.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 1 for [13:30] on Monday?
Your table is reserved. Your reference number is 2X07EN14 .
Thank you my table has been reserved and my number is 2X)7EN14.
Is that all that you will be needing today?
I also need a 4-star place to stay in the west, and it needs to have free parking.
There are 3 options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No, no preference.
Did you have a preference between cheap and expensive?
I do not care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Your reservation for 1 at [the cambridge belfry] this monday for 3 days 2 nights was successful.Your Reference number is: K7N43WRV Is there anything else I can help you with
I now need a taxi for the 2 places
Sure! Where are you going to first and from where please?
I'm going to the [nirala] restaurant from the hotel
Ok, I am getting the info up now, what time would you like to be there by?
I have to make it there before [13:30].
You are booked in a blue audi. The contact number is 07195096632.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need at this time.
alright, enjoy your day.


I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.
Sure. I have a number of trains available. what day and time do you prefer?
This Thursday, and I would like to arrive by [14:00].
TR8080 arrives at 13:06, does that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 4 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3EF4MBB7 .
I need a restaurant in centre and in the expensive prince range
We have a wide variety of restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular type of food that you'd like?
I don't have a preference, I just want to book a table for 4 at [11:15] on Thursday, anywhere is fine.
Ok, how about [bedouin] which serves African food and is in the center of town?
Great. Please go ahead and book it.
Your reference number is A69RQEJA . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much. Good bye!
You are very welcome. let us know if you need anything else.


Can you tell me about [Christ's College]?
It is in the center of town. What else would you like to know?
Do you happen to have the telephone number for Christ's College?
I sure do! It's 01223334900. Can I help you with any other information searches today?
I also need a train leaving from bishops stortford to cambridge.
What time do you wish to leave?
I need to leave on Friday some time after [21:30].
There is a train that leaves at 23:29, TR3547. Would you like me to confirm the reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.
Perfect. Your total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9C24B086 .
Thank you very much, I've got what I need.
Wonderful. Have a great day.


Im looking for some nightclubs in the centre of town.
I have 5 in that area of town can I recommend the soul tree nightclub it only has a 4 pound entrance fee.
Are there any that are free entry?
No, our nightclubs are top notch and that takes a bit of punch, so they all have an entrance fee. The Soul Tree is the most budget sensitive.
Ok I need the address of the the [soul tree].
The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel with a two star rating.
There are none available would you like to try a different star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range?
The moderately priced [Ashley Hotel] in the north area might suit you. It has 2 stars and provides internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I need to make it for 6 people start Saturday for 5 nights.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3ZAWRMEC .
Thank you, that is everything for today.
enjoy your stay!


I'd like to book a taxi from [Ask], departing after 1[9:15].
Could you tell me where your destination will be?
I need to go to [rice house].
Could you tell me when you would like to arrive at Rice House?
It doesn't matter when I arrive at Rice House as long as the taxi leaves after 19:15.
You will be picked up by a black ford and the contact number is 07635928440. Anything else?
Nothing else. Thanks so much for your help. Bye.
Glad to be of help. Goodbye!


I am injured and need to find a nearby hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Does this sound close to your location?
Yes, it does. Can I get the post code and phone number for that location?
The postcode is CB20QQ, and the phone number is 01223245151. I can look up a specific hospital department for you.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a place to stay in the centre that has free wifi.
There are a bunch of options for you to choose from. Do you have a price range?
I would like it to have a star rating of 4 and cost does not matter, I would also like it to have free parking.
I have one guesthouse that has free internet and parking on the cheap side. It's also located in the Centre at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
Please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on saturday.
Your booking was successful at [alexander bed and breakfast] and your reference number is EGYY9BB7 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a restaurant with [Turkish] food near the hotel in the centre area please.
There are 3 turkish restaurants in that area. How about Anatolia?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the moderate price range. Can you narrow it down?
There is Anatolia and Efes Restaurant available, which would you like to book?
I'll take [Efes] for 3 people on saturday at [15:00] please.
It was unsuccessful. Did you want to try the other one? Or a different time frame?
How about for 3 people on Saturday at [14:00]?
The booking was successful for 14:00. Your reference number is 0B58WF1P . Is there anything esle I can do for you?
Yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by [14:00]?
Certainly. I have booked your taxi. Anything else I can help with today?
Please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. It will be at the restaurant by 14:00?
The contact number is 07429438913 and the car type is a yellow Lexus.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you.
You're welcome! Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.
Thank you for your help!
Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call us again.
I will, thank you again!
Have a great rest of your day, and I hope your visit to Cambridge is everything you dreamed it would be.


I need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.
There are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No I don't care about the type of cuisine.
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town.
What is their address?
There address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, it there anything else I can help you with?
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve Mexican food .
Nope, that's what I was looking for. Thanks a lot!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant System.


looking for a train. The train should arrive by [09:45] and should depart from cambridge.
What is your destination?
i need to go to norwich.
how about TR2534 that leaves at 05:36?
That sounds great! Thanks for all of your help!
You are most welcome!


I am looking for somewhere to go in the south.
There are 8 different attractions in that area, would you maybe like to go to the cinema or a park?
Can I get post codes?
Postcodes are cb17dy, cb21sj, cb23hg, cb22ad, cb223ae, and cb17gx.
Can you help me find a train from ely to cambridge?
Is there a particular day and time you're looking for?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and not too early, sometime after [10:15].
There is a train from Ely to Cambridge on Friday at 11:35. Would you like a ticket on that train?
That will work. May I get the price, travel time, and train ID for that please?
TrainID: TR0212. Travel time is 17 minutes and the price is 4.4 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. You've been very helpful today.
My pleasure. Enjoy your travels.


I would like information on booking a hotel for Friday night in Cambridge.
Are you sure you are looking for a hotel?
I'm sorry. First I need to find a hospital.
I have Addensbrookes Hospital near you. They are on Hills Rd. Their main number is 01223245151, but if you need a certain department I can get the number for you.
I need the Post Code as well.
The Postcode for Addenbrookes Hospital is CB20QQ. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what about for hotel for friday night?
What type of hotel are you looking for?
I'm sorry I don't need a hotel. That was all. Thank you!
Pardon me for saying so, but you sound somewhat confused. Would you like me to contact the police to assist you in getting to the hospital?
No I am alright. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes, thanks. Have a good day. Bye!
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


Hello, I'm looking for the [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool], could you help me with more information?
Sure! That pool is located between victoria road and the river in postcode cb43px. That's on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223302579.
That's great. Is there an entrance fee?
Unfortunately we are unaware of whether there is an entrance fee for this particular location. May I help with anything more?
I am also looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Ely.
There are 70 trains that go to Ely from Cambridge. Do you have a particular day and time you would prefer?
Yes I need to travel on Friday, but I can't leave until [after 13:30.]
i have 6 trains that meet your criteria. what actual time did you have in mind for departure?
Whatever the first train is that leaves after 13:30.
We can book you for the train leaving at 13:50.
That will work great. Can you book me 6 tickets please?
Okay, I have booked 6 tickets for Train TR5484 leaving at 13:50. The total fee is 26.4 GBP, and your reference number is 66ULRJSS . Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all I need. Have a good day. Bye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.
I can help with that! How much money are you looking to spend?
It doesn't matter
I have several available. Do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse please. I'd like wifi also.
Okay. I have several in different price ranges. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Can you suggest one?
Yes, I recommend the [Autumn House]. It is cheap and it has 4 stars. Would you like their information?
No, that's all the info I need. Can you book some rooms for me?
Of course I can help! What day do you want to check in?
Please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on Saturday.
Reference number is : E0BD9V4Y . Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.
There are many trains which depart daily from Cambridge-what is the destination to which you will be traveling?
I'm headed to Bishops Stortford. I'd like to leave Cambridge after [9:45].
train ID TR3262 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. will that suit you?
that is fine. book for 7 people please
your all set reference is IPFTBLLM, the cost is 70.7 payable at the station, anything else?
no that will be all thanks for everything, you have been great!
Thank you for contacting us have a great day.


I would like a moderately prices restaurant in the East part of town. I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
We have 3 matching your request in the East part of town. Do you prefer Indian or Italian?
I don't care.
There is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, their phone number is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postal code is C.B 5, 8 W.R.


A [french] restaurant in the centre part of town. Please give me address and phone number.
Cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at Bridge Street City Centre. Do you require any additional information?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I need a hospital please! I've been hurt!
Oh, I am sorry to hear that. You may want to call the Addenbrookes Hospital [acute medical assessment unit] at 01223348314.
Thank you Goodbye.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?


I am looking for information on the [Kings college] attraction
Kings college is located in the centre of town at kings parade. Phone number 01223331100. Is there any other information you need?
What is the postcode?
The post code is cb21st
That is all I needed today, thanks!
Glad to be of help. Have a great day.


I need an expensive restaurant in the west of town.
There are 9 different restaurants that fit your requests, can you narrow it down to a type of cuisine you would be interested in?
Really interested in [bistro] type food if possible.
I could not find any meeting this criteria. Do you have another preference on food or location?
How about one that serves [indian] food?
The [Tandoori Palace] is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 7 on Wednesday at [11:15]. And I'll need the reference number.
Ok your table for 7 is booked on Wednesday at 11:15. The reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VCUPCWDA . Enjoy your meal!
Can you also help me with a train? I'm looking for one to Cambridge arriving by [8:45].
the TR9933 departs norwich at 7:16 and arrives in cambridge at 8:35.
I need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 08:45.
The TR5831 arrives at 7:58, and it leaves at 7:11. This is the closest train to your requested arrival time. It costs 9.80 pounds per ticket. Want to book it?
No, no need to book it for me. That will do, thank you.
Do you need any further assistance?
Could you confirm the departure time, travel time and price of that train please?
Certainly. The TR5831 leaves out of King's Lynn at 7:11. Your ride will take 47 minutes, and costs 9.80 pounds.
Thank you - that's all I need right now. Have a great day!
Your welcome. Have a nice day!


I need a place to stay that is cheap.
I found a 4 star hotel in the east area that is cheap. It's called the allenbell, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually want a 0 star location and with free parking too
Sorry there are no hotels that meet that criteria. Can I try a different area for you?
I don't care what part of town it is in.
The [El Shaddai] is a guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. There will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on Wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the reference number?
Reference number is : YBUKJ2IZ . Would you like restaurant reservations or information on area attractions?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!
Glad I could help. Thank you


Do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve [The Americas] cuisine?
No, sorry. Would you like to try searching for a different location or cuisine?
how about one that serves [modern European] food?
There are 4 places that server Modern European cuisine in Centre. Do you have a particular price range in mind or would you like a suggestion?
Price doesn't matter. I would like to book a table for 7 people at [13:00] on Sunday.
I made you a reservation for 7 on Sunday at 13:00 at [riverside brasserie]. Your reference is DYYUTE3X and the table will be held for 15 minutes
Thank you, that is nice.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for somewhere to visit in the same area as the restaurant.
I have found 44 attractions in the area you will be at. Do you have a specific thing you would like to do?
I would love to look at Cambridge's architecture. Is this possible?
Great, I recommend [All Saints Church] in the centre. They offer free admission. Would you like more info?
Can you tell me their address?
The address is jesus lane
I will a taxi also to make sure I get to the restaurant on time.
I booked a taxi from All Saints Church to Riverside Brasserie arriving before your reservation. It is a red BMW and the contact number is 07880762329.
Thanks so much. That will be all for today. Take care.
Thank you and enjoy your time with us!


Please find me a place in the South that serves [Chinese] food
I have 3 choices of chinese restaurants. 2 are more expensive and there is 1 option that is cheaper. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the one in the cheap price range.
The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south in the cheap price range.
Sounds good. What is the address and phone number?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the phone number is 01223244277. Would you like to book a table? Or is there anything else I can help with?
I need to take a train that arrives by [15:00] on sunday.
I found 198 trains. where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Great, and where are you traveling to?
I need to get to Leicester.
There's one that departs at 12:21. Would you like to take that train?
YEs can you book that for me please?
Yes I can, how many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I actually just need the departure time please.
The train will leave at 12:21. Do you need any other information?
No, thank you very much.
you are welcome
Okay. Well goodbye then.
Thank you for calling and have a nice day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for this hotel called [home from home], please.
it is a 4 star hotel moderately priced in the north. can i give you the address?
Actually, I'd like to book it for 6 people. Can you help with that?
Sure I just need to know how many nights you will be staying and when you plan on arriving.
I'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on Friday.
i have successfully booked Reference number is : NSG0CL48 .
Wow, thanks. We want to eat at a restaurant called the [India House], can you help me with that too?
Sure, on what day and time do you need a reservation? and for how many people?
I need to get a table for 6 people at [16:00] on friday as well
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3UPPNP4H .
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Let me know if there is anything else you need.


I am looking for a train to Petersborough.
I'm sorry there are no trains to petersborough. Is there another location I can check for you?
No, I need a train from Cambridge to petersborough on Thursday.
There are 38 trains. What time do you want to leave or to arrive by, please?
I just need to leave by [08:30].
There is a 8:34 train to Peterborough on Thursday. I would arrive at 9:24.
Yes that would be fine please book for 6 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0ZN13UIU
Thank you that is all I needed today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day & enjoy your trip!


Can you please help me find a museum?
Sure! There are plenty of great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking for?
The centre area. looking for Modern Art and the museums phone number please.
I recommend Byard Art. Their phone number is 01223464646.
Great! That is all I need. Thank you.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.


Could you recommend a [Chinese] restaurant for me to try?
Sure I have them in all price ranges all over the city. Do you have an area you prefer?
The centre of the city, with a moderate price range, please.
Okay, I was able to find 3 restaurants for your preference. I have jinling noodle bar, Ian hong house, and [shanghai family restaurant]... is there any preference on one of these?
No, I don't have a preference, I would like a reservation on Sunday at [11:15] for three people.
Unfortunately I was not able to book that restaurant.
How about for [10:15]?
I was able to get you a table for 3 on Sunday at 10:15 at the Shanghai Family Restaurant. Your reference number is SFWTQUB7 . Is there anything else?
No, thank you. That is all for today.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 4 stars
There are 11 matches. Do you have a preference for hotel types?
No, but it should be in the east.
I have 3 guesthouses matching your request. Do you care about parking?
Pick one and book me for 5 people lasting three nights starting Friday please.
You have a room booked at the [Warkworth House] (ref# TP8X26LA). Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the room booking. Can you locate a restaurant for me, too? The name is [pizza express Fen Ditton].
I found the restaurant you want. Do you want me to make reservation?
Yes, for 5 people on Friday around [13:45], please
I will go ahead and book that for you now.
Okay....well I'm over here waiting....don't forget the reference number too
I am having a hard time booking this, could I make sure the place you would like is the Pizza Express at Fen Ditton?
Yes it is, but if 13:45 time isn't working then 12:45 would also be acceptable.
I am not able to book anything right now.
Maybe you could try again?
The booking worked this time! The reference number is S31A87TV . Anything else today?
Great, thanks for your help! Have a good one.
No problem. If you need anything else just call us back.


I need to get to a restaurant known as [the Lucky star]
It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at [18:00] on saturday.
I'm sorry, but there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to choose another day or time?
Sure, do they have any openings at 17:00?
Thank you goodbye


Can you help me find a college located in the centre. I seemed to have misplaced the information on it.
There are sveral colleges in the centre. Do you remember the name?
I do not. Could I have the addresses for all of them and the entrance fees?
I would recommend [Downing College] on Regent Street. It has free admission. There are a number of others, but that is the one I would suggest.
That sounds fantastic. Could I get the address?
Address, post code first is cb21dq regent street. May I help you with any thing else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves Stansted Airport on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by [21:00].
There are 15 trains that match those requirements. Is there any time you want to leave?
I'll take whatever the last train is that will get me there before 21:00. If you can just give me the train ID please. Thanks.
Sure, that would be train TR5097 and it arrives at 20:52.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That will be all. Goodbye.
It's been a pleasure. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm trying to find a place to stay called the [cambridge belfry]. What can you tell me about that?
Its price range is cheap, it's four stars, and offers internet and parking.
Sounds perfect. Can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday? Please send me the reference number.
Great! I've got you booked for 5 days for 6 people on Friday. Your reference number is 8RL6ZC5G .
Thank you for the reference number. Are there any cheap places to dine in the North area?
Do you have a preference for type of food? I have an Indian option and an Italian option.
Any of the two would work. As long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for [13:30].
I'm sorry, neither of them are available. Should I try different time or other restaurants?
Ok, try [12:30].
That worked! You've got a table for 6 reserved at [Royal Spice] at [12:30] on Friday. Ref. number is 8NHD0P2I . Need anything else today?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
Your taxi booking is complete, your contact number is 07546255073. Car type is a black lexus. Do you need help with anything else?
That's all i need. Thank you.
Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?
No, that is all I need for today. Good bye.
Have a great day. Bye.


I need the address to the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Can I also get the postcode and phone number?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Their main number is 01223245151, but I can provide the number for a certain department, if you need it.
I really need the post code.
My apologies. I overlooked your request for the postcode. Their postcode for the hospital is CB20QQ. Can I provide anything else for you today?
Nope, that's all. Thank you!
No problem. Thanks for your help.


Is the [alpha-milton guest house] still in operation?
Yes they are. Still on the north side, woudl to liek me to book you or give you their contact info?
Great. Can you reserve a room for me for Thursday? There will be 2 of us and we would like to stay for 2 nights.
I reserved a room for you with reference number AOYFLXPT . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for [thai] food in centre please.
I can reserve at the restaurant named [Bangkok City]
Okay please book a table for the same group of people at [14:15] on the same day.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is S7RZRH3P .
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two.
sure, just to clarify: do you need a taxi to take you from the hotel to the restaurant? or vice versa?
i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant
Okay, when do you want to leave the hotel? When do you want to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to go from the Alpha-Milton to Bangkok City by [14:15].
I reserved a grey Ford for you. The contact number is 07711417288. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Glad you chose us, enjoy your day.


Hi, I'm looking for a [Persian] restaurnt in the north part of the city.
Unfortunately there are no Persian restaurants in the city. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about [asian oriental] food?
[Saigon city] serves Asian oriental food, is in the north part of town and in the expensive price range.
Could you tell me the address and phone number please?
Of course. Their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.


i want to book a taxi
I would be happy to help. What are your departure and destination sites, and what time?
I would like to leave the [Leverton House] after [08:00] to go to the [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant].
Booked! Your car is a black volvo. Contact number: 07380094079
Thanks for all your help that would be all.
Glad we could be of assistance. Thank you


Hello there, when I visit Cambridge, I'd love to go to a college. Are there any in the centre?
Yes, there are 5 in that area. I could recommend christ's college or corpus christi.
[Corpus Christi] is fine. May I have the address and phone number? What is the entrance fee?
Sure, the entrance fee is free. The phone number is 01223334900, and their address is Saint Andrew's street with the postcode of cb23bu. Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a 2 star hotel?
There is Ashley Hotel, Express by holiday inn cambridge, and lovell lodge. Which would you like to book?
I'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more moderately priced? I'm on a budget.
Ashley Hotel is in the moderate price range. Their address is 74 Chesterton Road and the number is 01223350059. Anything else I can assist you with, today?
Yes, sorry, I'm getting more information from my group just now. If the [Ashley] has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting Friday?
Yes, there is WI-fi, however, that hotel is not available for these days. Can I book a different day or a shorter stay?
Yeah, try shortening the stay to one night only.
I was able to book you for friday. Your reference number is J4WC147 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed! Thank you
My pleasure. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [gastropub].
Okay, there are four gastropubs in cambridge. Are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range?
Yes, something in the centre of town please?
I have 3 gastropubs in the center of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, price range does not matter.
In that case, I recommend Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
I'm sorry, I do need something expensive. Is [Backstreet Bistro] an expensive place?
Yes, they are an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like reservation for 8 people t [11:15] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
May I have the reference number?
Of course, the reference number is JP761RJS .
Thank you so much.
Have a great day!


i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre part of town.
Do you have a certain type of cuisine in mind?
Anything would be fine.
Well, if you're interested in something unusual, we have the [Bedouin], which serves African cuisine. Or there's the more traditional Cote, which serves French cuisine.
Thank you what is the address and what is the pesticide for Bedouln. What fun attractions are near by?
The address for bedouin is 100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a college, fairly close to the restaurant, if at all possible.
There are many colleges in the area I recommend corpus christi it costs 2 pounds but is beautiful. A free college is emmanuel college. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. I want to leave the restaurant at [12:00].
first, let's determine which of the two colleges you would like to be your destination after the restaurant.
I'd like to go to [Emmanuel College] from the restaurant.
Your all set, look for a red lexus, the contact number is 07138753925, can I assist with anything else?
Thanks! No that's it!
Thanks for calling - and enjoy your trip! Goodbye!


I want to get a train out of Cambridge that departs after [20:45] please.
What is your destination and day of travel?
I wish to go to New York City leaving this Friday.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you with travel outside of Cambridge and the surrounding areas.
Ok. How about a train to the Stansted airport?
I found three, one leaving at 21:40, 22:40, and 23:40 which would you like to go?
I would like to book the 21:40 train on Wednesday for one person please. I also need a reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : VJ3ZAO4F . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking to eat some [north african] food. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I cannot find any restaurant that serves north african food in the area.
How about [Thai] food?
There are 2 restaurants that serve thai food; one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a location preference?
The one in the west works please. Can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about [13:15].
How many people will be dining?
I'll be dining alone.
Unfortunately no table is available at that time do you have another time?
Could you please check for a table at [12:15] and can I have the reference number?
Alright, I have you booked at Sala Thong at 12:15. Reference number is: QIH3G407 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be everything. Thank you very much!
You're welcome - safe travels!


I'm looking for a train departing from ely.
On what day do you wish to travel and to what destination?
I'd like to travel to Cambridge on Wednesday, but I don't want to leave before [noon].
I have a train to Cambridge leaving Ely at 13:35. Will this work for you?
That should work. I need booking for 2 people and I will need the reference number, please.
I have booked two spots for you. The reference number is IU3F4FKV
Wonderful. Thank you.
You're welcome. Is there anything else you may need?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Alright. Have a great day. Bye now!


Hello, have you heard of the [Royal Spice] Restaurant by chance?
I have! It serves indian food in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 4 people at [13:15] on wednesday?
I have successfully booked you a table for 4 at 13:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is PRXYMNLC .
Thanks so much. Could you also help me find a train, for that same day?
Sure. There are many trains that day, do you have a specific destination and departure time in mind?
The same day as the restaurant booking I am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by [09:30].
Okay, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave from Stevenage
I've got the TR8723 leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge by 08:43. Would that work?
yes that sounds great. Can I get a reference number for that please
How many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like you to book me four tickets.
I was able to book you 4 tickets on that train. Your reference number is Y381CZMK . Is there anything more I can help with?
I think you took care of everything. Thanks. Take care now. Bye bye.
You're quite welcome, have a lovely trip!


Can you tell me the address to the police station in Cambridge?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG
Thanks. Would you be able to help me find a place to stay in the east side of town?
What price range do you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 4 star hotel though, please.
Would [a and b guest house] work for you?
Does that place have free wifi?
Yes it has wifi. Would you like to know anything more?
That is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 5 nights staring on friday.
You've been booked at A and B Guesthouse. Your reference number is I23Q30PH . Can I be of further assistance today?
Also looking for a train leaving Norwich after [14:00] and arriving in Cambridge on Friday.
The TR4828 leaves Norwich at 14:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:35 on Friday. The price is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you please give me the travel time.
The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
no I don't need you to do that, thank you
Okay, will that be all today or is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Is there anything else? If so, please give the address and the phone number.
The golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. How else may I assist you?
Nothing else. thank you . good bye
You're welcome. Good bye.


Can you tell me about any [Modern European] places in the expensive range?
There is one place, darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
i'd rather have some place in the south
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the south that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
suggest any and find me their address, postcode and phone number
There's a great Mexican place called the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road. Post code is cb17dy. Phone number is 01223400170.
I also need a train for Sunday that leaves after [17:00].
Certainly, where would you like to depart from? And what is your destination?
I would like to leave after 17:00
how about TR9039? it leaves at 19:00
That's perfect, thanks. I have everything I need for today.
So happy to have been of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!


I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town.
I have about 13 different options. Most offer free entrance but there are a few that charge. Do you prefer one over the other?
If you could give me the postcode, phone number and entrance fee of the first one on the list that'll work. Thanks!
Christ's College on St. Andrew's Street is free, the postcode is CB23BU and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
That's all the information that I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.


I need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.
I have 2. The alexander bed and breakfast and the el shaddai. Both are in the cheap price range.
I need it to b moderately priced and include free wifi.
I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to look for something moderately priced in a different part of town?
Can we try in the north instead?
We have 8 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Might I suggest the [arbury lodge guesthouse]?
Alright, can you book me a room please. I want to stay on Sunday for 2 nights.
Okay, great! How many people will be staying?
It looks like we'll have a total of 5 people in our party.
I have book a room for 5 people beginning on Sunday and continuing for two nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF . Can I help you find anything else?
I am looking for a place to dine.
What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like to find [Asian Oriental].
What is your price range?
It doesn't matter as long as it is near the hotel.
[Saigon City] is located in the north. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Sunday, 5 people for [15:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1H1XOCSA .
Thank you! I would also like a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.
Booking was completed! A grey Ford will pick you up at 15:15 in front of the guesthouse, contact number 07097490762. Can I assist with anything else?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where would you like the 2nd taxi to take you?
Actually just one taxi was enough, thank you. That's all I need.
you are welcome and thank you too
have a lovely day.
And you have a lovely day as well!


Quick, find a hospital for me!
The local hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital their telephone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode
Post code is CB20QQ.
Is there valet parking at the hospital?
I'm sorry, that information is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you.
You are quite welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi, I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I have 18 results. What price range would you like?
Money is no object, but I'd like it to be a 4 star location please. And I'd only like to stay on the north side of town.
I have about 8 different options. Most are moderately priced. There is one that is cheap. Do you have a preference as to which?
I need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this Thursday.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or shorter length of stay?
Yeah, how about for one day? Please get me the reference number if that works
Which hotel would you like of the available choices?
Whatever is available. But I would prefer a guesthouse with free parking.
Arbury Lodge guesthouse is able to accommodate your party of 7 for Thursday night. Your reference number is 7PLMHREX . Is there anything else you need?
No, that about covers everything. Thanks for your help.
Excellent. Take care!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food and is expensively priced.
I have 3 that match. One is in the east area and two are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, can you give me the postcode, phone number, and area for the closest one?
The backstreet bistro phone number is 01223306306 and the post code is cb12qa.
And what part of town is that in?
The Backstreet Bistro is in the town Centre. Do you want me to book you a table?
No I will just go there. Can you help me find some museums in the centre of town?
There are several museums in the center of town. Is there anything in particular you are interested in seeing?
Is there one you would recommend and the address please?
I would recommend the Backstreet Bistro. Their address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre
Great, that's all I needed to know.
Great, enjoy your trip!
Thank you, goodbye again.
Thanks for using our system


I am looking for information in Cambridge
I need some more specifics to help you. What type of information do you need?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. I would like it to be expensive and include free wifi.
I was unable to find any matching places for that.
What about one in the moderate price range?
Yes I have 8 guesthouses available in the moderate price range. Will you require free parking and wifi?
Yes I do need the free wifi.
Might I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]? It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that would be good. Can you just let me know the star rating of the hotel, whether they have free parking, and address? Thanks
Sure! the acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel with free parking and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I also need to find a train for Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and leaving after [15:15].
TR8365 leaves norwich at 16:16 and will arrive in cambridge at 17:35. Would you like me to book you tickets for that train?
No need to book the tickets I just needed the info. Thats all I needed thanks
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I need a taxi today
Sure! what is your departure site?
I need to leave from [broughton house gallery]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I really need to get there by [16:30] please.
Ok, and what is your destination?
My destination is [downing college].
Your booking is complete. The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07614934136.
That's all I need, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great night!


Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
[Meghna] is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number?
01223 727410
Thank you good bye.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Thank you . Good bye
thank you


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse
What area of town?
It should be in the west and have a star rating of 4.
how about [finches bed and breakfast]?
I'd like to book for 7 people 2 nights on saturday please
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FNAJHEWG .
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, there's nothing more.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!


Hello! I'm just planning my trip to Cambridge and need train schedules.
I'd love to assist you with that. Where are you departing from, and when do you want to leave?
depart from birmingham new street ,I want to leave on Friday and arrive by [14:30]
TR7040 arrives at 14:23. Would you like me book for you?
Book it for myself.
I'm sorry if I misread, but did you want me to book that TR7040 train ticket for you? If so, how many tickets would you like?
I'm sorry. Yes. Please book the train on Friday arriving by 14:30 for one person.
The booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : QQFBZTYO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a guesthouse.
Super! I have a range of guesthouses in the north. May I recommend [Worth House], rated 4 stars but cheaply priced? The guesthouse offers internet and parking.
Sure! Does it include free parking? If so I am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 3 nights.
Your room at Worth House is booked, ref# 6HUOIUXC . They do offer free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you. Bye.
Thank you, please do remember you can contact us again at any time you need more help! Have a great day!


I am looking for directions to [Jinling Noodle Bar], can you help me?
Yes certainly, Jinling noodle bar is located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre and the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like their phone number also?
No, but I need to book a table for 6 people at [12:30] on sunday.
Okay, booking was successful. I got 6 people at Jinling Noodle for Sunday 12:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 6LAC61CT
Thank you, I also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from Birmingham new street.
I would be more than happy to book that for you for 6. Your reference number is 0U3B4A3O
Thank you. I also want to book a train for the same day, departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge by [9:30].
Sure, I have two trains that arrive by 09:30, TR8730 arrives at 08:23, and TR9637 arrives at 09:23. Which would you like and for how many riders?
The [9:23] arrival is perfect timing! I need it for the same 6 people. Can I please get the reference number for that booking also?
The reference number is 0U3B4A3O . What else can I do for you?
I think that's all I need. Thank you!
Okay, have a great day and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I am visiting Cambridge and would like to stay at [Allenbell] can you help give me some information on it?
That is a guesthouse in the East that is the cheap price range. They have free internet and parking.
i wish to book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from friday
It's been successfully booked! Your reference number is CWRUXD1R .
Thank you! I appreciate you providing the reference number.
No problem at all! Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I was wondering do they serve complimentary breakfast?
I don't have that information, but their phone number is 01223210353 if you would like to call them.
I am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the east.
There are 10 attractions in the east. If you like boats, I would recommend camboats. There are also parks, museums and entertainment if you would prefer one of those instead.
The only requirement I have is that it be located in the east area of town. Surprise me.
Okay, I recommend [cambridge artworks]. It is a museum type attraction, and entrance is free
please get phone number and attraction type.thanks
The attraction is a museum and the number is 01223902168.
Perfect, thanks. Can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? I'd like to leave the hotel by [11:00], please.
Your booking is completed, a yellow audi will be picking you up at your hotel.
Great. Can you please give me the contact number for the audi?
The contact number for the Audi is 07820112704.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I would like some information about interesting places to go in the center of town.
Does architecture interest you?
I would really like it to be entertainment.
I'm sorry, we do not have any entertainment attractions in the city center. Would you like me to check in another part of the city?
I really wanted to stay in the centre. How about a museum?
There are 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you prefer?
Please pick one and send me their address and postcode
Whipple museum of the history of science is located at free school lane, postcode cb23rh. Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to eat?
Yes do you want it near the attraction ?


Hi there, I'd love to find a guesthouse with free parking.
I have 21 guesthouses is there an area you are looking for or a price range you would like to be in?
Well I would like something with 3 stars. I don't care about the internet.
bridge guest house has good reviews if you'd like that
That sounds interesting. Do they happen to have free wifi?
They do! Would you like to reserve a room?
I really would like it to have a 3 star rating. If Bridge Guest House does, then yes, please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on Monday.
The [Bridge Guest House] is rated 3 stars, and has free wifi and parking. Before I can make a reservation, I need to know how many nights you will be staying.
Please make a reservation for 3 nights.
No problem. Your reference number is VQLMM8NQ . Anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?
Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by [21:30].
Is there a time you would like to leave?


Please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves [South Indian] food. Thanks.
I'm sorry but there are no South Indian restaurants in the center. Can I interest you in something else?
Is there one that serves [seafood]?
The [loch fyne] serves seafood. Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
No. May I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223362433. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a cheap hotel.
All right. Do you have an area you prefer or a type of hotel?
Something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the moderate price range.
I see two choices for moderately priced 2 star hotels. They are both hotels located in the north with free parking and internet. I recommend [ashley hotel].
That is great. Can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on Thursday?
You got it, your reference number is QBH121BL . Anything else?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places.
What time would you like to arrive or depart from the hotel?
I want to leave the restaurant by [12:45]. Please give me car type and contact number.
Sure thing! A white skoda will be picking you up to get you to the restaurant by 12:45 contact is 07643618907
Thank you for your help you've been great!
It is my pleasure! Have a good day!


Hi, I'm looking for information on the [Autumn House]. It's a hotel.
When would you be staying there?
On Sunday. I want to make sure it's the place I'm thinking of first. Can you provide me with information about the hotel?
It is a guesthouse in the east and is cheap and has a 4 star rating.
That's the one! Could you make a reservation for me? There are two of us coming in on sunday and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is QGZKE117 .
Can you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south?
[Taj Tandoori] is a great Indian place in the south. Would you like to know more?
Sure, could you tell me the phone number, postcode, and address please?
The number to call them is 01223412299. Their postcode is cb17aa. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Anything else for you today?
That is all, thank you for your help
Enjoy your stay! Good bye!


I'm in search of a place to stay. A hotel, please, with free parking.
Yes there are many, can I get the area and price range you are looking for in the hotel?
It would be great if it included wifi and was in the north.
I show 2 hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like more details on them?
Yes please,parking and WiFi and Car Rental.
Both hotels have parking and wifi, would you like to book one?
Yes. I need the reference number too
Please tell me the day you will be checking in, how many people and how many nights?
Friday, 5 nights, beginning this friday.
I also need to know the number of people staying please.
There will be 3 people.
The Ashley Hotel's book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try [Lovell Lodge]?
Yes, as long as it's in the same price range.
The Lovell Lodge is in the same price range, and I was able to book that for you. Ref#T03205PR . Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything, thank you.
Sure. Enjoy your stay, goodbye!


I would like information about museums in Cambridge.
There are 23 museums in cambridge. What part of town will you be in?
Can you tell me about museums in the centre of town?
I have the castle galleries museum in the centre of town. Phone number is 01223307402.
I also want to find the hotel called [Archway House].
It's located in the north, on 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Friday for 4 people.
All set, the reference number is 6S9GCFDO, can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a great day! Goodbye!


I would to visit a college in the west.
sure, i have 5 options for you
choose for me one that is good and get me the entrance fee and address.
I recommend Clare Hall. It's free to get in. The address is Herschel Road. Would you like any more information on it?
i also need a place to dine
What sort of cuisine are you in the mood for?
[Indian] food, in the same area as Clare Hall.
what price range do you want?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
We have quite a few indian restaurants in the centre may I book one for you?
Yes. Tuesday, [13:00], for 5 people.
Okay, you're all set. I have [Curry Garden] booked for Tuesday, for 5 people, at 13:00. Your reference number is: HW1ZTXBE . Is there anything else I can do?
That is all I need. Cheers.
have a good dinner!


Someone just robbed me, I need to contact the police.
The Parkside Police Station telephone number is 01223358966. The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you so much! Bye.
You are quite welcome!


I need to find the nearest police station.
The Parkside Police station is located at postcode CB11JG, Parkside Cambridge. Anything else I can help you with?
May I have the phone number for the police station please?
Their phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.
Goodbye. Hope you have a great day!


Can you locate a train departing from Cambridge on Friday? Thanks!
Yes, of course. There are multiple trains departing from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I'd like to go to peterborough and should leave [afer 20:00.]
I have a train leaving at [20:34] would that be okay?
That would be great. Can you book 5 seats for me please? What is the reference number. Thank you.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MUF6GL55 .
I am also looking for a cinema in the centre.
[Vue Cinema] is in the center of town, at The Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you give me the entrance fee and phone number?
The entrance fee is not listed but the phone number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed thanks for your help today.
You are welcome. Enjoy Cambridge. Bye.


I'd like to find a train leaving on Friday to Cambridge.
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have a location you're leaving?
I will leave from Birmingham new street, and arrive by [13:15] if possible.
TR0497 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please, book 4 tickets for me.
Booked, reference number is T610U5HK . You pay 300.39 GBP at the station. Your train leaves at 9:40.
Thank you very much. It looks like i am all set. Have a nice day.
It has been my pleasure. Please feel free to contact us again if you require any further assistance!


Hi, I'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. What would you recommend?
I found few restaurant that serve Asian and British food which food you prefer?
Lets go with [Asian]. Can you book a table for 7 at [12:00] on Wednesday?
Okay, I have booked you a table at [Yippee Noodle Bar]. Your reference number is OWLN59MN .
Thank you but I also need a train that is going to leicester and should depart from cambridge
Sure thing - what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need the train to arrive by [12:00].
TR1755 arrives in leicester at 11:06. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes please give me the reference number
How many seats will you need?
Actually, I won't need you to book tickets. But can I please get the price and travel time for TR1755?
The travel time is 105 minutes and costs 37.80 pounds.
ok that would work go ahead and book that
How many tickets would you need?
Just for myself, please.
Okay. I have a booking and reference number for you. It is YE2KMQB2 .
Oops, I actually didn't want tickets just yet, but I guess I'm stuck with them! Thanks for your help anyway, totally my fault.
Thank you for using our service have a great day.


Hi, i want to find out about [the man on the moon] attraction please.
the man on the moon is a concerthall found in the center of town. Do you need their address and contact details?
Yes can I get the postcode, and it's a concerthall you said?
Yes it is a concert hall and the postcode is cb12lf.
Excellent, I also need a cheap guesthouse, please.
Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
I need free parking and wifi.
[Alexander] B & B has both free wifi and parking. It also has 4 stars! Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday
I'm afraid I couldn't get you that booking. Would you like me to try another place or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights instead?
I'm afraid that booking was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay or another hotel or guesthouse?
Please try for one night.
I was successful in booking 1 night at alexander bed and breakfast on tuesday for 6 people. your reference number is R6FET1MJ . Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.
I'm pleased I could assist you.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need to have free parking.
There are quite a number of hotels that fit your description. Any preferences in location or food served?
It should be on the east side, and have free wifi, no food preferences though.
I have 3 results for moderately priced guesthouses on the east side. All have 4 star ratings and free wifi, do you need parking?
I do not need free parking. Can you book one of them for Thursday? I have 8 people and we need to stay for 2 nights.
Great I was able to book [A and B guest house], the reference is VMWIVZV7 .
Thank you for your help in booking the hotel for me!
You are welcome. Goodbye!
I also also need a place to eat in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel
Sure I have two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant [pizza hut fen ditton] matching your price and area preference. Do any sound good to you?
I would like to book a table at the [Italian] restaurant for 8 people on Thursday at [14:45]. Can I have the reference number for that as well?
Okay you're all set. Your reference number is U37O50HC . Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
I was able to book a blue honda, phone number is 07521143616
Great thank you for all your help
Not a problem, have a great day!


I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.
We have 11. The [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology] is a popular choice. It's over on downing street, and offers free admission.
That sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?
University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Postcode cb23dz. Anything else.
Yes, can you help me find some places to eat?
Absolutely, would you like the restaurant to be in the centre as well?
Yes, please. It should be in the cheap price range.
the incorrect domain was selected, please fix.
[Asian] food please.
wrong domain won't let you book a table
Also, I need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. The price should be cheap or moderate, and I need the postcode.
[Cityroomz] hotel is in the centre and is moderately priced with internet. The postcode is cb12tz. Shall I book that for you?
Not right now, thanks. I do need a taxi, though. I want to leave the hotel at [03:30] (I'm an early riser!) and head to the museum.
No worries, we have 24/7 taxi service, your are set. Look for a white Toyota, they are reachable at 07763641643, any further questions?
Thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything else do not hesitate to call us back. Have a fun day!


Can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the north?
I have two restaurants that would meet your requirements. I have an indian restaurant or an italian restaurant. Which do you prefer?
Lets go with the [italian] restaurant!
Perfect! It is called [Da vinci pizzeria] and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Sounds great. Book me there for [12:45] on sunday for 5 people.
I suppose since they don't do Sunday reservation, switch to Saturday.
What other options are there for Italian food? Maybe I could go for a moderate price or.
All I have in that price range is chinese,and indian.
Can you find me a cheap Italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 12:45 on sunday?
I have made your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 12:45 at da vinci pizzeria and your reference number is KC6B0PKU .
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and is leaving on monday.
Alright, there are quite a few. When would you like to leave?
I need to get to Ely by [17:30].
Train TR9310 will get you there by 17:24 and is your best option. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for TR9310?
16.50 pounds, should i book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll just take care of it at the station. You've been a big help.
I'm glad to have been of service to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for all of your help though.
Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for contacting us.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I would like to get some info on the [pembroke college] please.
Certainly, its a beautiful campus in the centre part of town, they are on trumpington street and the admission is free.
Thanks. That answers my questions.
great, is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I also need a hotel.
What area are you wanting to stay in?
I would like that to be located in the north.
What is your preferred price range?
No particular price range, but I would like it to be 4 stars.
I have about 8 options. Might I suggest the [Avalon]. It is a guesthouse in the north. Moderately priced with 4 stars and offers free wifi.
That sounds great. Could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? I want to get there tuesday.
Your booking for 6 at Avalon this Tuesday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : W4A55772 . Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for booking that for me!
Glad to be of service.


Need a hostel, free parking and in the north please.
I have found 11 results for places in the north that have free parking, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel with a 4 star rating.
There is nothing that fits that criteria, can I look up something else?
It can be a guesthouse or a hotel. Does that open up my options?
I have 7 different options. I have all different price ranges. Do you have a preference?
Any one of them would be fine. Can I get the post code and phone number?
The acorn guesthouse is at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da. Their phone is 01223353888. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation.
How many people do you need the booking for?
Just one person please.
What day would you like your reservation to begin, and how long would you like to stay?
Actually, I need to know, does the [Acorn guesthouse] have internet?
Yes it does! Free parking too.
Great! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive [french] food.
[Restaurant Two Two] is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I don't need a reservation. I could use the address, postcode and phone number though.
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223351880, the address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great. Thanks for all your help!
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge.


I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves [chinese] food. What is the phone number?
there are three chinese restaurants. Would you like the phone number for all three?
What is the phone number?
golden wok is 01223350688, hakka is 01223568988 and the hotpot is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food.
no, that's all I need. thank you and goodbye
Have a nice day!


Hey, when I was a kid my parents took me to a place called the [cow pizza kitchen and bar]. Is it still around?
It certainly is. It's located at Corn Exchange Street.
I need to book a table for 5 at [16:45] on wednesday.
Your table has been booked. Your reference number is JGNHU2IV . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you for the assistance!
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to London Kings Cross.
What day would you like your train to leave? Also what time, and where will you be departing from?
i want to leave on monday and arrive by [8]
We have trains leaving before 8 every day this week, which day is preferred?
I would like to leave on Monday.
Ok, the TR228 will get you to london at 07:51. It leaves cambridge at 07:00. Can I book it for you?
Can you tell me the price?
The train is TR2289. The fare is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
That was all I needed to know. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday. Can you book it for me?
Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [11:45].
I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?
The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.
There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?


I am looking for a [German] restaurant in the west.
There are no German restaurants available in the west. Would you like to try a different area or different food type?
How about one that serves [british] food instead?
There are three british restaurants in the west. What price range are you considering?
I'm looking for meals under 30$ a person. I need to book for 3 at [16:15] on Wednesday.
The restaurant [Saint Johns Chop House] is the only restaurant to your specifications with a moderate pricing. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please and I will need a reference number.
Your booking is successful and your reference number is CZT3LA0M . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is great.
Thanks!
Have a good day!
Enjoy your time!


I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.
There are many! Is there a certain style of cuisine you are looking for, or a specific price range?
I think I can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?
I have found 23 differnt museums in town. What part of town are you wanting to travel to?
I have no preference. Can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?
The [Fitzwilliam Museum], in the centre, has free admission. Trumpington St, cb21rb.
Yes, that sounds lovely. Thank you.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, on second thought I would like help finding a restaurant. What do you know about [north american] cuisine restaurants?
There is one expensive North American restaurant in the centre of town. It is called the [Gourmet Burger Kitchen].
Excellent. What's the address and area there?
[gourmet burger kitchen], in the centre is located at Regent Street City Centre
I need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by [14:30].
Ok great. Your taxi booking has been completed. The care type will be a white tesla. Would you like the contact number?
Yes, please. That would be great.
The number is 07555434856, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be good, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!


I'm looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
I have several options do you have a preference for what side of town you stay in?
No, but it should have a star of 4.
You should enjoy the [acorn guest house]. It has a 4 star rating and parking. It's located in the north. Their number is 01223525725.
Would you book it for me, please. There are 3 of us staying for 5 nights.
What day will you be checking in?
We will be checking in on Tuesday.
Sorry no rooms available. How about another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?
I've booked [Archway House] for you. It's located at 52 gilbert road. Your reference number is F11WA5CB .
Thank you for your help. That will be all for now.
Glad I could help and enjoy your stay.


Hello, I am interested in seeing the attractions on the west side of town. Can you assist me?
Clare hall is a college in the west part of town.
Great. Can you let me know the address and entrance fee?
The address is herschel road and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, Im looking for a nice high end expensive place to dine at in the same area.
Is there a certain cuisine you are interested in eating?
Yes, I was hoping for [Austrian] food.
There is not an expensive Austrian restaurant in the area. Is there another cuisine you'd like to try?
How about cheap price range ?
I'm afraid there aren't any Austrian restaurants in town at all, regardless of price. Is there anything else that could be acceptable?
What about an expensive Indian restaurant, then?
No indian makes me get the runs. How about pizza?
That's more information than I needed to know. I'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. I was looking for expensive [indian] food, please.
Well, don't say I didn't warn you. We have 14 expensive Indian places in Cambridge, what side of town are you looking for?
On the west side please
there are 5 places in the west. if you want a suggestion, my friends always go to tandoori palace.
do they serve [austrian] food?
No, there are no places that serve Austrian food, anywhere.
How about an expensive [indian] restaurant in the west?
There are a few available but I suggest the Rice Boat. Would you like for me to book a table?
No, can you just give me the address, please?
The rice boat is located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thank you. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre to plan your visit. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant named [Hakka]. Can you tell me how to get there?
Hakka is located on the north side of town on Milton Road Chesterton in post code CB41JY. Do you also want their phone number?
i would like to book a table for 7 at [11:15] on monday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number QMH1W33E . Can I be of further help to you?
No, you have helped me greatly. That is all I need today. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!


I am looking for a place to stay in the south.
There are 4 places in the south. 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Which would you prefer?
I am looking to stay at a place with four stars, please.
The aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star hotel located at 5 mowbray road.
thank you for the help
Great! Have a nice day!


Can you locate any four star places to stay?
I have 21 hotels with the 4 star rating. What area would you like to stay in?
Are there any with free wifi available?
Yes. What area of town could you like to stay in?
I would like for it to be in the Centre.
Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the Centre area, it is a 4 star guest house in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, I kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the moderate price range if possible. Do you have anything like that?
i am sorry we dont have any like that.
Can you try a guesthouse?
I'm sorry, there are no 4 star places in the centre in the moderate price range. Is there something you'd like to change?
how about one that is in the type of guesthouse?
I am sorry another area perhaps?
Yeah, sorry. Any area is actually fine. I just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. Preferably a hotel, but guesthouse is ok if no hotels available.
[alexander bed and breakfast] is 4 star but it is in the cheap price range. Is that going to work for you?
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : HVGCSQR9 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes please - I love interesting architecture. Is there anything interesting in the west?
There are no architectural attractions in the west. Would you prefer something else, or another area?
Can you chekc for colleges
There are five colleges in the west. I would suggest [Churchill College]. The entrance fee is free. Would like like the information for it?
Get me their phone number please
Yes, their phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you.Good bye.
Good bye?


Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the centre.
[kymmoy] is in the expensive price range in the centre of town.
Can you make a reservation for 5 people at [18:00] on wednesday for me please?
Yes, I've booked your table, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4ATJMY42 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find some places to visit near the restaurant?
Yes, there are many places to visit near the restaurant. What kind of attraction did you have in mind?
I'm not sure. What is available?
There is architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimmingpool, theatre
Its my first time in town, so I dont know which places are good. I am open to suggestions, so I will go with your recommendation
[old schools] is a popular architecture attraction located on trinity lane. It is free to enter.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.
The are on trinity lane and the post code is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you've helped me with everything! Thanks, bye!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.
There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after [11:15].
Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after [11:15].
Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please
The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.
Arrival time is [12:07] does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?


I'm looking for somewhere to go in the West of town
There are a few places, do you have any preferences in attraction types?
Great! I'd like to visit a pool. Can you give me the address please?
No pools in the west. Perhaps another area or type?
Oh, that's too bad. I guess just any place that you could recommend? Something popular. I'll need an address so I can look it up later.
I have abbey pol and astroturf pitch located in the east side. Would that work?
No, I really would prefer to stay on the West side of town
Since there are no pools on that side of town how about the funky fun house at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate?
Thanks. I also need a train for saturday.
how many tickets, where are you going to and from and what time would you like to arrive? I need this in order to help you
I am traveling from cambridge to stevenage on Saturday and want to arrive by [12:15]. I just need the price, train ID, and how long it will take.
In order for me to get you a price, I have to know how many people are in your party.
Again, I just need to know the price of a ticket, the train ID, and the duration of the train ride between Cambridge and Stevenage.
I have train TR3259 leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 6:10 travel time 49 minutes. The cost is 10.24 pounds per person.
Thank you, that is everything I needed!
Have a good trip!


I'm looking for some [caribbean] food.
I'm sorry, I wish there were some Caribbean places here, but there isn't.
Well, how about a [gastropub]?
Yes, there are some options. Was there a particular price range or area of town you were looking for?
No any area is fine with me I just need the area and postcode of a good restaurant.
Kitchen and Bar is a great gastropub located in the centre of town. The passcode is cb12qa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train leaving on friday from cambridge can you help me get a ticket?
I'd be happy to help you with that, just let me know your destination.
Sorry I messed up before. I actually did want an expensive restaurant. Is [Kitchen and Bar] expensive?
yes would you like me to book it for you ?,
No, I just need the area and the post code please.
It is in the centre, and the postcode is cb23qf
Thanks I also need a trin from cambridge to london liverpool street on firday
what time do you need to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [11:00]. Can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 7 people? Then give me the reference number
the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RTTDSKXC Your train leaves at 07:59
Thanks for your time. That is all for now.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?
When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.
Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by [17:45]. Do you have something on that day?
TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.
I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Are you looking for a place to stay, to eat, or a attraction to visit?
I would like to go to a museum the area doesn't matter.
We have many museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer one with a free entrance fee?
Which is your favorite, and what area is it in?
I like [byard art]. It's located in the south.
Sounds good. I am also looking for a train for tuesday.
I'd be happy to help you with that. Can you tell me where you're leaving from and your preferred travel times?
I'll be going to cambridge from stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by [09:30].
The first train leaves at 5:24.
Ok, that will work out. Can I have the train ID # please? Thanks so much
The train ID is TR9892.
I think that should be it for today. Thank you so much for all of your help, you've been very kind!
Your welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?
Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by [21:30].
Is there a time you would like to leave?
I just need to get there by 21:30.
Okay I have a train would you like a ticket to hogwarts?
To Peterborough, please, for 4 people. I need to arrive by 21:30.
I have booked it and the reference is GKJEBZN9 .
Thanks, I also need a place to stay in Cambridge. I don't care about free parking, though.
there are so many places. which side do you prefer?
I would like to stay in the south please.
[Rosa's] Bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the South part of town in the cheap price range including free Internet and parking.
Thank you. What is the postcode?
The post code is cb22ha. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all!
It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.


Can you tell me where the Addenbrookes Hospital is?
Yes, it's on Hills Rd. Anything else?
Can I also get the postcode and phone number?
Yes, the telephone number is 01223245151, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
What is the exact address?
The address is Hills Road, Cambridge.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. Goodbye
hope you found what you are looking for.


I am looking for a place to go maybe a museum.
There are 11 museums. What part of town would you like?
the centre would be nice.
It seems all of our museums are in the city centre, though my recommendation would be the Primavera. Would you like any more information?
Sure, I'd like to know the phone number, address, and postcode.
They are located at 01223357708, the address is at 10 king s parade, and their postcode is cb21sj
Thanks for the info. Can I also get information about trains leaving on Monday?
Trains leave Cambridge all the time! Where would you like the train to take you on Monday? And at what time?
I would like to travel to peterborough. What is the travel time from cambridge to peterborough?
The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book a train?
No thank you. That's all I need to know.
Alright, have a great day.


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking.
I have 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
No but can you find one in the moderate price range?
The [Acorn Guest House] has a 4 star rating and has both free internet and parking. Can I book a stay for you?
No.What other Hotels are nearby ?
The guesthouses in the north are arbury lodge guesthouse, archway house, hamilton lodge, home from home, Kirkwood house and limehouse.
Go ahead and book the [Archway House] please and I need a reference number.
What size party and how long will your stay be?
There will be two of us staying 4 nights from Wednesday.
Unfortunately, we were unable to book that guesthouse. Should we try one of the other guesthouses?
Yes, lets try one of the others.
I was able to book the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is BJ3CL2QU .
Okay thank you. That is all I need.
Okay great. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a particular B&B. Do you handle those?
No, I am sorry. B&Bs are not offered.
Oh dear well what about local [guest houses] instead? I need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from Monday.
Great! Your reservation at Acorn Guest House is completed. Your reference number is FO3NH9Q6
I'm looking for a hotel called [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast.
Rosa's is located at 53 roseford road. Would you like to book this?
yes, please! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4DNPBLIS .
Perfect, that's all I need thanks.
Thank you for using this system!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
[Nandos] is a [Portuguese] restaurant in the south of town and is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number?
The address is 3-34 Saint Andrews Street, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you goodbye
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your food.


I am looking for information about the Parkside Police Station.
Sure, Parkside Police Station Telephone 01223358966, Address Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's everything I needed, thanks.
Ok. Thanks, and have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the South area. Would you like Italian or Modern European?
Is there anything else? Can I get the phone number please?
The pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223 323737. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Yes, goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay that provides wifi without any extra charges. Can you find something like that for me?
There are 32 places to stay with free internet. Is there a preferred part of town?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of at leas 3 stars and I'd also like free parking.
[hobsons house] is a good choice in the west. Would you like to book?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure. How many people are in your party?
4 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
I've booked a room for 2 nights beginning on Sunday. The room is for 4 and your confirmation number is K55JXP0G . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.
Where will you be heading and departing from and what day and time?
I'm going from cambridge to stevenage on the same day as the hotel booking. I need to arrive by [12:30].
I will find a train for you.
Great! What is the departure time?
The TR8464 meets your criteria. The departure time is 11:21. Would you like to book tickets?
Sure! Can you tell me the cost, too?
Your tickets have been booked. Reference #: HHBZ1L0T and the total fee is 40.96 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you so much.
thanks and welcome anytime
I may have gotten mixed up. I am departing from Stevenage to go to Cambridge. I'm sorry.
ok, the TR7802 arrives by 10:43
What is the cost and departure time of the TR7802 train?
It departs at 09:54 and the cost is 10.24 pounds.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


is there a nice night club in the west that you can recommend?
No I am sorry there isn't something else perhaps?
How about a college?
There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college is located on storey's way and doesn't charge an entrance fee.
Great. That's all I need to know. Thank you.
Thank you goodbye


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.
There are 21 restaurants available in the center of town in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I want a [russian] food restaurant.
We have no russian restaurants with those criteria. Another type of food perhaps?
What about one that serves [italian] food?
I have two that fit this criteria. Pizza Express at Regent Street City Centre and pizza express Fen Ditton at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would you like any other information?
Yes, may I please have the postcode, address, and phone number of the [Pizza] Express at Regent Street?
The postcode is cb21db, phone number is 01223324033, and address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel in the same area.
Certainly, I have 5 hotels in the Centre area one is moderately priced, are there any other criteria such as price, or type?
I would like one that includes free wifi please
There are 4 that have free wifi, the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is a guesthouse that is cheaply priced in that area, would you be interested in that?
Yes that would be great do they have free parking?
Yes, they have free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
That's not necessary, could you just give me their phone number please? I also need some help finding a taxi to commute from the hotel to restaurant.
The phone number for the guesthouse is 01223525725. What time do you want the taxi to pick you up to take you to the restaurant?
[8:15] please is when I want the taxi to pick me up.
Okay I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a gray ford and the contact number is 07939411352 in case you need to make any modifications.
Okay great. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


Hello, I'm looking for local tourist attractions located in the west. May I please have that information?
Yes, in the west, I have colleges and museums. Some are free and some cost several pounds. Would you like information for a college?
Yes tell me about the colleges.
There are five colleges in the west but the most prestigous one is churchill college, would you like more information?
Could you pick the best on and give me the address?
Clare hall is the best the address is herschel road.
Thank you. Could yo also find a [Polish] restaurant in the expensive range in the same area?
There are no expensive Polish restaurants in the west, are there any other sorts of restaurants you would like?
How about something that serves [british] food?
[graffiti] is very popular and suits all your needs. Can I book it for you?
Yes please for 4 people on saturday at [17:00].
Your table is booked, ref #U8T6LQEJ . Can I help you with anything else today?
No. You're the best. Have a great day. Goodbye
You have a great day as well! Goodbye!


I'd like a train from Cambridge, please.
I can help you with that. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely.
there is quite a number. which day do you want to travel?
I would like to go on thursday leaving after [19:45].
The TR1709 leaves at 5:50,would you like me to book it ?
No, I need to find a train that leaves after 19:45 on Thursday. Can you help me with that?
I have TR7979 that leaves Thursday at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 6 please.
Your reservation is complete, with reference number 42PK9GM4
I would also like to look for a multo sports center in town too.
There is just one. It is the cherry hinton village centre in the east.
Oh, well I really wanted to visit the centre. Maybe you could find me a park instead? One in the centre of town?
[cambridge university botanic gardens] is the only park in the centre of town. Would you like any further info on the park or Cambridge?
Do you have their phone number?
Yes, their phone is 01223336265. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No, thank you for all your help. I believe you helped with everything I needed today, goodbye.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.


A moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.
The [golden wok] is a nice restaurant in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?
Yes please.
The golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
Phone number?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need to find a hospital please.
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The general telephone number is 01223245151. Do you need a particular department?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for a [chinese] restaurant in the south.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the south. Two are expensive and one is cheap. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please?
You are booked at [the good luck chinese food takeaway]. Your reference number is ARDCXT6O
Thanks so much. That will be all for today.
Have a great time!


I am looking for attractions in the centre.
There are many things to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Any place would be great.
I can recommend the [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens], it's both peaceful and interesting. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds wonderful, what is the address on that?
The Botanic Gardens are located on bateman street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I please have the exact address location?
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located on bateman street. Does this help?
Yes, thanks! I also need a table at [La Raza], please. Tuesday, 3 people, at [19:00].
I was unable to book that time. Would you like to try another time?
Really? Can you try one more time? I really wanted La Raza on Tuesday for 3 people at 19:00.
Unfortunately they are booked at this time. Can I possibly try a little bit earlier or later for you?
Yes, please.
Did you want to try earlier?
It really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on Tuesday at La Raza. Can you try again please?
La Raza is completely booked at that time, I apologize for the inconvenience. Would you like to try an earlier reservation?
No, I just need the reservation for that time and place.
Is there another time you'd like to try, it is not avaialble.
How about [18:00]?
I'm sorry that time is not good either, are you positive you need it for 3 on Tuesday?
Yes, 3 people at [19:00] on Tuesday. If that doesn't work, I'll just call and book it myself.
Sorry, that was also unsuccessful.
Okay, well, I'll take my chances on availability when I get there. I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 19:00.
And where are you leaving from?
The Botanic Garden at Cambridge University
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07033355721. Anything else for today?
Okay. Thank you very much.
I am happy to have been of assistance. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. I need to leave after [11:30].
I have many trains available. What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.
TR0864 will be fine with you. how many tickets do i book?
Can I get the travel time, and arrival time of that?
Travel time is 47 minutes and arrive by [16:58].
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the east side.
We have six, though all are guesthouses.
That's fine, can you find one in the moderate price range with free parking.
[a and b guest house] is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
I'm still thinking about it. Can you please provide me with the address and phone number?
124 tenison road, cb12dp. the phone is 01223315702.
thanks for all of your help today
You're welcome. I hope you can decide soon.
Thank you for your time.
Good day to you too, bye!


Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?
Definitely! Do you have a particular price range or area in mind?
I need something cheap, but I am hoping for at least 4 stars. Is that possible?
We have a guest house that fits your description in the east, the west, and the center. Do you have a preference for location?
How about the guesthouse in the west? Do you know if they offer internet?
Yes and free parking as well.
Thank you, I also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after [14:15].
Okay! Where are you going?
I will be going to Ely.
What day are you leaving?
I'm sorry, the train I'm looking for should depart Friday and go to London Kings Cross, not Ely.
The TR2420 leaves at 15:00 and that's the earliest one I can get for you.
I need 5 tickets for that one.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 71ZIVN5S . Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Is there a taxi I may book? Or would you like more info on anything?
no I think that is it thanks so much for all of your help today you have been great
You are very welcome. Have a nice day.


I need a taxi going to [the varsity restaurant].
Where will you depart from?
I'm leaving from [gonville hotel].
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I want to leave at [12:00].
I have a blue honda with contact number 07255247278.
Ok thank you that is all I needed today. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I need to find a Train leaving on Friday from London Liverpool Street and arriving in Cambridge.
I have 10 trains as options. Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
Yes I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by [15:15].
The TR5015 will get you there by 15:07. Would you like me to book you some seats?
No thank you, may I please get the travel time of TR5015?
The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what time does that train leave?
It would depart at [13:39] and arrive in Cambridge at [15:07].
Please book it for me.I also need a place to stay,a guesthouse with free parking ?
I have booked the train for you. The reference number is JN7FFTTY .
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find someplace?
Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't need any specific area, just need a guesthouse that is cheap and includes free parking.
I have 33 entries that match your request. Do you have a star rating preference?
No I don't. Pick any of the 33 and give me the address and area, please.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is a cheap 4-star guesthouse in the center, how does that sound?
Can you tell me what area it's in? And can you give me an address?
Alexander bed and breakfast in found in the center of the town. Their address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all the information I need for Cambridge. You have been a great help!
We hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.


I need a train into cambridge leaving after [20:30], please.
I have 259 trains travelling to Cambridge, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day/time?
I'm leaving London Liverpool Street on Sunday after 20:30.
There are 2 trains one leaves at 21:39 and one at 23:39
There are none closer to a 20:30 departure?
The only other train for that route leaves at 21:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 23:07. That is train TR4890. Would that suit you better?
That works. What is the price on that? And how long is the ride?
Price is 13.28 pounds and the ride is 88 minutes. Shall I get you some tickets?
No, I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks for your help. I am all set.
You're very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
You have a great day and thank you for using our services.


I'm planning a trip with an Arthurian theme. I've heard there's a hotel called [Avalon] there in Cambridge. Is that right?
Yes there is a guesthouse called avalon. Would you like any more information on that?
Actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?
You're all booked.
Is there a reference number for the hotel? I also need a train to london liverpool street. Can you help with that too?
Your Reference number is : EHNOQL7E . I can help with the train as well. Can you give me a little more information on your trip?
I need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but I can't leave cambridge until after [13:45]
TR4466 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people.
Booking has been completed! Your reference# is D6V5M769 . The total is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need for today. Thanks!
You are welcome. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Bye.


I was hoping to visit the [cambridge university botanic gardens].
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located at Bateman Street in Centre with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, I will need the phone number, postcode and address please.
The postcode is cb21jf. The phone number is 01223336265 and they are located on bateman street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I'll need a train to Birmingham New Street. Can you help with that?
I sure can! What day are you looking to travel?
Monday, and I would like to get there by [21:15].
Where will you be departing from?
cambridge, I need 5 tickets and the reference number
Okay, the reference number is KVTFY7CR . Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks very much for your help.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge that arrives by [12:15].
I'd be happy to find you a train; where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from cambridge and it should go to leicester.
I booked the train for you, it is train number TR7195 , reference number RT2NOVFD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you very much.
Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Actually, are there any parks in the east?
Yes, there is [Cherry Hinton Water Play park] on the east side. Entrance is free there! Would you like any other information about the park?
Yes, can I please get the address and the entrance fee? Thanks.
Sure, it's at cherry Hinton hall on cherry Hinton road. There is no fee.
Okay. That's all I need now. Good bye.
You're welcome please let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a place to go that includes boats. Can you please help me plan my trip?
There are four boat attractions in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd like to visit while there?
No, I don't have a preference. Which one do you suggest?
Camboats in the East area, would you like more information about Camboats?
That is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the cheaper side?
there are 3 hotels available that meet your criteria, do you have any other preferences?
I would like one with free parking.
Allenbell is a guesthouse on the East side of town that is cheap. It has both free wifi and parking. Would you like more information or to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Are there any that would meet the criteria I've listed?
I'm sorry, I'm not finding anything that matches that criteria. Can I search for something else?
I really need a hotel in the east.
Express by Holiday Inn is in the East and has parking, but it's expensive. Is that OK?
No I really need the price range to be cheap. Are there any that come up close to that price range?
Unfortunately, no. In that part of town, there are no cheap hotels.
I'm sorry, I misspoke earlier. The [Allenbell] will be fine. Could you see if they have any rooms starting on Tuesday for 3 nights? There will be 8 people.
The booking was successful with a reference number of SXQ58UY1 . Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would also like a taxi that will leave from [Camboats] by [07:45]. Could you also provide me with its contact number and car type?
I was able to secure a blue Toyota for you. The contact number is 07214859468.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for information on theatres in the center part of town.
There are four theatres to pick from. I recommend the [cambridge arts theatre], would you like more information?
My husband is into the arts so that might actually work out perfect. Can I get their phone number please?
Absolutely. Their number is 01223503333. They don't have an entrance fee listed, so be sure to ask them about it. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train to Cambridge.
Where will you be traveling from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on saturday. I need to arrive by [16:00].
Okay how about the TR4078 it arrives by 15:07.
Perfect. I will need tickets for 6 people. Please provide the reference number.
No problem! Your reference # is BBJ1JTXU . The total fee is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need a hotel room. Are there any left?
I can check for you. What type of hotel are you looking for?
A place in the west with free parking and free wifi please.
I have 4 hotels pulling up. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Not really. I would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from Wednesday.
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
yes please, I need the reference number
Your booking was successful. [Huntington Marriott Hotel], 3 days for 5 people. Your reference number is: DF32QQ7O . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can yo find an [Indian] restaurant in the moderate price range?
I have 4. from which area do you prefer.
I would like it in the same area as my hotel.
how about [meghna]? it is lovely
Sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at [13:45]?
Your table is booked. Reference number is 2H4EMZYM . They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, Goodbye!
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by [21:00] and should leave on sunday
okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Where are you heading to from Cambridge?
I'm trying to get to Broxbourne.
Train TR8736 leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01.
Perfect. please book it for 3 people.
I have it booked the reference number is IYHXK218 and the price is 42.96 GBP.
Great, thanks for your help.
Absolutely, have a great day!


I need to find the nearest police station.
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Great, thanks. Do you also have their telephone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223358966.
Do you have an address for them?
What I have for them is Parkside, Cambridge.
Great, thanks very much for the help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is. Good bye.
Thanks for using our services.


I'll be needing a taxi from [nandos city centre]
Where will you be heading to?
I need to go to the [castle galleries].
What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave after [04:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue toyota Contact number : 07920865012
Ok thanks, that's all i need.
thank you for all youre help that will be all


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to [riverside brasserie] and should arrive by [19:30].
From where will you be departing?
I'll be leaving from [Cambridge Arts Theatre].
Booked a blue honda. Your contact number is 07886967603.
Thank you so much goodbye.
Have a wonderful day!


I am hoping you can help me find a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.
There are over 200 trains available, do you have a specific destination in mind or a time you'd like to leave by?
I would like to leave on saturday around [13:15] going to london liverpool street.
There are 6 trains that meet your requirements, the closest in time being the TR4466. It leaves at 13:59. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book spots on that for 5 people and give me the reference number please?
Sure thing! You are booked with reference number 8V36RBY3 . The total is 66.39 payable at the station.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [european] food.
I have many. What price range would you prefer?
I don't have one, could you recommend me a good place?
I would recommend [Galleria], they have excellent food. Would you like me to book a table?
Maybe. What is the price range?
The galleria is a moderate priced restaurant. Would you like me to make a booking for you today?
No, I'm sure they'll have tables if I just walk in. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Their address is 33 Bridge Street and their postcode is cb21uw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I need to go. Have a good day. Bye.
It was a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!


I want a train leaving on thursday.
Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
should depart from stansted airport and arrive by [08:00] at cambridge
I have the TR6437 leaving at 07:24 and arriving at 07:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
make a booking for 7 people and could I get the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station Reference number is : DMXYQFPZ . Is there anything else you need today?
No that will be all thank you!
I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge, have a great day!


Can you recommend a nightclub in town, please?
There are 6 nightclubs. Are you looking for one in the centre or south side of town?
Let's see what's available in the centre
The [soul tree nightclub] is in the centre and cost 5 pounds
Can you give me the address and postcode, please?
The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf
Also I need a hotel called [a and b guest house].
Sure. Do you need information on the guesthouse or would you like me to book a room?
whats the postcode and address to a and b guest house please
The address for The A and B Guest House is 124 Tenison Road. The postcode is cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed!
Great! If you need anything else don't hesitate to call. Have a great time!!


i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.
Okay, and what is your price range?
I need some place cheap. Thanks
I have many options for you. What part of town do you want to stay in?
I don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday
I have you booked for the [Autumn house], the reference number is ACW41WKC, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also want info on concert halls in the south.
I am sorry but there is only one concerthall which is in the centre. Do you want the contact information or do you want a different type of attraction?
Let's try a cinema in the south instead then
What about [Cineworld Cinema]? Would you like more information?
Yes, please tell me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee.
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 00872208000.
I need a taxi. I want to leave the cinema at [13:30] and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info
You will be picked up by a blue Honda and the contact number is 07712234271. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Okay, I can help you with that. Where are you heading in from?
I am actually looking for places to go. Specifically, I would like to find a park.
There are some lovely parks in Cambridge, and most are free. Do you have a preference for what area of town the park is in?
In the south, I will also need the postcode of the park.
I'd recommend wandlebury country park, their postcode is cb223ae. Will that be all?
I'm going to need a train too, is that something you can help me do?
Yes. I need more information about your trip first though.
what do you want to know?
Where will you be going?
to cambridge on sunday from london kings cross, I need 7 tickets and the reference number
Do you have a departure time or arrival time that you'd like to narrow the results down with?
I just need it to arrive before [20:45]
TR1688 leaves at 13:17 and arrives 14:08. Is that acceptable?
Is there any other trains?
TR1681 is probably the best one for you. It arrives at 20:08.
Great, thanks! Will you please book 7 tickets, and send me the reference number?
You're all set. Your total is 132.16 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GNNG4MNQ . Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope, that's everything for today thank you. Have a great day!
Thanks, have a nice time in Cambridge. Bye.


I would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
The Ashley hotel, Lovell Lodge and Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge match your criteria. Would you like more info on them?
I need a guesthouse.
Unfortunately there are no guest houses in that area.
Then a hotel please. What are my options?
There are three hotels that match your criteria. The Express by Holiday Inn is in the East. The Lovell Lodge and the Ashley Hotel are both in the North. All three offer free parking, would you like their contact information?
Okay can I make a booking at [Ashley Hotel] for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Your booking is complete! Your reference number is 35ED1A8C . Do you need anything else?
no that's it thanks for your help
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I want to dine in a place in the west.
There are many restaurant options available to you. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like a restaurant that serves [eritrean] food and in the expensive price range.
Would you like European food?
No. I said eritrean food. Do yo have something?
I don't have anything that meets those requirements.
How about [British] food?
Yes I have three. When would you like the table reserved for and for how many?
Is one of those expensive? If so, book me a table there for Thursday for 8 people at [13:30] please.
There's actually two expensive places, graffiti and travellers rest. Which would you prefer?
[Travellers Rest] sounds good.
ok the address is huntingdon road in city centre, the phone # is 01223276182, and the postcode is cb30df. will there be anything else ?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.
what is your destination?
Before I continue with the train details, was Travellers Rest booked? I didn't get a reference number.
My sincerest apologies for that. Yes, your booking is completed and the reference number is 64UQ7M3G
That is all I needed thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


Hello, I am looking for places to go in the north.
Certainly! We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat in the North. What are you most interested in?
The boat sounds like it will be fun. Do you have the phone number handy?
Yes, it's the Riverboat Georgina and the number is 01223902091.
Great can I also get a train on sunday that'll go to cambridge
Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to depart from Ely after [11:00] please
TR6517 leaves at [11:35] and arrives by 11:52.
Perfect. I need 3 tickets. please provide the reference number
Your reference number is: JIR61XGY . The total fee is 10.56 GBP and you will need to pay at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today thank you.
You're welcome, have a good day.


I need a taxi to take me to my hotel today from [saint catharine's college]
I can help you book that, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast.
Ok great, and what time would you like to leave/arrive?
I should leave after [13:00].
Alright, I've got a red ford with the contact number 07542375620. Anything else I can do for you?
Nothing else, thank you. I'll keep an eye out for the red ford. Goodbye.
Have a lovely day and contact us again if you need further assistance. Bye!


Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. Can you help me find a place that serves [Russian] food?
I am sorry there are no local russian restaurants. Would you consider trying something different?
Sure, can you look up [chinese] food instead?
I have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area or price range you have in mind?
Can we try something expensive.
There are 9 expensive Chinese places. What area are you looking in?
It doesn't matter. Just choose one for me. I'll need to know the area that it's located in.
[peking restaurant] is in the [south].
Great! I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.
great, i have 23 options for you!
Wow. That seems like a lot. I don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.
the [a and b guest house] seems perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M8DI9LRQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at [4:00]. Can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?
Your booking was susccessful. Your car is a blue lexus and its contact number is 07202318710.
I do think that is all I need. Thanks. Good day.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant that servers [modern european] food.
There are 5 restaurants that serve modern European food, all located in the centre area. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
The restaurant should be in the moderate price range.
The Riverside Brasserie and De Luca Cucina and Bar are both in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can you give me the contact information for The [Riverside Brasserie]?
Certainly. They are located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, phone number 01223259988.
Great, thank you. Are there any colleges in town?
There are 18, actually! Is there a certain area you'd like to check?
Check the centre, can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?
[Christ's College] is free. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23u.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I'd be happy to help you. Which place will you be departing from? I will also need to know the time you'd like to leave.
I will be departing from Christ's College and need to leave by [06:15] please.
Thank you! Your car is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07248267753.


I need a taxi from [nusha] to [thanh binh] at [6:15], please.
A blue volkswagen will pick you up, and the contact number is 07337359188. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed, thanks.
you are welcome. have a great day
Thank you, you too.
Don't hesitate to call if you need anything else. Goodbye.


I'm visiting cambridge, I want to spoil myself, I am looking for a four star place to stay which is expensive.
Sure, I can help you with that. There are two places. One is in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It doesn't really matter what area. But, I really prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Do you have any?
I have two options, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel or the University Arms Hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
We were wanting to have free wifi. Do either of them provide that?
Both of these two offer free wifi, The Marriott is in the Hinchinbrook Business Park, while the University Arms is on Regent Street downtown.
I would like to book the [University Arms] for five nights. Could you do that for me?
I can! When would you like the booking to start? And how many in your party?
2 people and 5 nights starting on teusday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : F063DE8D
I am looking for a place to dine
Okay, do you have a food, price range, or area preference?
It should be in the north and it should be expensive.
We have asian oriental, 2 chinese, a european and french to choose from, any preferences?
A [French] restaurant is fine. Can you make a recommendation?
Yes, I recommend [Restaurant Two Two] at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. The reservation will need to be for Tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at [15:15].
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 928SYN1A . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by [15:15].
Thank you. Goodbye.


Can you recommend a guesthouse at a moderate price?
Sure! And will you be staying in a particular area?
No area does not matter but I need free wifi.
What is the price range you would like?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.
The [Acorn guesthouse] appears to meet your needs. It's in the moderate price range, has 4 stars and wifi. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a Wednesday.
Acorn Guest House will be expecting your party of 8 for three nights starting Wednesday. Your reference number is H9QG5YLK . Do you need anything else?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place that serves [Korean] food.
[Little Seoul] serves Korean food in the centre area. Would you like to know more about it?
If it is in the same price range as the hotel, may I please have the postcode and phone number?
It is actually in the expensive price range. Would you like me to look for another place instead?
Yes. I really would prefer somewhere moderately priced.
There are no moderately priced Korean restaurants. Do you have another food type you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve [Modern European] food.
I have found 2 restaurants that serve Modern European food in the Centre area. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I want to make sure that this place it to my liking first. Can you just give me their postcode and phone number so I can call them up?
[riverside brasserie's] name is 01223259988 and their postcode is cb21rt
that is it for today thanks alot
Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Alright, how can I help you today?
I'd like a train from London Liverpool Street on Sunday
What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I need to leave after [09:45].
TR3197 leaves atb19:39 and costs 13:39 pounds. is that fine with you?
What time does it arrive by?
Train TR3197 arrives by 21:07 at cambridge
Thanks, can I also find a college to go to.
There are many colleges. Do you have a specific area in mind? or would you like me to make a recommenation?
If you could recommend one that would be great! Could you give me the postcode, address and the area of the one you choose?
[churchill] college is a great choice in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu. It is located on saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now. Thanks!
You're very welcome! Let us know if you need anything else.
Thanks very much, take care!
you too. enjoy your day.


I will be visiting Cambridge and I need to arrive by [9:15] on Saturday.
Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from peterborough.
There is a train leaving at 8:19 and will arrive at 9:09. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can I get the price and train ID please?
Yes. The train ID is TR6763 and the price per seat is 13.20 pounds.
I'm also looking for swimming pools in the area. Can you help me?
There are four swimmingpools in the area. What area of town would you prefer?
is there a swimming pool in the east?
There is! [Abbey pool and astroturf pitch] is located in the east. Would you like their phone?
Yes please. And can I also get the entrance fee?
I am sorry, there is no listing for an entrance fee available.
Can I please get the address for the swimming pool.
Sure thing. They are located on Pool Way, Whitehill Road off Newmarket Road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you give me the phone number for the pool?
The number is 01223902088, is that all you need?
What's the entrance fee?
There is no information for that. I'm sure if you call, they would be happy to provide it for you.
Okay, I will do that, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Would you like for me to book train TR6763 for you?
No thank you. Goodbye!
Have a great day!


I am looking for an attraction of architecture.
[All Saints Church] has wonderful architectural interest. It is in the city centre. How does that sound?
Pretty good. Can you give me an address and postcode please?
Absolutely. They are located on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
Please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the expensive price range.
We have five expensive restaurants in the north. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
No, I would just need a reservation for 3 at [13:00] on Wednesday.
i got you a reservation for [city stop restaurant.The] table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9WNT50DL .
Thank you, that will be all.
You are welcome. enjoy your stay and call us if you need anything else.


Can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi?
Sure, there are 9 hotels with free wifi. Is there an area of town or price range you prefer?
I would like something cheap in the north part of town.
I'm sorry. There is not one in the cheap range. I do have 2 in the moderate range. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, but can I get one that also has free parking?
They both have free parking. Would you like to book at Ashley hotel or Lovell lodge?
It doesn't matter. The [Ashley] is fine.
I need to know when you'd like to begin your stay, how many are in your party, and how many nights you'd like reserved.
There will be 6 of us arriving on Sunday, and we need to stay for 4 nights.
You have a reservation. The confirmation code is GDEFC2RE .
Thank you, that is it bye.
I'm glad I could help!


Yeah, could you find me a train? I'm in Cambridge, and I'd like to go over to Birmingham New Street.
There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to go?
Yes, I'd like to leave after [21:00] on Wednesday.
I have a train that departs at 21:01 and two more each a hour later than the first. Which train would you like to book?
I will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and I would like a reference number after the booking is completed.
I have successfully booked you for the TR7935 train leaving at 21:01. Your reference number is E9ZIOMAN .
Great, thank you! I'd like to find a place to stay, too. I'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. Any ideas?
I have 12 guesthouse and 2 hotels in that range. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?
I have 3 in the north, 1 in the south, and 1 in the east.
I'll take whichever one doesn't include Internet.
It looks like all 9 choices do include Internet. Would you be willing to use one of those?
Would you like to book one of those today?
I could certainly help you book one if you don't mind that it has internet. Would you like to try the [Acorn Guest House]?
Okay, let's try that one.
What day would you like to book the hotel for?
Does it have four stars?
Yes, it has 4 stars and includes free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can I have the postcode and phone number please?
Sure, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help with anything else today?
No that sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town.
There are 5 restaurants that meet your criteria. Can I interest you in Asia, Chinese, European, or French cuisine?
No, I really prefer [Indian] if possible.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Indian restaurants on the north side.
Aww, that's too bad. Hmm, can you see if there is an expensive [Asian Oriental] restaurant on the north side?
There is [Saigon City]. Would you like me to book a table for 2?
That sounds good. I want to book a table for 5 people on Saturday at [17:45].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HNO7WYMG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thank you so much, goodbye!
Have a great time. Good bye.


Can you help me find a train please?
Sure! Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge this week.
Where are you leaving from, please?
I will leave from Leicester.
What day would you like to leave?
Friday is preferable.
There are trains running from Leicester to Cambridge every hour from 5:09 to 23:09 on Friday. Did you have a particular time in mind? Would you like to book tickets?
I'd like whichever arrives by [16:15] please.
TR6247 leaves Leicester at [14:09] Friday and arrives in Cambridge at [15:54]. Will that work for you?
That will be fine. book for 3 people
Alright. Booking was successful. Your reference number is 87MI5OVY .
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I need to find the Parkside Police Station
Here is the information for Parkside Police Station Telephone:01223358966 Address :Parkside, Cambridge Postcode :CB11JG
Sorry, what is the street address?
I do not have that information. Please call their telephone number to and ask them for the address.
Thank you for your assistance.
welcome. at your service next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you, Goodbye


I'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.
Yes I have many Chinese and Asian restaurants as well as Spanish, Portuguese and Indian cuisines matching your price requirements. Any preference?
I am interested in [Chinese] food.
I found three Chinese restaurants in the centre: Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please! Can I have a table for 1 at [Charlie Chan] on Sunday at [14:15]?
Sure thing your reference number is D3A1XJL7 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been very helpful. Have a good day.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I wish to go to a swimmingpool in Cambridge.
I have four different swimming pools I can recommend. First, can you specify if you prefer the centre, east, or north area?
Can you tell me the address and phone number for the one in the center of town?
The address is gonville place and their phone number is 01223446100
Thanks. I also need to check on trains. I need to travel on Wednesday.
There are many trains fitting your criteria. Can you give me departure site, destination, and time preferences?
I need to leave london liverpool street and be in cambridge by [21:00].
There are 8 trains that would work on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind? You could leave london as early as 07:39 or as late as 17:39.
I don't care about the departure time so please give me the ID and price of any one of those trains.
Okay, the trainID is TR7020 and the price is 16.60 pounds.
I would like to book that train. Thank You
The train booking is confirmed, number KJ1FLZL5 is your confirmation number. The fee is 16.6 GBP. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre! Have a great day!


I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star hotel located in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
The hotel should have a star of 0 and should include free parking.
How about [el shaddai]. It's a gueshouse and located in the centre. They have free internet and parking.
Yes, four people for four nights, starting Sunday, please.
That booking was unsuccessful unfortunately, want to give another day a try?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?
Ive located a guesthouse that meets your criteria expect that it is on the north side, [city centre north b and b] would you like me to try and book that?
Yes please do try that.
I have made a reservation for you at city centre North b and b for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is T1X3A0DO .
Thank you. Can you give me the address and the phone number?
Sure. It is located at 328a Histon Road, post code cb43ht. The phone number is 01223312843. Can I be of further help?
No. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!
Wonderful! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I need a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
I have many results for a cheap guesthouse, would you like to narrow it down to stay in a particular area of the town?
Do any of these hotels have 4 stars?
Yes, in fact 7 of the 9 hotels in your search criteria have 4 stars. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
Any area is fine, but I'd like to book rooms for 8 people. We'll be staying 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. Can any of them accommodate that?
I was able to get you rooms at the [Alexander Bed & Breakfast]. Reference number is : HREOM15W . Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called The [Nirala].
The nirala serves indian food in the north side of town. It is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to book a table there for 8 at [16:00] on Saturday, please.
I am sorry, I was unable to reserve a table for that time on Saturday, would you like to try a different time slot?
Yes, see if [15:00] is available.
Booking was a success!
Could you please provide the reference number?
Sure thing. The reference number is Z1YHIR0Y .
Great - that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
Glad that I could be of service. Goodbye!


Hi, I'd like a train leaving from Cambridge on Thursday, please.
Certainly. Did you have a destination in mind?
Yes London Kings Cross.
Great. Now what time would you like to leave by or arrive by?
Arrive by [10:30] in London Kings Cross.
TR8636 will arrive by 09:51, would that work for you?
Yes please bookm it for me and I need the departure time.
How many tickets do you need?
Just one please
OK perfect, I have that booked for you then, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a college to go to in the west.
I have 5 different options for you. Might I suggest [Clare Hall]. It has free admission and it is a great campus to tour.
That sounds great! What is their address?
It is located on herschel road and the phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! That will be all.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you ever need assistance with anything else.


I am looking for places to go and I would like something in the centre.
I have many options available in the centre. Is there a particular attraction type you are looking for?
I am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.
I recommend all saints church. It is some nice architecture. There is no entrance fee and the phone number is 01223452587.
Great. I'm going to need a hotel too. It needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.
Sorry, there are hotels with that criteria. Would you like me to modify the area or some other part and look again?
I would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.
There are no cheap, 4 star hotels located in the same area as the [All Saints Church]. There is a guesthouse though that is cheap and has 4 stars.
Can you check again?
Sure. No. There is only a guesthouse called [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
I guess you can book that then. For two nights starting on Friday.
How many people will be staying in the room?
There will be 5 of us.
Great. I've booked your room for 2 days starting Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I also get a taxi to commute between the locations?
Absolutely! When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to leave by [6:30 am].
Your taxi is booked. Look for a yellow lexus. The contact number is 07461535393. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!
You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.


I need a train from peterborough
Where are you headed, and what day and time did you need to leave?
I am going to cambridge and leaving after [8:00] on friday
Sure, I have TR6496 departing at 08:19, arriving at 09:09, with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, the feference number is : MFCHF1YV . Can I help with anything else?
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!
Great. I'm glad I could help! Please consider using our service again the future. Goodbye.


I want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves [panasian] food.
Sorry, there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving panasian food.
[italian] food please. phone number and postcode please.
[Frankie and Bennys] serves Italian food in the south part of town. The phone number is 01223 412430, and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?
They serve italian food.
what is the price range ?
They are quite expensive .
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


i want to go to a park
Sure, there are a few. What part of town do you prefer?
anywhere is fine. May I get a postcode ?
There are 5 different parks. Postcodes are CB21JF, CB18DW, CB46AZ, CB22AD, and CB223AE.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. I need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4.
I have three 4 star hotels. what are or price range do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter. I do want it to be in the north area of town though.
I'm sorry, I don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. Would another area be ok, or should I check other star rating options?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?
No, I'm afraid there aren't.
Could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then?
There are no hotels that meet your requirements.
I guess I will take the guest house.
Okay, Do I need to book that for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we'll need to try different criteria. Would you be willing to change what part of town you stay in, or the star rating you need?
But I said I would take the guesthouse.
I'm so sorry about that. You are booked at the [Acorn Guest] Lodge. Reference number is : R68P0A12 .
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I'm sorry, but I don't think we determined which park you wanted to visit. Where will you be departing from?
the hotel by [14:45].
I'm sorry but there are no parks in the area of your hotel.


Hello! I would like to book a taxi from [hughes hall].
Great. Where would you like to go and what time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'm going to [Ali Baba] from Hughes Hall. I would like the taxi to arrive at Hughes Hall at [2:45].
It sounds like you wish to depart Hughes Hall and arrive at Ali Baba by 2:45, is this correct? If so, I've booked a black Ford for you, contact 07392863087.
That's great. Thanks.
Is there anything else you need help with?
No, you have been great.
Thank you. Enjoy your day. Good bye.


I need a place to eat that is cheap.
I have several inexpensive restaurants in different areas of town. Do you have a location preference?
Yes. I want the center area.
i can recommend rice house that serves chinese food
Do you have any restaurants that serve [english] food?
I am showing nothing for english food in the centre area. Would you like to try something else?
How about some awesome [Indian] food. I need a table for 8 on [16:30] monday
i booked you at [kohinoor]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OB1SN34 . is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks for your help. In addition, I am looking for a Thursday train departing Cambridge, please.
There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on thursday. Where is your destination?
I'm looking to travel to [Ely] departing after [13:15] if possible.
The TR5225 leaves at 13:50 on Thursday. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book 8 tickets and provide me with a reference number
Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is FR546MZC . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thanks. That is all for now!
Ok. I hope you have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town, can you help with this?
I'm afraid there aren't any expensive places in that area. Would you like me to try a different part of town?
Hmm, really. I thought there was. Can you double check please? It can be either a hotel or guesthouse.
I've checked again. Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the northern part of town.
Okay. How about one moderately priced?
We have 11 moderately priced options on the north end. Are free internet or parking requirements for you?
I will need free wifi and parking.
How about the [acorn guest house]. It fits your needs. Shall I book that for you?
Hmm, maybe. What's their postcode?
The post code for the Acorn Guesthouse is , cb41da. Anything else you may need?
Great, I will book it myself. Thanks for your help. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?
I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a preferred price range or area?
Thank you. I am looking for a hotel in the west part of town.
I have 3 in west - two are cheap and one is expensive. Preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.
I would suggest the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]. It is very nice. Can I get you some information on it?
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking?
Parking and internet are both included, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Thursday.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 6I8873PA . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?


I wanted to search for a specific type of attraction in town.
I can help with that. What's the name of the attraction?
I'm actually just looking for a college I could visit, but not a specific one. Which is your favorite?
[Churchill college] located at storey's way. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please can you send me the address too?
Yes, it is located at Storey's Way cb30ds. The phone number is 0122336233. Would you like to look for anything else today?
Yes please. I am looking for a hotel in the north side of town in the moderate price range as well. Any suggestions?
Sure how about the [Avalon] on 62 Gilbert Road?
Does it have free parking and wifi?
It does have internet but it does not have parking.
Are there any hotels in the north that include free parking and free wifi that are moderately priced?
We have nice to pick from but the [limehouse] is my personal favorite, many a great memories there. Would you like their information or a booking?
Yes please book that for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
I have made the reservation and the reference number is 9H08N83H .
Thank you so much for your help today.
I am glad to help. Enjoy !


Hello, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich.
Certainly, there are many trains going that route. Can you specify which day you'd like to travel?
Sorry. I want to leave on Saturday after [20:30].
There is a train Saturday at 20:36. Does that work for you?
Yes that works great can I book that for 5 people please?
I have confirmed booking for 5 tickets, your reference number is CID6UHHF . The total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Great! I'm glad we could help.


I want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.
There is one theater located in southern Cambridge. [The Junction] is located on Clifton Way, cb17gx. You may can 21223511511 for more information.,
What is the entrance fee?
Unfortunately I don't have that information. But, again, you could call them at 01223511511 for that information.
What is the postcode?
Postal code is cb17gx, the address is clifton way.
Can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?
There are not any in the area that match your requirements. Would you like me to check another area?
How about one in the south?
Yeah, there are two in the south. [Aylesbray Lodge] and Bridge Guest House. Do you have a preference between the two?
no, i don't. I just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
I have made your booking and here is the information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : O8FKIXR2 .
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel.
What will be your destination and arrival or departure times?
I need to go to the theatre. I need to leave the hotel by [13:00].
Please state your departure site and destination site so I can book that taxi.
From the hotel that was booked for me
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07767786743.
thanks alot for helping. have a good day
You're welcome, and thank you, likewise!


I need a train on Thursday going to Cambridge.
Sure, where will you be leaving from?
Departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by [13:45] on thursday please.
The TR8805 arrives by 1:07. How many tickets would you like?
Just one, please
You're booked for this train and the fee is 16.60 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KE8GRDRB . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine. I'm looking for something moderate in price and in the west.
I have british, indian, or italian, what are you in the mood for?
Let's try [italian] food.
Okay, I've got the [Prezzo] in the West area. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode for it please?
Sure thing, their zip code is cb30ad.
What's the address and phone number for that too?
They are located at 21-24 Northampton Road. The phone number is 01799521260.
Thanks so much! That's all I need. Goodbye!
Have a nice day as well. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city centre
I found you a British restaurant called Midsummer House Restaurant that is located in midsummer common how does that sound?
Does this restaurant serve [european] food?
It does not. For European food in the same area and price range, how about the [Michaelhouse Cafe]? It is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Okay. Great. Can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at [16:15] for this Monday? Also I will need a reference number.
Alright, you have been booked at the Michaelhouse Cafe for Monday, 16:15, party of 5. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0W78O9VD .
Thanks. I will also need take a train from london kings cross station that same day. What time do they leave?
I have them leaving from 5:17 in the morning for every two hours until 24:08 in the evening. The journey is approximately 51 minutes. Would you like me to book you on the 11:17 or 13:17?
I need to arrive by [13:30], so let's book the 11:17, please.
How many people would you like to book it for?
5 people
Yes I will get that taken care of for you. Anything else i can do for you today?
I need the train ID, please.
The train ID for the 11:17 on Monday to London Kings Cross is TR5720. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for, thank for the help!
You are most welcome!

