Hello! I am looking for the address and phone number of a [Lebanese] restaurant in the Centre.
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the Centre area. Its address is 59 Hills Road City. Phone number is 01462 432565
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.


I'm looking for a train from london liverpool street.
I have many trains that leave from London Liverpool Street. When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday to Cambridge and get there by [16:00] or before.
There are 5 options on Sunday from london liverpool street to cambridge. Would Sunday early morning be better? You could arrive by 07:07. Or would you prefer later in the morning?
I would prefer later in the morning if possible.
The TR9835 train leaves at 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need to book for 6 people.
Alright, you're all booked, your reference number is A6PU52R6 . Anything else I can get for you?
I'd like a place to stay in the east of the city.
There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east of Cambridge, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them moderately priced with free wifi included?
Yes. I would recommend the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
Yes please, I'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
Your reservation has been made at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights, including 6 people, beginning on Sunday. Ref# LHN3BIBK . Is there anything else I can yelp you with?
That is all I needed for today. Thank You!
Thank you and please contact us again if you need anything else.


Yes, I am planning a trip and could use some information on attractions.
I can help you with that! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I am looking for [Holy Trinity Church].
Would you like the address?
Yes, I would- what area is that in also? I'm needing a train from Steveanage to Cambridge. Can you help?
It is in the Centre. Market street, postcode cb23nz.
Thanks. The train to Cambridge should arrive by [15:30] on Sunday.
I have train TR1542 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43 cost is 10.24 pounds. would you like reservations?
Yes please. I need the price also
The price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book me on that train.
for how many people ?
No thanks. I'm actually not booking at this time. Thanks for your help. goodbye
You're welcome, have a nice day.


i need help i have robbed
Please contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station,
What's the phone number, address, and post code?
The telephone number is 01223358966, address Parkside, Cambridge with postcode CB11JG
Ok, thanks for your help. I appreciate it.
You are more than welcome!


Hi there, I'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. I'd like somewhere in the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.
There are a lot of great restaurants that are moderately priced in that area. Which type of food would you like?
Somewhere that serves [light bites], please
There is no place in that area that serves light bites. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine perhaps?
What about a restaurant that serves [European] food, but still in the centre and moderately priced?
There are 4 restaurants that match your request, would you like to book one of them?
No, but could you give me the address and phone number for your favorite one?
The [hotel du vin and bistro] is a great place, they are located at 15-19 trumpington street and reachable at 01223227330
Are there any places to stay in the same general area as the restaurant?
I have 33 hotels in that area. Do you have a price range that you would like to stay in?
I need to stay in the moderate price range, please.
I have the [Cityroomz] that is moderately priced. Would you like a booking?
Actually, could I just get its phone number and address?
Sure, Cityroomz is located at sleeperz hotel, station road and the number for them is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we book a guesthouse in the centre?
Of course, how many nights will you be staying, and how many people will there be?
I will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 6 people.
What day are you starting your stay, please?
Starting from Friday. Could you book that for me?
I'm sorry I could not book for the time and length of stay. Would you like to change the day or length of stay?
Hmmm. How about two nights?
Would a cheap guesthouse in the centre area work?
That sounds fine.
There are two, but the [Alexander bed and breakfast] seems nice. It's rated 4 stars. What do you think?
Go ahead and book it, may I have the reference number please?
Your booking was suucessful for 2 nights Reference number is : D7B8XOEZ .. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to book a taxi if we can.
No problem. What between which locations would need the taxi and for what time?
I'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by [6:30].
OK, I've booked you a car. A black ford should be picking you up at the Alexander by 6:30, contact number 07373630564. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope that is all I need today. Thank you for your assistance with all this!
It was a pleasure to help you today. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [arbury lodge guesthouse]
Would you like me to check availability for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse on a particular date?
book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
how about 1 night instead?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : NSVESB6H .
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


can i find the parkside police station
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Do you need the phone number?
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you goodbye.


I'm coming to town and looking for a good [Japanese] restaurant to try near the Town centre. Do you have any suggestions?
The Japanese Restaurant near centre is [Wagamama]. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
I'll be needing a table for 6 at [13:30] this next monday, can you help?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 4P2MMPI9 .
Thanks for the info! What about attractions in the area?
What type of attraction would you like?
Actually, first, lets get a hotel. Are there any cheap places to stay?
There are 10 cheap places ro stay. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would like it in the centre near the restaurant. It needs to be a guesthouse.
Would you like to try allenbell?
Does it have free parking?
Yes it does, free parking as well.
That would be great, thanks.
did you need a booking at the Allenbell?
I do not so that will be all, I do need their address and postcode though.
Sure, it is located at 517a Coldham Lane, postcode cb13js. What else can I help you with today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.
welcome and thanks for using our services
Good bye.
Thank you goodbye.


Know anywhere that has [european] food?
Sure, there are lots of good European restaurants in town. Is there a price range that you prefer?
Yes actually, can we find something in the moderate price range?
How about the [Galleria] in the town centre? I could make a reservation for you if you wish.
That would be greatly appreciated. I will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at [18:15]. Also could i get the reference number?
You are all set for Sunday. The reference number is 7W544X5O . Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That should be all I need, thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Thanks I appreciate it. Bye!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.


can you help me find a cheap hotel?
There are 10 cheap hotels is there an area you prefer?
On second thought, I don't care what price it is. I just really need a guesthouse with free parking.
I have many cheap guesthouses across the city. What area are do you prefer and if no preference would you like me to recommend something?
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi
There is nothing on the West side,want to try a different area ?
I don't need it to be cheap, but I really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.
[Finches Bed and Breakfast] has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please and i'll need the reference number
What day do you need it for and for how many days and how many people?
Starting Sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.
I am unable to book the room at this time.
Is it available for 2 nights?
Your booking at finches bed and breakfast for a posey of 7 on Sunday for 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : CUZA1TZH . Can i assist you further?
Thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? You can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it
We have four available theatre options in town.I would recommend the [mumford theatre] and the phone is 08451962320.
Can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?
I need to know where will the taxi be picking you up and dropping you off? And is there anytime specific time you prefer?
I need to leave the hotel by [8:00] and go to the theatre thank you.
I have booked you with a grey honda taxi. The number for contact is 07678148281. Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe we got it all done today thanks. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.


Hi. I'm looking for a hotel in the east. The internet is not needed.
There are no hotels that do not have internet, but 7 which do have it. Do you have a specific price range you'd prefer?
no, but it should have free parking, please.
The [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is in the area and has free parking, would you like more information?
Is that a guesthouse or a hotel? I'd really prefer a guesthouse.
It's a hotel. There are 5 guesthouses in the area. Do you prefer cheap or moderate for the price range?
The price doesn't really matter. I just need free parking. It doesn't really need to have internet though.
There are 5 guesthouses that have free parking. Should I book one of them for you?
Okay, none of them DON'T offer free wifi? If not, I'll need the address for one that does have wifi, please. Tell me about your favorite.
The allenbell is a guesthouse on the east. The addres sis 517a coldham lane post code cb13js.
Great. Can you help me with a train as well? I'm looking to come in from Ely.
What is your destination? And do you have any preference for day, departure or arrival time?
I want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but I need to book for 8 people.
There are trains that run every two hours every day starting at 5:50. Do you know what day you'd like to travel?
I'm looking for Wednesday , arrive by [11:30] for 8 people Please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. You reference number is 7ZCVR4Q3 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else right now. Thank you for your assistance. Good Bye.
Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.


I need a place to eat in the moderate price.
We have lots of options in that price range. Is there a particular type of food you're interested in?
I would love to find a place that serves [Irish] food!
I don't have any Irish places listed. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about [international] food?
Yes, I would recommend [Bloomsbury Restaurant]. Would you like some information on it?
Please book a table for 7 at [15:30] on Wednesday and provide the reference number. I also need a train leaving Thursday and arrive by [13:15].
The restaurant booking number is 47559FUX, as far as the train, where is your destination?
i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross.
TR3433 will get you to London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like me to book passage, or would you like additional information?
please make a booking for the same group of people.
What day shall I book your train ticket?
Thursday and for 7 people, I will also need to reference number.
The reference number for your train reservation is TR3433 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today! Thanks for your help!
Not a problem. Thank you for choosing us for your needs!


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [city stop restaurant]
I have found the restaurant you are looking for. Would you like the address?
No, I just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number.
The restaurant serves [European] food. Their phone number is 01223363270. Anything else?
That's all, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!


I am visiting and would like to see something interesting in the south.
There are several attractions in the south. What type of attraction are most interested in?
I'm not particular. Is there something you could recommend?
i recommend [the place] night club in 22 Sidney street. you want the address
Sure, and the phone number, please?
The phone number is 0122324600. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the same area. A Guesthouse that has 3 stars and free internet
bridge guest house meets that criteria, would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's all the information I need.
Alright. Well thank you for calling.
Yes you are welcome thanks for the help
Thanks for using our system.


I am looking for a train departing Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.
I can definitely help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
I would like to leave on Sunday sometime after [15:15].
TR4651 departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, two tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is: SDRN9BTG .
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free wifi, but I don't care about parking.
How about a and b guest house?
I am looking for something in the 2 star range. Is that 2 stars?
The A and B actually has 4 stars. There are 3 accommodations with 2 stars, though. They are all hotels, rather than guesthouses. Would one of those be to your liking?
Yes, please. A hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.
There are three choices. Would you like a list or to make a reservation at the top choice?
Which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can I get their address please?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the expensive range and offers free wifi and free parking, would you like me to make a reservation for this hotel?
No reservation at this time but I would like the address please.
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I help you find anything else today?
That should be all for today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!


Hi, I am looking for a train that will be arriving by [16:00] in Cambridge.
What day and from where?
I am leaving Friday from Kings Lynn.
We have a train departing from Kings Lynn, Friday at 15:11 which will be arriving at 15:58. The price is 9.80 pounds and the total duration of the trip would be 47 min. Would you like me to book this for you?
Thank you for all the information. I would like to book this.
Consider it done. It has been booked. Anything else?
Yes, can you also help me find a hotel that has free parking and is expensive?
Sure! Let's narrow it down a bit. Any preferences on location or star rating?
I would like a 4 star hotel. Location isn't important, just quality hotel.
Sure thing! There are 21 four star hotels. Do you have any other needs, like internet, parking, or price range or style?
I would like it to have free parking and internet.
The Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms are both expensive 4-star hotels with free internet and parking. Is either of these of interest to you?
The [University Arms] sounds good. I'd like to book 4 nights for 1 person, beginning on Friday. And I'll need the reference number, please.
You booking was successful. Your reference number is XWZQ8GBA . What else can I help you with?
That should be it, thanks!
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service!


i was robbed and need help
Oh dear! Parkside Police Station's phone number is 01223358966. Anything else I can do for you?
That's great, may I have their address and postcode please?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Postcode is CB11JG
I'm going to contact them now, thank you.
Let us know if there's anything else we can do!


I'm looking for a place called [soul tree nightclub].
Soul Tree Nightclub is found in the center of town.The entrance fee is 4 Pounds and their phone number is 01223477900
What type of attraction is it?
It's classified as a nightclub type of attraction.
I also need a place to eat that serves [Indian] food.
Fantastic. I have 22 restaurants for you to choose from!
I want to book a table for 6 at [18:45] on Thursday
[Curry Garden] in the centre of town was available. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OTACG9MV .
Thank you good bye.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Have a great night.


I am looking for somewhere to go in the east.
There's a boat dock, museums, or some entertainment venues in the east. Do any of those sound interesting?
My bad, I meant the west.
There are some great colleges in the west. Or perhaps the [Museum of Classical] Archeology?
What is the address?
They are located on Sidgwick Avenue and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks so much. What type of attraction are they?
They are museums.
I need a train going to bishops stortford leaving after [16:15]. I need eight tickets and the reference number please.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming from Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.
Okay your train reference number is YXCN2XHO . Is there anything else you need?
No that's all for today, thank you.
Have a very nice day and thank you for calling.


Hi, I'm looking for an [Indian] restaurant. I'd prefer something on the west side.
I have found 6 restaurants meeting your criteria. Rice boat is a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
I'm looking for something in the fine dining price range, so the place should be expensive. Are there any that fit that criteria?
Absolutely, there are a few choices. How about Tandoori Palace on Histon Road?
That sounds good. may I have their postcode, address, and phone number?
Sure. Tandoori is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in postcode cb43le. Their phone number is 01223506055. Can I book it for you?
No, that's fine.
Ok, will there be anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that's everything. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Hi, I I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
I have 17 different options. In order to narrow down an option for you, can you tell me what area you would prefer?
I am not sure but I do want it to have a 4 star rating.
We have 11 such entries. Does free parking matter to you?
Not really, but free parking could be nice.
If you have no other preferences to help narrow it down, may I suggest the [Acorn guest house]? It's very nice, with free wifi and free parking as well.
That is perfect. Please book 3 days starting on Sunday.
Okay and how many guests will be included in the reservation?
There will be 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
You said Sunday at first and they you just said Monday. Do you want it for Sunday or Monday?
Sorry. Monday is what I want.
I'm sorry, but the hotel isn't available for your stated days. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on Monday?
There are no rooms available for 2 nights starting on Monday. How about a different day or a shorter period?
Okay, how about for 1 night?
Your booking request was successful!, Would you like the reference number? Or is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. I do need the booking number and would also like to check into a train.
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday.
Hi, we have several trains leaving on monday. Is there a particular time of day, you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave after [12:30]
I have several trains running that day, the earliest I can offer that leaves after 12:30 is TR3108 which leaves at 13:32 and arrives by 14:32, would you like me to book your tickets?
Yes, please, and can I have a confirmation number as well?
Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to get?
I only need one ticket. Thank you.
I have booked your ticket for one, is there anything else you need?
What is the travel time for the train?
The train leaves at 13:32 and arrives 14:32 for a travel time of 60 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
That's all. Thanks! Goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Which trains arrive in Cambridge by [17:15]?
There are many at that time,can I get a departure site?
Yes I need it to depart from norwich.
I have a train that arrives in cambridge at 16:35. Will that work for you?
Yes, what is the ID and price, please?
The train ID is TR9266. Is there anything else?
And what is the price and departure time?
The price is 17.60 pounds. The departure time is 15:16. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book it for me.
How many tickets do you need to book?


looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.
I have many excellent options available. Do you have a cuisine preference, I should I recommend one?
No, I don't have a cuisine preference. I just need to book for 5 people at [19:30] on tuesday.
Great, I booked you at the [Yippee Noodle Bar] and your reference number is NE9Y6864 .
That sounds great, thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. I appreciate your using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I want a train that leaves from Cambridge on Monday.
There are quite a few options available to you. Is there a specific destination you are looking for?
I am headed to Stevenage. I cannot get on the train until [14:45].
There are 5 options available. Is there a time that you would like to arrive by?
No, the first train leaving after 14:45 would be fine. I want to book tickets for 8 people.
I was able to book TR2045, reference number is 7OWLTI02 .
Thanks. Can you look for a restaurant that serves [british] food. It sounds good.
There are 11 british restaurants to choose from. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No certain area, but I'd like one in a moderate price range please.
We have 5 places listed that would meet your needs. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. That would help me a lot. I would need to book a table at the one you recommend.
I would recommend The [Copper Kettle] located in the city centre. I can book that for you now if you'd like
Yes for 6. and I'll need the reference number.
I can do that but just need a date and time in order to book. When would you like to go?
Monday at [11:45] please.
You are booked and your reference number is 4AEEDA4Z . May I help you wirh anything else today?
That seems to be everything. Thank you for your help.
Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to visit in downtown Cambridge. What are some popular attractions?
There is architecture, boats, colleges, museums, and many other things.
Recommend something that's in the center of town for me.
The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a fantastic place to visit. It's located at 6 Trinity Street and admission is free! Do you need more information?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.
There's not an exact match to fit your needs. There's a hotel without free parking available. Or, if you need the free parking, would a cheap guesthouse work instead?
Free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.
Okay, if the lack of parking isn't a dealbreaker, you might enjoy [cityroomz]. Their number is 01223304050. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please. I'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday
Done! Your reference number is 07Z05P6U . Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel at [16:30].
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Honda. Their phone number is 07543221637.
That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!


I'm interested in places to in the centre.
i recommend [old school] architecture. its in trinity l;ane. can i give you the address
Yes and also the entrance fee and phone number.
admission is free and the phone number is 01223332320
Can you also help me find a train?
Absolutely! What day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
Thursday and going to Ely!
What time would you like to arrive by and what time would you like to depart by?
I would like to leave pretty early so I can spend the day. I would also like to have dinner there so sometime [after 8pm].
I have that you are going to Ely Thursday by 8pm. Where are you departing from and when would like to arrive?
I am departing for Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by [10:15]. No departure preference.
Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the train ID and the departure and travel times please.
Yes I have the TR1923 that leaves Cambridge at [09:50] and arrives in Ely by 10:07.
Okay. Thank you for your information.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling.


Hi there, I'm looking for a train that gets into Cambridge by [09:30]
We have lots of trains that come in by then. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn.
What day would you like to travel?
Wednesday is the day I want, please.
I have a train that gets into Cambridge by 08:58.
That would work perfectly. Can you get me 5 tickets for that train?
Your booking was successful and the amount due at the station is 49 GBP. Your reference number is OGXNDTVX . Can I do anything else for you?
I need a place to dine that serves [chinese] food and is in the south.
There are three restaurants available. Did you have a price preference?
Not really. Can I just have the address, postcode, and phone for your favorite?
the good luck chinese food takeaway is expensive. the phone number is 01223244149. the address and postcode are 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17ag. anything else?
That is all I need.
Ok great. Have a great day.


Can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?
Sure thing, I would suggest the copper kettle.
Is it located in the South? Does it serve [Lebanese] food?
I have no matches. Do you have any other preferences?
How about [italian] food?
[Pizza hut] is in that are and will suit your needs. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at [18:30] on tuesday
I've reserved a table at 18:30 on Tuesday for 3. Your reference number is GCGHXNVN . Can i help you with anything else?
I would also like to know more about fun places to go in the south.
There are 8 different attractions in the south. Do you have a type in mind?
Is there a college in the South I could visit?
Unfortunately, there are no colleges in the south. There are a cinema, two entertainments, a museum, a nightclub, a theatre and two parks. Which one appeals to you?
Hmm I'm feeling indecisive. Why don't you pick one that you like best and then please tell me the entrance fee, attraction type, and address for it.
I'm partial to the [Byard Art] Museum. It's located at 14 King's Parade, and best of all, free. Can I assist you with something else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a taxi to get between the two places. Can you please help?
Do you need the taxi to pick you up at the museum and take you to the restaurant?
Yes, and I need to arrive at the restaurant by [18:30].
OK i've got a white BMW and the contact number is 07669345707. Anything else?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thanks for using Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a great trip!


Please help me reserve a taxi from [saint catharine's college]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [01:15].
Great! And what is your destination?
I'm going to [loch fyne].
You are booked for a red lexus with the contact number 07866626052.
Thank you. I am now finished.
I'm glad we could help. Have a good day.


I would like to find a hotel in the north that has free wifi. What are your suggestions?
What price range are you interested in ?
It doesn't really matter, but I would like free parking.
Is there a certain star rating you would like it to have?
Yes, I really like 4 star hotels. If you find one, I'd like to book a room.
I have 7 available guesthouses in the north. I would suggest Home from Home it is a great guesthouse. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse. I need a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi in the north.
I am sorry there are no hotels that are available. Would you consider a guesthouse or a different area?
No and no. I want a 4 star hotel on the north side with free wifi and parking.
Sorry, I'm not finding anything.
Can we try another search I really need a place to stay it can be a guesthouse or hotel.
Okay, I have 7 options for guesthouses in the North. 6 of them are in the moderate price range and one is is cheap. Which are you looking for?
Okay, I need a guesthouse with free parking, and 4 stars. Price doesn't matter, you can pick one.
There are 7 guesthouses in the north matching your description. I recommend [acorn guest house].
Does it also have free wifi?
Yes it has free wifi.
Can you book it for me?
Yes, how may people and how long will your stay be?
I'd like to to book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.
I've booked a single occupancy room at Acorn Guest House for five nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 4KJSRRGA . Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a [North Indian] restaurant that's near the guesthouse. Can you find one?
Sorry no north indian restaurants in the north.
Can we find one that serves [Italian] food instead then?
[da vince pizzeria] is the one option in the north, it has cheap pricing, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes that would be great, can you book that please?
how many should i book for and how many day?
I need it for [18:15] for one person on a Tuesday.
A table for 1 has been booked for Tuesday at 18:15 at Da Vinci Pizzeria. Your confirmation number is BSJDIVC3 .
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Have a great day. Bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Can you help me find a college in the centre of town?
There are a whopping 13 colleges in the centre of the city. Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Which is the best college in the Centre and how can I contact them by phone?
there are many options . can i recommend one for you
Please recommend one in the centre and I would also like the phone number.
christ's college is nice.
That sounds great, can I please get their phone number?
Of course, their phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.


I 'm looking for a theatre in town.
What part of town were you interested in?
It doesn't matter what part of town, If you have one you would recommend and let me know the entrance fee, that would be great.
The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in the centre area. However, the entrance fee is currently unavailable.
What does "currently unavailable" mean?
Not Available means I am not able to see the price of the entrance fee. Unfortunately all the theatre's are hiding there fee's. Anything else I can do?
I also need a train going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday.
Can you tell me if there is a time you want to leave by or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrvie by [14:16].
OKay I will work on looking this up for you.
There will be 8 of us traveling, by the way.
train tr9327 leaves at 13:06 and gets you there by [13:56]. I have booked you 8 tickets. Reference number is : ZKGGRI1B Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need this morning.
Have a nice day, goodbye.


I just had a physical altercation with another driver after I hit his car accidentally. May I get some help please?
Here is the information for contacting police. Telephone:01223358966 Address :Parkside, Cambridge. Postcode : CB11JG
I appreciate your help. Do you know how quickly the police will respond? I may need some medical help as well.
The police will arrive soon, are you injured?
No, I am not. this is all I need, thanks! good bye.
Hope your day gets better!


Hello, I would like to eat somewhere expensive in the North.
[Saigon City] is an expensive place in the north part of town.
Okay, I want to book a table for 6 people at [11:45] on saturday.
You are all set for a party of 6 on Saturday at Saigon City, reference #3IB3PPD0 . Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No thank you. That is all.
All right, enjoy your meal!


I want a train that is leaving from broxbourne.
There is a train leaving from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday at 5:32 and will arrive there at 6:32.
That would work well with our schedule. Thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else you need help with?
No thats it thankl you
Did you need the train number or price today?
Yes can I please get that?
I am sorry. Do you want info or to book the train? The cost is 17.90 per ticket.
I don't need to book at the moment. However, I was also interested in finding a restaurant for Friday.
What type of food would like to eat?
I don't really care about cuisine, but I would like something expensive in the center of town. What's your favorite high-end place?
I would suggest [Loch Fyne]. They serve the most amazing selection of seafood in the entire city. It's definitely an experience.
That sounds perfect. Could you book a table for 8 people at [19:30] on Friday?
Ok, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 56AHCPLE .
awesome. thanks for your help today
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for places to go here in the centre of town. Could you please assist me?
What kind of place? Are you looking for entertainment, dinner, culture, or what?
I would like to go to a museum please.
I recommend Castle Galleries.
Does [Castle Galleries] have an entrance fee?
No, Castle Galleries is free to enter!
Wonderful. I am also looking for a [Chinese] restaurant near the Castle Galleries. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at [12:30]?
Would you like a cheap, moderate, or expensive restaurant?
It doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. As long as it's in the same area as Castle Galleries and serves Chinese food.
I have the Sesame Restaurant and Bar that is a more expensive Chinese restaurant also located in the town centre. Would you like more information or I also have others?
Yes, I would like to go to the [Sesame Restaurant and Bar]. I would need to book a taxi to get from the museum to the restaurant.
I have booked you a blue toyota taxi and its contact number is 07271370296.
Great, wonderful! That's all I needed.
If that is all, I would like to thank you for using our service.


Hi there! I'm looking for something fun to do in the center of town. What kind of attractions are there?
Yes I have many architectural attractions would you be interested in those?
Yes! I'd like a phone number and address of one of those.
Sure, [all saints church] phone is 01223452587. And address is Jesus Lane. Anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called [cafe uno].
I found a restaurant named Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, their number is 01223448620. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please. I'll need a table for 4 at [19:15] on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BCM0D5Y2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so I will need to be there by [19:15].
Alright I have you booked for a cab from All Saints to Caffe Uno, arriving by 19:15.
Can I get the contact number and car type for the cab.
It's going to be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07525945489. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for all of your help. I don't need anything else today.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [indian] food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?
We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre, with prices ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive range.
There are several. Would you like to book a table to Panahar, or perhaps one of the others?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at [Panahar] on Sunday at [13:00].
You are booked at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for the reservation?
I am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked. My I find another restaurant for you that serves Indian food?
Yes please, in the same area and price range, please.
Okay. I was able to get you into [the Golden Curry] instead. Your reference number is OXKPJH2R .
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
You are so welcome.


I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves [vegetarian] food.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants specializing in vegetarian food. Can I try looking for another type of restaurant for you?
Yes go ahead. How about [Indian]? They always have vegetarian options. I would like it to be moderately priced too.
Yes sure! I have quite a few. Do you have a price range in mind?
I want a Moderate price range please.
For moderate pricing, I have the Meghna restaurant in the west. It's located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I reserve you a table?
No thanks, I'd like to give them a call instead. What is their phone number?
The contact number for the [Meghna] is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh yes, actually I need the postcode too.
Of course. It's cb43lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your meal at Meghna. Goodbye!


I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I would like [north american] food.
gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American Food. Would that be acceptable?
Sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at [19:15] please.
Unfortunately, we were not able to book that restaurant. Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
Are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre?
I was able to find 3 that serve british food and 1 that serves african and 1 that serves asian. Do you have a preference?
Can you book me in for the [Asian] restaurant then?
Okay. I was able to book you a table at the [kymmoy]. Your reference number is TQVKVLNH . Is there anything else you need?
Nope, I think that will do it, thank you
It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a high end restaurant in the centre, can you help me out?
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a certain type of food you are looking for?
I want one that serves [light bites].
I am sorry but not results came up with your criteria, would you like to try something else?
What about one that has [Italian] food?
I have 4 restaurants that come up, based on that criteria. Would you like more information about them?
That's okay, I'll just pick the first one. Can you make a reservation for 2 at [15:30] this Monday?
I apologize booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes, please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found.
You are booked into the [clowns cafe] at 54 King Street City Centre. Your reference number is I0EPBDJ4 . May I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much for your help
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving by [13:45]
There are many trains relevant to your search. Please tell me where you are departing from.
I need to leave from Peterborough on Sunday.
Okay I can book you a trip on train TR5662, leaving at 07:19 and arriving by 08:09. How many tickets would you like?
I need to book the train for 7 people. Are you able to do that for me and provide me with a reference number please?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is JA1FRX8K . Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for this place called [Castle Galleries]?
Castle Galleries is a museum at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I need the post code please.
The postcode is cb23bj.
Thanks, that is all the information I need. Have a great day.
Thank you and have a great day!
Ok, thanks for all your help regarding my requests.
No problem, enjoy your trip. :)


I'm looking for [yu garden], can you help me find it?
Yes. Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. It's phone number is 01223248882. Do you need anything else?
Would you please book me a table for two at [14:30] on Monday?
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to find another restaurant?
What is the area and price range for the Yu Garden, please?
Yu Garden is an expensive restaurant in the East part of town that services Chinese food.
That sounds great. Could you book it for me please, and give me the reference number
Yu Garden is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range.
I was able to book [grafton hotel restaurant] reference number is PC2VLUZW .
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye.
Okay glad I could be of help.


Can you help me find a train leaving [after 9:15] going to Ely? Thanks.
Yes, there are many. Where are you departing from?
I am departing out of Cambridge. I really do need to leave sometime after [21:15] for sure.
There are 14 trains available. What day will you be leaving?
I'm leaving on Saturday.
I have two on Saturday. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I need 6 tickets.
I have booked 6 seats for you on saturday. Would you like some restaurant suggestions in ely?
Thank you. I also need a hotel.
Where would you like to stay on your trip?
First, can you give me my reference number for the train?
Yes, the Train ID is TR7738.
Thank you. I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I'd love to help you with that. There are so many hotel options in the area. Can you help me narrow it down a bit? Area? Price range, etc.?
I would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 4 stars.
We have 16 possible guesthouse matches with parking and internet. What price range are you interested in?
Sorry can we go back to the train for a moment? I need the reference number, not the train ID for my booking.
Your reference number is DALA684J
Back to the guesthouse now ... what is the price range for your favorite one?
the arbury lodge guesthouse is quite nice. It's cheap too.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I want a place to dine in the centre of Cambridge with moderate pricing
I have plenty of options for you. Is there any certain type of food you are looking to eat today?
I would like an [Italian] restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at [14:00] on Monday and please provide the reference number.
I have reserved a table at [pizza express]. Your reference number is STRPXCFT . Do you need anything else?
Yes. Are there any colleges nearby that I can visit?
There are about 13 colleges in the centre of town. Might I suggest Hughes Hall. They offer free entrance and are located on Wollaston Road.
Thank you! What is the address/postcode for [Hughes Hall]?
The address is wollaston road and the postcode is cb12ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college.
Okay. I can get you a taxi if you know the time you'd like to leave or arrive.
I need to arrive by [14:00].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07841942758
Great! That was all I needed/
Glad I could be of assistance. Good-bye.


I would like to book a taxi from [stevenage train station] and go to [cineworld cinema].
I have you booked in a grey ford with a contact number of 079724240082. Can I do anything else for you?
That's all I need thank you!
great, have an amazing day
I'm sorry, I forgot to mention that I need the taxi to arrive by [12:15].
I've made the change for you. The new car is a White Toyota, and the contact number is 07338867597. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should do it.
Have a nice day!


I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at, and I don't require free parking.
I show several to guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area of town you prefer?
Yes. I would like to stay in the north.
Is there a price range you have in mind?
I do not have a particular price range in mind.
Okay, I've got the [acorn guest house]. It's a 4 star place. Would you like me to book you there?
No, thank you. Can you just give me the phone number, please?
No problem! You can ring them at 01223353888. Anything else?
I also need to book a train. It needs to go to Cambridge and leave on Sunday.
There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where will you be leaving from?
Kings Lynn is my point of departure.
No problem. There are trains leaving hourly. The trip takes 47 minutes. The cost is 7.84 pounds. If you know what time you would like to leave, I can make a reservation for you.
I would like to know the train ID for that train please.
Okay the trainID is TR6003, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. What is the total travel time and departure time also?
TR6003 leaves kings lynn to cambridge on sunday at 05:11. It takes 47 minutes to get there. How many tickets will you be needing?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day!


Hi, is there a moderately priced [international] cuisine restaurant in Cambridge?
There are two in the centre area that are moderate in price.
Can you please book one of those for me and provide the address, area and phone number.
I would be happy to book for you, for how many people and what day would you like to book?
Hmm, let's see...I'm not sure. Before we do that, I also need a hotel in the east part of town with free parking availability.
It appears the Allenbell guesthouse has free parking, is in the cheap price range and on the east side of town. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you, I'll travel there myself. Can I get the address and phone number for the restaurant though?
Of course for the "varsity restaurant" the number is 0122335606035 and the address is Saint Andrews Street City Centre. Would you also like the address for the "Bloomsbury restaurant"?
Yes, I would. Can you also give me the address and phone number for the Allenbell Guesthouse?
Their address is 517a coldham lane and phone number is 01223210353


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that offers free parking for guests.
sure i have 10 options for you
I would really love a 3 star guesthouse.
Sadly, I don't have anything that fits those requirements. Is there something else I can check for you?
What about something that is moderately priced?
I have 3 that are moderately priced. Would you like one on the south, north, or west end of the city?
Let's go with the north. Can you book me a room there for Thursday please?
I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday or friday.
I was able to book you starting on Thursday, reference #Z1ENBDTH . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the center in the same price range.
There are 31 moderately priced restaurants, any preferences for cuisine or area?
Yes, I would prefer [Russian] food.
I'm afraid I'm not showing any Russian restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Hmmm...how about a [gastropub] instead?
[the cow pizza kitchen and bar] is on Corn Exchange Street, would you like to book a table?
Sure, I need to make a reservation for Thursday.
Okay and for what time would you like your reservation to be?
It will be at [18:15]. I'd like it booked for the same group of people.
Your table is booked, ref #QH14SHYY . Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need to know about the restaurant.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


Hi, are there any [modern global] restaurants in the centre?
It looks like there are none. Is there another area or type of food you'd like to look for?
I would like to look for one that serves [modern european] food please.
I have 4 modern european restaurants in the center of town. I recommend the [Riverside Brasserie].
What is the postcode of that resturant?
The phone number for Riverside Brasserie is 01223259988. Can I help you with anything else?
I was wondering the price range of the riverside brasserie.
The Riverside Brasserie is moderately priced.
Thanks. Could you check on a train for me from london kings cross?
Sure, when would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after [11:15] on a Tuesday.
TR7850 leaves at 11:17, can book some seats for you? Also, the postcode for Riverside Brasserie is cb21rt. I had forgotten to give you that information.
Yes I'd like to book that train for 5 and I'd like the reference number as well please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1JO707L5 . Will you need anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great trip!


I need help finding [Williams Art and Antiques] in Cambridge.
Sure, they are at Gwydir St, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Phone number is: 01223311687 & postcode is cb12lj. It is a museum and entrance fee is free!
That's great! May I also have the area that Williams Art and Antiques is in?
It is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train to broxbourne on thursday.
Alright, I have nineteen different trains going to Broxbourne on Thursday. Is there any specific time you want to leave or arrive by?
It needs to be anytime after [15:30].
I have a train leaving at 16:01 and arriving by 17:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please I need that for 4 people and can I get the reference number too?
Booking was successful for TR9531, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 6X1C0PQL . Can I assist you with anything else?
Great that's all that I should need, thank you!
You are welcome! Have a good day.


I'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. It needs to have free parking.
There are many guesthouses that meet this criteria. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the West
I have 2 guesthouses matching your criteria. The Finches Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and includes free parking and internet. Would you be interested in this?
I am looking for a guesthouse with 0 stars.
I'm sorry, I can't find a guesthouse that meets those specifications. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there one in the north?
Yes, the [city centre north b and b] is a zero star guest house in the north, with free parking and free wifi. Would you like it booked?
Not yet. Can I get the phone number for the hotel first?
Yes, the number is 01223312843
Could you tell me what price range that hotel is in?
city centre north b and b is priced as a cheap hotel.
I am looking for some places to go in the east of multiple sports. Can you help?
The [Cherry Hinton Village Centre] sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Their phone number is 01223576412.
I need a taxi to commute between the two. Can you help?
When would you like to leave/arrive by?
I will be needing to leave the hotel by [16:45]. Can you arrange that?
Certainly! I have booked you with a red skoda, whose contact number is 07790176286. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great. That was all I needed.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am going to be visiting cambridge and I would love to find a theatre to go to. Can you help me?
The [Cambridge Arts Theatre] in the centre is very popular. Would you like more information about it?
That sounds like a place I would enjoy. Can you give me the address?
Sure, It's located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please provide info on a hotel called [City Centre North b and b].
They are rated 0 stars and price in the cheap range. Parking and wifi are included
Can I have the area the hotel is in?
It looks like it is in the north part of town. Any other needs today?
That would be it. Thank you so much. Bye!
You're very welcome. I'm so glad I was able to help you. Have a wonderful visit!


i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.
There are no moderately priced hotels in the south. Would you be interested in a moderately priced guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for the [warkworth house] hotel.
The warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area of town. Would you like me to book the guesthouse for you?
Yes, I would like to book for four people starting Thursday night and lasting three nights.
I have booked your hotel at the Warkworth House, arriving Thursday for three nights. Your reference number is 853I1LMK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a nightclub in centre of town.
There are five nightclubs in that area. Would you like more info on them?
Yes can I get the phone number and address for them?
Is there a particular one you would like the address and phone number for, or would you like the contact information for all of them?
Ah, just pick one for me that looks interesting, and give me the address and phone number for that one.
Okay. Club Salsa's telephone number is 07782218745 and their address is 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds by the way.
That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.


Can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi?
I have 23 guesthouses with wifi. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
Not a particular area, but I would like free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses offering both wifi and parking. Are you looking for a specific price range or star rating?
No, I'm not particular about the price or rating. I do need it available Thursday for 3 nights for 3 people.
I booked a room at the [Allenbell] guesthouse on Coldham Lane. The reference number is 7QVODJMI . Can I be of any other assistance to you?
No thank you. Thank you for the reference number 7QVODJMI. Goodbye.
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.


I've got a craving for some pasta. Can you find me a good [Italian] restaurant on the west side of the city?
I have two different ones that are great. One is cheaper and the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, definitely the cheap one.
That's the [la margherita]. Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, please! I'd like it for [15:15] on Thursday for 7 people.
Booked! Reference number: S22TYNUQ . The table is reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need a train to stevenage.
Yes, there are 70 different options Do you have a preference for day, and time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Cambridge on Friday, sometime after [12:30].
There is a train that leaves at 1:21pm and arrives at 2:10pm. Do you want me to book?
That won't be necessary.
Is there anything more I can help you with?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.
Thank you so much for using our services! Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the centre of town.
There are 4 churches and an old schools. All are free except for great saint mary's church which has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Which do you prefer?
Just give me the information for the first one that is free in the centre, like their phone number and postcode please.
holy trinity church, phone number is 01223355397, postcode is cb23nz. Is there anything else you need?
I actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the centre of town also.
We have 5 potential options available to you. Is there a particular lodging type or price range you are interested in the most?
No particular pricerange, but I want it to be a type of hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.
I think [citycroomz] would work well. Would you like more information?
No, thank you. That will be all. Have a great day!
My pleasure to be of service. Have a wonderful visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.


We are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some boat attractions in town. What do you have available?
Depends on what area of town you'll be visiting.
I haven't decided on what area of town I will be staying in, I would just like to know the boat attractions please.
There are only boat attractions in the east, north and centre so If i was you I wouldn't stay in the west or south.
Ok. I would like the name of a specific boat attraction please.
The [camboats] in the east side is highly suggested. Would you like any information on them?
What is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, but I have checked all the boat attractions in the other areas of town and none have entrance fees listed. Can I help with something else?
Yes, can you get me information about [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel]?
It's an expensive 4 star hotel at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number is 01480446000 and postcode is pe296fl. Provides free internet/parking.
Can I book lodging for 7 people starting on Saturday? We're staying for 4 nights.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is GOL43A42 . What else can I help you with today?
I also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by [17:15], please.
You are all set. Be expecting a blue Audi. Please call 07750823972 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Need a moderately priced hotel with 4 stars.
I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in town. Would you like to try a different rating or price?
Could you find me something that includes free parking and wifi?
The [Ashley Hotel] is located in the north and has a 2 star rating in the moderate price range Would you like me to make a reservation for you
Great can I book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting thursday?
I booked you rooms for 7 people staying 2 nights at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is ZWCF98NW . Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving [british] food
There are several is there a certain price range you are looking for?
Not really, but can you tell me the phone number and price range for your favorite one?
My favorite is fitzbillies restaurant. It's in the expensive price range and you can reach them at 01223352500.
I need a taxi to get between the two places.
I can book you at taxi from [ashley hotel] to [fitzbillies restaurant]. I would just need to know what time you'd like to leave and what time to arrive.
I need it by [21:45] from the restaurant to the hotel. I also want to know the car type and the contact number.
Ok great, I have you booked in a grey tesla and the contact number is 07579479936. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all thank you so much. Bye.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a hotel in the North with free wifi.
There are 5 hotels in the North that offer internet. Do you have a specific price range?
Any price range is fine but i do need free parking
How about the [Ashley Hotel]? It is a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free internet and parking.
That sounds great. I would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting Thursday.
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look at another location?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
Great! I was able to get you into The [Lovell Lodge] for 5 nights and your reference number is RIECNLUT .
Thanks so much!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


What can you dig up about the [pizza express Fen Ditton]?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
That's good, thanks. Could you book me a table for 3 on Wednesday at [15:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XIPJJBZO .
Thank you for your help.
is there anything else i can help you with ?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross on that same day.
There are actually 5 trains available that day. They are every other hour beginning at 5:17 and ending at 23:17. Would you like book one of these trips?
book one that arrives by [10:15] and goes to cambridge
TR3810 is your best bet. How many tickets will you be needing?
I will need 3 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : I4WFZDED . What else can I help you with today?
Great, what is the departure time for this train?
The departure time is 9:17.
Thanks - that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You are very welcome. Have a great day.


I'd like to find the [Lensfield Hotel].
The Lensfield Hotel is location on 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en. Would you like to look at booking a room?
Yes please I will be there three nights. Send me a reference number please.
Sure, I can do that. Can you let me know what days you would like to stay?
I'll be there on Tuesday.
You're all set; your reference number is: 0IKY6DF0 . I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town.
Should it be in the same area of town as the hotel?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre of town.
[adc theatre] fits those criteria. Would you like more information on it?
I need their entrance fee and phone number.
I do not know the entrance fee but the phone number is 01223300085.
I will give the theatre a call, thanks. I also need help with a taxi between the hotel and the theater, please.
and for what time please?
I want to leave by [8:15].
Your taxi reservation on a blue Skoda was successful. The contact number is 07066636790.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


Can you find me an expensive hotel?
I have 33 expensive hotels. How many stars and what part of town would you prefer?
I need one that includes free wifi
OK, does it matter the ratings or location?
The ratings and location do not matter. It must be an expensive hotel not a guesthouse. I will follow your recommendation for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.
There is the [huntingdon marriott hotel] which is 4 star in the expensive range with wifi. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes please. I will need it starting on Tuesday for 4 nights. There will be six of us staying.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Do you care whether the hotel is in the city center?
Nope. I just need the hotel to be expensive and include wifi.
I was able to book a room for you at the [University Arms hotel]. 4 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people. Your reference number is U5HXNKXO .
That sound awesome. Can I have the address?
Regent Street. Do you need anything else, today?
Great thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.


Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay. My family can't wait to visit some of the local attractions there.
I can help with that. Do you have a preference ?
They really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for hotels instead.
Where does your budget lie, between expensive and cheap?
Moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Weds and i need ref number
I have a place called the [Lovell Lodge]. I was able to book you successfully. Reference number is : MKVVDABX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called [byard art]
Byard Art is a fantastic free museum on the south side of town. It's located at 14 King's Parade, cb21sj.
What's the fee for that?
It is actually free. What else can I tell you?
I would like a taxi between the hotel and the museum.
Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by [24:45], so it will be from Lovell Lodge to Byard Art
I have your taxi reservation made. What else can I do for you?
Can I get the contact number and car type?
Of course! The car type is yellow Toyota. The contact number is 07952079804. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that'll be all. Thank you for your help.
you're welcome. thank you for using the system. have a good day.


I want [afghan] food in the centre of town.
What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will be fine.
What area are you looking for?
Centre part of town.
There are no restaurants that serve Afghan food in the center of town.
How about a place serving [Turkish] food?
There are three restaurants, the locations are Bridge Street city centre, King Street City centre, and the more expensive is on Mill Road city centre. Which do you prefer?
I don't care
[Anatolia] meets your criteria. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, what is their price range and address?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range and is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


Hello, I'm looking for a college to go to.
I can certainly help with that. We have 18 colleges around the city. Is there a certain area you prefer to visit?
What's the most popular? May I have the postcode, entrance fee, and what area is it in?
Christ's college is popular. It is in the centre and does not have an entrance fee.
Yes, thank you that will be fine.
[Christ's college] is located at saint andrew's street in the centre and their postcode is cb23bu.
Wonderful. I am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. I would like for it to have free wifi and in the west.
There are no establishments matching your criteria. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Can you then search for one that is in the South?
Yes. I would recommend [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] in the south.
Great. Can I book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Saturday?
Absolutely, I was able to book you, and your reference number is WQ2KJECE . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to look for a taxi to get between both places.
Please tell me which place will be your departure site and what time you need to leave.
I would like to leave the college by [18:30].
The booking is completed. I have booked car type : black skoda, Contact number : 07214711864
That's excellent, than you so much for your assistance.
No problem, have a great time.


I was in a car accident dispute and I need some help.
The Parkside Police Station can help out with your dispute. Their telephone is 01223358966 with a postcode of CB11JG Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was very thorough, I really appreciate the help. It's been a nightmare of a day.
i can imagine, sorry for your trouble!
Have a great day.
You, too. Let me know if I can be of any more assistance.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Sure, I can help you with all kinds of information. What do you need to know?
Are there any good parks to visit in the west?
Sorry, no parks in the west.
hmm, what about a college?
Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west! Some are free and some have a small fee. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, just pick one, please? I'll need the entrance fee and phone number.
churchill college would suit your needs. The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance fee is free.
I also need a train to Cambridge.
Is there a date and time that you would prefer?
Yes, on Monday and I need to leave after [16:15].
Ok wonderful, what will be your departure location?
I'll be leaving from Kings Lynn.
Okay the TR0415 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58.
Please book me 1 ticket for the TR0415.
Your train has been booked and your reference number is UXYKEGNB . May I help you with anything else?
That's it! Thank you for your help!
Sure, any time!


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 351707
Thank you. Goodbye.
Enjoy your dinner!


I am looking for [international] food anywhere in town.
There are 3 results for international restaurants. Do you care about the price range?
I don't care
bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street. Their phone number is 0871 942 9180. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a place to eat that is [japanese] that is in the mid price range please.
I'm sorry I do not have any Japanese restaurants in that price range. I do have one expensive listing. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Where area is it located in? I need it to be in the west.
It is in the city centre.
That won't work. How about an [Italian] restaurant in the west that is moderately priced?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday.
I have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday at Prezzo.


I'm looking for a museum in the western part of town.
There are 79 museums in the western part of town. Do you prefer a pay museum or one without an entrance fee?
Free is always good. Can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for one that is historical?
The Museum of Classical Archeology is a free museum, located on Sidgwick Avenue in postal code CB3 9DA. Their phone number is 01 22 333 5153.
Thank you. I'm also looking for the [panahar] restaurant, can you give me directions?
The address is 8 Norfolk Street City Centre and phone 01223355012. It's in the Centre just go down Norfolk if you are coming from the freeway.
Thanks, what is the price range?
Panahar is in the expensive price range, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks! I need their phone number and address, though, please.
Their phone number is 01223 355 012 and they are located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, CB1 2LF. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will do it, thanks!
Okay, have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a [Lebanese] restaurant in the centre of town.
[Ali baba] is a lebanese restaurant in the moderate price range in the Centre part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Ali Baba is located at 59 Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank you. Good bye.
You're very welcome. Have a good night.


i need to find a place to stay in the east side
I have 7 such places to stay. Is there a specific price point you would like to stay in or do you need parking and/or wifi?
I need a room in the expensive price range.
I think you would enjoy [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge].
I'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.
Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything 4-star rated that is expensive and in the east. Would you like me to try a different price range or area?
Yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead?
I would recommend [A and B Guest House]. It fits your criteria except it is in a moderate price range.
That sounds great! May I have their address, please?
A and B guest house is on 124 tenison road, cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Also I am looking for the address of a place called [williams art and antiques].
I found that for you. It is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and their phone number is 01223311687.
Thanks. I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.
Certainly. Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
I just need to leave the hotel by [03:45].
Your ride has been booked, it will be a white bmw. Call 07514195379 if you have any further questions.
OK, thanks. That's all I need today!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?
I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.
I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel. It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings. Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?
The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after [21:30] on wednesday.
I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.
I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday. It leaves at 23:00. Will that work?


I would like to contact the police.
The phone number for Parkside Police is 01223358966; I hope that everything is okay.
Thanks, what is the address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
That is all that I need right now. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome.


Hi, could you possibly help me find a train for my upcoming trip? I've been put in charge of the plans.
I can help you with that, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, going to Broxbourne. I would like to leave after [17:45] on Thursday.
There are five trains that meet your needs. Te earliest arrives by 19:01, the latest arrives by 24:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
May I please have the price first?
The ticket price is 17.90 pounds.What else may I do for you?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free parking.
I have three hotels that meet your needs. Is there a specific area you'd like to be in?
Broxbourne. And is should have free parking in the CHEAP price range. I am very frugal
There is The [Cambridge Belfry] located in the west. I'm not sure if this is the area you're looking for. Would you like more information?
What is the postcode? I want to make sure I don't have any enemies in the area.
The post code for the cambridge belfry is: cb236bw


Hi I'm looking to look at boats. Can you look at centre of town?
The [Cambridge Punter] is a boat located in the centre at 251a Chesterton Road.
I think that sounds interesting. Can you tell me their postcode?
The postal code for The Cambridge Punter is cb41as. Is that all you needed help with today?
Actually I could use some help finding an [italian] restaurant in the centre of town.
We have 9 Italian restaurants in the Centre, do you have a particular price range you are looking for?
It is a special occasion so it can be expensive!
[stazione restaurant and coffee bar] is a very popular expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre. It is located on Market Hill City Centre.
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 5 this Monday at [18:30]? I also need a reference number.
I made that reservation for you the reference number is 24H41KYZ .
Thank you! I will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.
Can you tell me what time you prefer to leave by or arrive by?
I need to get to the restaurant by [18:30]
Booking completed. The booked car type is a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07892783917.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful morning. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after [12:00] and departs from Cambridge.
I will also need your arrival destination and day of travel please to complete this request.
I would like to go to Leichester on Tuesday.
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Tuesday.
I have 12 trains that match your criteria. They leave every hour starting at 12:21. Do you have a preference of time?
That first one sounds good, the one that leaves at 12:21. Can you book that train for 2 people please.
Your total is 75.59 GBP, which you can pay at the train station. Your Reference number is : ATZTDM9Q .
I'm also looking for some entertainment around the center of town, do you have any suggestions
Sure, I can help you with that? Was there a type of attraction you were looking for?
I was actually looking for an entertainment venue.
I have nothing in the venue right now. Do you have other preferences ?
How about a theatre?
we got 4. can i recommend one?
Yes, please. I need the theatre's entrance fee, address and postcode.
I recommend the [adc] theatr, postcode cb58as, address park street. No entrance fee.
Ok that sounds perfect, thank you.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
That is everything thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for [Italian] food in the north part of town.
da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
May I have the address and phone number of [da vinci pizzeria]?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Please enjoy your day.


Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
I can offer your Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican food at expensive restaurants in the south. Which of these sounds good to you?
Which [Mexican] restaurant would you suggest? I need a table for 4 people at [14:00] on Friday
How about the [Chiquito Restaurant and Bar]? I will book it for you. Your reference number is 5I9ZH0LZ .
Also, are there any concerthalls in the same area of town as the restaurant?
I'm sorry, there are no concerthalls located in the south part of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That is too bad. Would there be any theatres?
[The Junction] theater is the only theater in the area. It's located on Clifton way, cb17gx. If you would like to call their number is 01223511511.
What is the entrance fee?
Unfortunately that information is not available in my database. I suggest calling ahead for entrance fee pricing. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
That should be it today, thank you!
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train to Broxbourne.
There are many trains available. Will you be traveling on a certain day or at a specific time?
I'll need to travel on Sunday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to arrive by [10:15] please.
TR4249 leaves at 06:01 and arrives at 07:01 giving you plenty of time. Can I book that for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 7 people. Can I please get the reference number after it's booked?
I have it booked for you. The total fee is 100.24 GBP and the reference number is JIXSCT7D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a cheap place to stay.
Do you have a preference for the area, stars, internet or parking?
I want it to have star of 4, and include free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Does location matter? The Alexander is a popular choice in the center, but Rosa's is a favorite in the south.
No, the location is flexible. Can you tell me if [Rosa's] offers free parking or wifi or both?
Yes, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provides free parking. Would you like me to book that for your?
Yes I need it for Friday for two nights for 7 people please. I will also need the reference number.
All set- your reference number is 9ZLD8Y9E . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all. Have a good night. Goodbye
goodbye, and you're welcome


I would like help booking a taxi please. I will need the Taxi to pick me up at the [Peterborough Train Station] at [18:45]
Okay, could you please tell me where you would like to travel to?
i would like travel to the [good luck] Chinese food takeaway. I also need the contact number for the taxi.
Taxi has been booked and it is a black bmw and the contact number is 07820748832. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all! Thanks.
You're welcome! Have a nice day!


I am trying to find the [Acorn Guest House].
The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the north side of town. It includes free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I will go ahead and book it myself. I think I have all the information I need. Thank you.
Thank you, and thanks again for using our free service.
Actually, could you help find a train as well? To Norwich?
I found a train from cambridge to norwich at 05:36 on Friday, will that work?
I need to leave after [21:30], is there anything closer to that time?
Yes there are 14 trains. Which day would you like to depart?
Sunday would be good.
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, just leave after 21:30. Will you give me the travel time, arrival time and the Train ID?
Id is TR0625, travel time is 79 minutes and you will arrive by 22:55. Anything else?
No, you've answered all of my questions. Thanks so much for your time. Bye.
Thank you for using our service, have a nice day.


I'm looking for a theatre in the center of town, please.
There are 4 theatres located in the centre of Cambridge. They are ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange
What is the entrance fee and address of the [ADC Theatre]?
ADC Theatre is located on park street. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Alright that's fine. Can I get a train that departs from London Liverpool Street and arrives there by [19:30]?
Is this for today?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.
There are 7 trains to cambridge that will arrive before 19:30. TR82260 arrives at 19:07 and departs at 17:39.Would you like to book this train?
I don't need to book right now. I just need the trainID and the ticket price, please.
Sure, the price for TR8260 is 13.28 GBP per ticket. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, that will be all.
Okay, have a good day. Goodbye.


I need a train to Norwich. I need to get there right before [20:45].
And what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday.
The train that arrives closest to 20:45 is TR9083 arriving at 19:55. Shall I book it?
Yes, I will need tickets for 5 people please and a reference number.
I was able to book that for you. The total fee is 70.4 GBP and the reference number is LIW5CYJ0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. Can you help me find a hotel?
Yes, I can definitely help you with a hotel. Do you have a price range, hotel type, or area that you are wanting to stay?
I would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 4 stars.
I'm sorry I have no expensive guest houses listed. Could I perhaps interest you in a more moderately priced guesthouse?
How about simply a cheap one?
There are 7 options available. Is there a specific area that you prefer?
No, I just need a place I can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, all hotels are asking you to book another day, or a shorter stay.
Can you check again? A cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting Saturday, for 5 people?
I did find a hotel for you. We've booked you at the [Alexander Bed & Breakfast] for 3 nights. Your reference number is 244GZSGM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester. I have to get there for a dinner by [19:15].
I can help with that. What day is your dinner?
It is on Tuesday.
I have train TR4506 that leaves at 17:21 and arrives in Leicester at 19:06. Would this work for you?
That's perfect. That's all I need for now.
Okay, your trip has been booked. Train# TR4506. Leaving at 17:21, arriving at 17:06. Total cost is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 244DG7UO
Can you possibly find me a swimming pool in the West?
There are no swimming pools in the west.
how about one that is in the type of college?
yes those we have quite a few of, how can I help you?
Any you suggest will be fine. I'll just need the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee, please?
Do you need free admission or pay to get in?
It doesn't matter, just pick the one you think is best!
Clare college is a nice place and phone is 01223336233


Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
Yes, I have two guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like to stay in the north or centre?
Do you have anything in the east?
There is nothing in the east with zero stars and free parking. Do you want to change the star rating or other criteria?
No can you please check in the north instead then?
The [city centre north b and b] meets your criteria. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation on Saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 2 nights.
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another hotel?
Yes i would like something in the same pricerange.
Nothing else is available on the cheap side. Something else perhaps? I am sorry.
You can change any other criteria, but the price range should be the same as the city centre north b and b. Please try again.
Booking was successful at [worth house]. Reference number is : E2KQ4G5L .
That's great. Thanks. Do you have their address?
The address is 152 chesterton road.
OK, I'm all set here. Thanks for your help.
Enjoy your stay at the worth house. Have a great day.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is an expensive restaurant on the South part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Is there anything else?
[Peking Restaurant] is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range. Do you need any additional information?
I need the address.
Peking is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Do you need their phone number?
No. this is it. thank you so much
You're very welcome.


I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay
Do you have a specific area or price range you'd like?
a guesthouse would be nice, it should have free wifi and parking and expensive price range
I apologize but there are not any guesthouses that meet those criteria. Would you like to try a hotel or perhaps a different price range?
Could you try one that is cheap?
I've got about 9 options that are cheap. To narrow it down, do you have a preference on the area of town you want to stay in?
Are any of those options that are cheap guesthouses?
Yes, they're all inexpensive guesthouses, though some are quite nicely rated, like Rosa's Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars.
That sounds nice, what area is that located in and what is their address?
Rosa's is located in the south area of town at 53 roseford road. Can I provide you with anything else?
I need a train to cambride.
There are several choices depending on what works for you. What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
Yes, the train should leave after [08:15] and depart from london kings cross on thursday.
Sorry, there are not trains this hour. What other hour do you prefer to search?
There are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Thursday? It doesn't have to be 08:15 exactly.
I have TR8410 departing at 09:17 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that for you?
What time does it arrive and how much will it cost?
TR8410 will arrive at 10:08 and the fare is 23.60 GBP per person.
Okay, thank you for that information. That is all I need for now.
You are very welcome! Call anytime for assistance and we will be happy to help you further. Have a fantastic day!


Hi I need a cheap hotel in the three star range, please.
There are no results in this area, but I could try and find something close to that if you'd like?
Ok. I would like it to be a hotel and have free wifi please.
The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel and has both free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am really looking for a hotel that is expensive. Does the [Cambridge Belfry] fit that description?
No. The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel.


I'm looking for a particular hotel called "[rosa's] bed and breakfast".
I've located Rosa's Bed and breakfast, would you like me to assist you with booking a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book a room for 3 people for 2 nights, starting from Sunday.
I have made your reservation. The reservation number is BNNZYCCS . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for [molecular gastronomy] restaurant located in the Centre that is expensive.
I am sorry. We don't have any expensive molecular gastronomy restaurants in city centre. Would you be interested in a gastropub instead?
Actually, how about [Chinese]?
We have 4 great places. I'm partial to the [Ugly Duckling], myself. Would you like to book a table?
Sounds great. I need that for 3 people on Sunday at [13:30] please.
Would you like me to make the reservation for you?
Yes, please!
I'm sorry, I am unable to book the table for that time. Is there another time, or restaurant you would like me to try?
Oh, that's a shame. Okay, can you try the same time on Friday instead, please?
second time is a charm, you are booked for friday, the reference number is YJR4PW5V, any other questions?
No that is all. Thanks!
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day.


Can you help me find a train headed to Cambridge on Sunday?
I sure can. Where will you be boarding?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street, and my train needs to leave after [12:30].
I have a few options, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.
I would recommend train TR6578
That's great can you book it for 8 people?
Absolutely your reference number is Z6QD1AXD
Awesome. I also need a [Hungarian] restaurant in the centre, please.
I don't have any Hungarian restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure. What about [modern European]?
Would you like a specific price range?
No, I'm not really particular about the price. Any modern european restaurant would be great.
I would recommend [Riverside Brasserie]. It's a moderately priced modern european restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please, same group of eight, Sunday, [16:45].
Your table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UQM6L628 . Can I help you with anything else today/
No thanks. That will be everything. Goodbye.
Alright. Have a nice trip!


I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves [austrian] food.
I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants in the north part of town.
[indian], please.
The Nirala is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range on the north side.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!


I need to find a place to stay. I want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I can do that. What area are you staying in, and what days?
I need the place to be a guesthouse.
sory can you teel as about star of the hotel and the place
Any guesthouse with free parking and free wifi will work. Could you tell me where one is and the # of stars?
I would recommend the Archway House, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north side at 82 arbury road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
No but I am needing a train to stevenage.
On which day will you be travelling?
We will travel on Friday.
There are 10 trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They run every 2 hours, and the first one is at 5:21. What is your preference?
I'll need a train that arrives by [10:15] and book for 6 people.
Ok, I've booked booked passage for 6 on TR6334. Total price is 76.8 GBP. Reference number is 9H137NC2 . Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been fantastic. Thanks for all your help!
Great, glad I could assist you. Have a good day!


I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
Meghna is an indian restaurant that meets your criteria. Would you like their location?
west part of town.
[Meghna] is located in the west part of town.
Can you please let me know the address?
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
Are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town? Can I get the address for another one?
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town. It is located at 21-24 Northampton Road.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I am going to cambridge for a one week holiday. I need to take a train from Leicester on Sunday.
I have several trains to bring you to Cambridge, the first one leaving Leicester at 5:09. Would that work for you?
Is there a train leaving after [15:30] on Sunday?
no but we have one leaving at 16.09
That'll do. I need 8 tickets.
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is KZ0FFG5R .
Thanks! i'm also looking for something to do in town, in the south.
What kind of attraction are you interested in ?
A college please.
There are no colleges in the south to visit. How about a museum instead? Byard Art is fantastic! Would you like some more information on it?
Wow, thanks. I might check them out later but the people I'm with think we should have a picnic in the park. Are there any in the south?
Yes, there are two. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Do you have a preference?
[Lammas Land Park] sounds like fun. Can you give me the post code, phone number and entrance fee please?
Sure the post code is cb22ad,phone number 01223302580,and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks a lot for the service.
Is there anything else I may help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.


Looking forward to visiting and seeing some local attractions. I am looking for a place to stay. Can you help?
sure, what area do you prefer and when is your stay if I may ask?
No specific area, but I would like for it to be expensive. It needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I have 5 listings available so lets narrow it down to one you may like. How about the star rating? Also do you need parking or internet?
I do need parking and wifi.
We have 5 options; two in the centre of town and one each in the east, south and west. Do you prefer 2, 3 or 4 stars?
i prefer the four star
Okay, I see two hotels. The Huntingdon Marriott in the west and University Arms in the center. Would you like me to book one of them?
Can I have the address, post code, and star of [University Arms]?
university arms hotel is a 4 star hotel located on regent street. Their post code is cb21ad
I am also in the mood for a museum.
There are 23 museums in the city. Do you prefer to visit one in a certain part of town
Somewhere near my hotel would be good.
Ok, I recommend the [whipple museum of the history of science], it's neat. Would you like more information?
Sounds awesome! Can you tell me the area it's in along with the postcode and address?
It is located in the centre and the postcode is cb23rh.
I'll also need the address please.
The address is free school lane. Can I help with anything else?
Okay that will be all today, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for an attraction focused on architecture.
All Saints Church is located in the centre of town and has a free entrance fee. Would this suffice?
Can I get the postcode for it as well please?
The postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. Are there any guesthouses nearby? It's okay if it doesn't include internet.
The alpha-milton guest house is a guesthouse in the north area and is moderately priced. It does not have parking or internet. Would you like to book a room?
No. I need free parking and a 4 star rating. Would you possibly have a guesthouse with that.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the same area as All Saints Church and is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It also has free parking and wifi.
That hotel sounds good to me. Thank you.
You're welcome and have a nice day!


Please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
There are many to choose from. What kind of food are you interested in? Asian, gastropub, indian, eupopean? Any idea?
A [gastropub] sounds great.
I suggest [the slug and lettuce] on Green Street. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes, please, I need a table for 8 on Tuesday at [17:45].
I got your table all booked, your reference # is: O33823V4 . Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like to find a place to go in town
Anything in particular you like to do?
How about a multiple sports place near that restaurant.
the cherry hinton village center is in the east, would you like the address?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.
01223576412 is the phone number. What else can I assist you with today?
I also need a taxi to go between the two.
Sure, where and when would you like to be picked up?
I will need to be picked up by [5].
Which place do you want to be picked up from?
From the [Cherry Hinton Village Center], please.
Okay, I have booked your taxi. It will be a black Volkswagen and your contact number is: 07019317320. Is there anything else?
Nope. I am all done. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day.


Hello, can you help me find information about [Finches Bed and Breakfast] in Cambridge?
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help. Have a good day!
Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!


Hello, can you recommend a cheap hotel with free parking, please?
Yes, I have found the [Cambridge Belfry] that is in the west part of town. Can I book this hotel for you?
Do they have free wifi as well as parking?
Yes, it has free internet and parking.
Is this a guesthouse?
No, it's a hotel. Would you like to book your stay?
You know, the part of town doesn't so much matter, I'd really like to find a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
the cambridge belfry is in the cheap prise range would you like a booking?
Yes please.
Great. How many people in your party, and what day will you be arriving?
There will be 8 of us for 2 nights starting saturday
I am having an issue booking your hotel room for you.
How about switching it to 8 people for 1 night?
I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available. Would you like me to double check for a guesthouse?
Yes please try again.
Okay I was able to book you. Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 91SNR681 .
Are there any fun places to go ?
Lots of exciting things include 13 in the west area, and type of place in mind?
I'm thinking a museum.
Can I recommend the cafe jello gallery.
That sounds fun! Could you tell me the phone number, area, and entrance fee for [cafe jello gallery]?
Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223312112, and the area is the west.
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I need train reservations from Cambridge to stevenage
I have located several trains departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage. To help narrow the search, do you have a particular day and time you want to leave?
Yes, I need to leave on Monday and arrive in Stevenage by [16:30] please.
TR2045 will arrive by 16:10 in stevenage, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 7 people.
Your booking was successful! The total fee will be 89.6 GBP and it is payable at the station. The reference number is 60H70LQF .
Can you also recommend a park for me to visit?
I can. I would personally recommend [milton country park]. It's free to visit and located in the north.
That sounds great, what is the entrance fee?
It is free! Would you like the address or number?
Holy Moly! No, thanks, that's everything I needed today.
So glad we could help. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!


I'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.
There are 33 different restaurants to chose from in your criteria. What type of food do you want?
Anything you can recommend would be fine.
If you're for something a little exotic, I recommend Bedouin, which is an expensive restaurant in the center of town serving African food.
That sounds interesting. Can you give me their phone number and postcode? Also, is there a train leaving at [11:45] on Wednesday?
Bedouin's phone number is 01223367660 and their post code is cb12bd. There are 256 train departures on Wednesday - where do you need to go?
I need to go from cambride to birmingham new street.
There are 12 departures. What time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to leave at 11:45
Unfortunately, I don't see anything for earlier.
Can you look again for 1 person?
Sorry, nothing before 12:01
What times are the 12 departures?
The train leaves on the :01 every hour starting at 10:01 with the final train leaving at 23:01
Okay, then I guess book it for [11:01] please. And I need a reference number please.
How many tickets do you need?
Just give me one.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP which is payable at the station. The Reference number is : VXSYVE96 .
Wonderful! Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that will be all. thank you.
Alright. Have a good day!


I am looking for something to do later in the centre of town.
Was there anything you were specifically interested in? For example there are museums and nightclubs.
I would like to go to a college in the centre of town.
Do you have a specific one in mind?
No, any one will be find. Will you pick one for me and send me the address information and phone number?
Emmanuel Colleges number is 01223334200, and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you, that is all.
Great. Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Sorry, actually I need an expensive restaurant as well.
Okay what type of food would you like to eat and in what area please?
I want to try [european] food wherever it may be.
There are five expensive european restaurants in Cambridge. I suggest eraina, which is also in the centre.
thanks that is all i needed for today
You're welcome! Have a great time!


Yes, I am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving [catalan] food.
I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants that fit your needs, would another food type work for you?
How about a restaurant that serves [British] food?
There are 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to book a table with one of them?
Can you recommend a good one for me? I'll need the address and postcode.
The Oak Bistro is my favorite. They are located at 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. I would like to go to a museum in the Centre of town. If price is no object, what's the best one?
There are quite a few museums in the centre of town, would you be interested in the Primavera or Cambridge Contemporary Art? If not there are others i can suggest.
The [Primavera] sounds good. Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode?
The Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade, postcode cb21sj. The phone no. is 01223357708. Admission is free! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the [Primavera] to [Oak Bistro]. Can you make sure I leave the Primavera no later than [17:00]?
Okay, I have booked a taxi for you departing from Primavera at 16:45. The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07439377051.
Wonderful, that is everything I needed. Thank You!
You are welcome. Have a nice day!


Hello there. Can you please find me a train schedule that leaves on Wednesday heading for Cambridge?
Yeah, I can do that. Where are you heading in from?
I'd like to leave from Broxbourne sometime after [12:30].
I have 12 available trains. The first leaves at 12:32 and arrives at 13:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
May I have the train ID for that one?
Certainly. That train ID is TR7834.
What is the travel time?
Travel time will be 60 minutes.
Thank you. That is all I will need.
Perfect! Have a wonderful day!


I need a train to get to [stansted airport] by [17:30]
do you have a day that you want to travel on ?
Yeah, Tuesday. Thanks.
I will also need your departure city.
cambridge. get me the travel time
There are trains on the :08 every hour on Tuesday. The one closest to your arrival time leaves cambridge at 16:40. It's a 28 minute journey.
I also need the name and number of an expensive place to dine in the city center. Whatever you recommend.
What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve [romanian] food
There are no expensive Romanian restaurants in the centre could I look fore something else.
What about something that serves [european] food?
I show three expensive European restaurants in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
No, thanks, I just need the address of one of them, please.
darrys cookhouse and wine shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
that is it for today thanks for helping
Glad to help enjoy your day.


Howdy, I'm looking for a place to stay. I don't care about internet.
There are 33 hotels in Cambridge. What price range would you like, and what area?
I would like a cheap hotel in the north please.
How about the worth house? It is a 4 star guesthouse and has free internet and free parking.
yes I like that one with the free wifi.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and make it for Friday for 2 days, and 2 people.
I booked you at [city centre north b and b]. Your reference number is Y87Q565O . Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.
You are so welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
There are 11 different hotels to choose from. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I prefer a hotel near the main street. I want a hotel that includes free wifi
Do you mean in the center of town?
Actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's moderately priced, 4 star, and offers wifi.
Carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately priced four star guesthouse with wifi and parking, in the east area. Would you care to make a reservation?
Sounds good. Starting Monday, please, for 3 people, 3 nights.
I'm sorry, there are no rooms available at that time. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
I suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 3 people.
I have a few rooms, could you tell me the area of town you would prefer?
It doesn't matter.
I was able to get you a room for 3 people for 1 night, starting Monday, at the [Acorn Guest House]. The reference number is GXTSRBY0 .
That is all. Thank you.
Thank you. We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, sure. Is there a certain part of town you're interested in visiting?
Yes, as I already mentioned, I want a place in the center of town. I'd also like to have [Chinese] food, please.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they're all in the moderate price range. If you like, I can book you a table at one of these?
Sure! Can you book just for 1 at [17:00] on Thursday?
I made a reservation for one at the [lan hong house]. Your reference number is 5TXC1HGX . Would you like their address or phone number?
No, the reference number is all I need. I will find it. Thanks!
Okay, great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it! Thanks for your help!
Awesome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [african] food.
The bedouin serves african food at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please.
[Bedouin] is expensive. Would you like to book there?
Yes. I want to book a table for 3 people on Tuesday at [19:45].
That time slot is unavailable. Is there another time slot you want to book?
Could you try [18:45] instead?
Your table has been reserved at for 3 at 18:45 on Tuesday. The reference number is IE3WWFDN .
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Good morning. I am planning a visit to Cambridge and need some help with details. I hear there are a lot of places to see.
There are plenty of attractions. What area of town are you interested in?
I am interested in the east part of town.
There are 10 different attractions on the east side. There's a boat, a couple of entertainment venues, a few museums, a multiple sports complex, a park, and a swimming pool.
Great! What I really need is a guesthouse in the East, What do you have available?
There are 6 guesthouses in the east area. What price range are you looking for?
Price does not matter but it needs to have free parking.
5 places offer, I recommend [warkworth house], would you like me to book you?
I would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Monday
The booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a preference for another day?
See if you can book 2 nights, please.
A reservation for 2 nights was no problem. Your reference number is OZ6M16DN .
Okay, what attractions are nearby the hotel?
what kind of attraction would you like? there are plenty
Take your pick. I am open to anything as long as it is in the east area.
I would recommend the funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and reachable at 01223304705
Alright I'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, I'll most likely leave the [fun house] at [6:00].
Alright it is done, look for a white toyota. The contact number is 07951320030 if you have any further questions.
Fantastic, you've been a great help!
Glad to be of service to you, Good bye.


Is there any moderately priced hotel that offers free parking by any chance?
There are several, is there a particular area you are interested in?
I'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 3 star rating.
well I have a few for you when is your stay?
Hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting thursday and need a confirmation number thank you
Booking was successful.Reference number is : B6H2PD8G .
I also need to find a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
I hev five options, on which location do you prefer?
i will act on your suggestion.
[Prezzo] is an italian restaurant on the east part of town in the moderate price range.
Can you reserve a table?
Yes, I can sure book that for you. What evening would you like in particular? How many will be dining?
Actually, I don't need a booking yet. You've told me that Prezzo is in the east. All I need is the postcode.
I'm sorry, prezzo is actually located in the west. The postcode is cb30ad.
Ok great thank you. That is all the information I need today.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I want to find an attraction called [Primavera].
Primavera is a free museum in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone?
Great can I get the postcode for it?
their postcode is cb21sj
Thank you. Have you heard of a particular restaurant, I think it's called [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]?
that is an expensive restaurant in centre. Would you like reservations
Yes I would, could you book a table for 2 at [18:15] on Tuesday?
I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is TD2BO4CX .
Thank you, goodbye, have a great day
Do you need me to book anything else or look up anymore info?


I am looking for information for [Warkworth House].
Certainly. The Warkworth House is a 4 star, moderately priced guesthouse located in the east area. The address is Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee. The phone number is 01223363682.
Thank you. Does this guesthouse provide internet?
Yes, would you like me to book a stay for you today?
Right now I am just gathering information. What is it's price range, star of the hotel, and also is internet available?
It is moderately priced, 4 stars, and internet is available.
I'd also love to go to a swimming pool. Can you find me one?
In the same area, you'll find the [Abbey Pool] and Astroturf Patch.
Oh thank you for that information. Are they reasonable?
Unfortunately I do not know the price. You can call them at 01223902088 for more information.
Okay, and what is the address and phone number for the Abbey Pool?
The phone number is 01223902088 and the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like you to book me a taxi from the [Warkworth House] to [Abbey pool] please. I need to leave the hotel by [8:30].
I have a red ford contract number: 07657516003. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all. Thank you!
Great! Have a nice day! Goodbye!


I want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.
What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter but it should be a guesthouse.
There are about 16 choices. Maybe we can narrow it down if you tell me what price range you were looking at?
guesthouses not hotel, sorry can you suggest one and give me their phone number please
I have 33 guesthouses all over town ranging from cheap to moderate. What area do you prefer and which price range will work for you.
As long as it's a guesthouse with 4 stars and free parking I will be happy. Which one do you recommend?
There are 16 all over town, that meet your criteria. If you could tell me which part of town you would prefer, that would help narrow the choices down.
Please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 4 stars.
The [acorn guest house] has parking and 4 stars. Their telephone number is 01223353888. May I help you with something else?
Can you recommend a [chinese] restaurant in the centre area?
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre in various price ranges. Which price do you prefer?
I don't care about the price. Can you recommend anything?
How about [Charlie Chan]? I go there alot, they are cheap and in the city centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a table for 8 people at [16:45] on Saturday?
You are booked as requester, the reference number is OQP3A7WA, any other questions?
I need a taxi also to get to the restaurant on time.
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
From the guesthouse to the restaurant
A blue honda is booked and the contact number is 07014435019. Thank you


Hi, can you help me find a train on Monday, please?
Sure, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester.
There are many trains available on that day. At what time will you be traveling?
I will be leaving by [5:15].
what is your destination?
It should go to leicester
Did you mean departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge? We do not have trains from Leicester to Leicester.
sorry, im going from cambridge to leicester
TR8631 will leave at 5:21 and arrive by 7:06. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 60SBSNJP .
Thank you for your time and help, sorry for the confusion. Have a great day !
have a great day too.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well.
Can you suggest places to go in town centre? I'm interested in a college. Let me know the entrance fee and the phone number please.
I have the downing college located at regent street with free entrance fee.
Please get me their phone number
I have several available. How does Christ's college on saint andrew's street with free entrance sound? Their phone number is 01223334900.
That is all.
Great. Glad I could be of help.


I am looking for train leaving on Friday.
Sure! What is your destination and departure preference?
I will be going to the lovely village of Kings Lynn, it be be after I get out of work, so I need to leave after [21:30].
There is a 12:11 is that is not too soon for you to leave.
I said 21:30. Try again.
I'm sorry I misunderstood you. There are 2 trains leaving after 21:30. TR0394 leaves at 22:11 and TR2311 at 23:11 both depart from cambridge.


A moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.
There are two restaurants in the south area, Pizza Hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum which serves modern European. Would you like more information?
I would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please.
[Pizza hut] cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and its number is 01223 323737.
What is the postcode?
The postcode for pizza hut cherry hinton is C.B.1 7 D.Y
Thank you, that'll be all!
Thank you and good bye.


I need a place stay, some place in the east with a 4 stars.
i found 6. what is your price range?
Something cheap, please!
Ok, there are three available. I suggest the [autumn house]. It has everything ytou need.
Can you tell me the address, including post code?
Autumn House address is 710 newmarket road, postcode cb58rs. Can I be of further help?
I am looking for [gastropub] food around the same area as the hotel
we have quite a few what price range are you looking at?
No particular price range. Which one do you recommend?
[Royal Standard] is a great gastropub located on the east side. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes, If you could that would be great. Thank you
How many people are in your party?
I need a table for 8 at [15:45] on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : DJFSO1BJ . Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Bye now!


I want a train leaving on thursday.
I show 404 rail departures on Thursday, can I get something specific for you?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne any time after [09:15].
TR6806 will leave at 10:01 and arrive at 11:01. The trip will take 60 minutes and it will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 4 people.
Ok. I booked four tickets for you. Your reference number is FRSZ5A8R . Can I help you with something else?
Im also looking for a place by the name of [milton] county park.
What information are you looking for?
I would like the phone number and postcode for it please.
The phone number is 01223420060 and the post code is cb46az.
Thank you! That's all I needed, thanks so much.
Sounds great, before i let you go, I just want to make sure we have covered everything that you need.
yes you did
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm traveling to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on friday.
Where will you be coming from, and what time would you like to depart from there?
I'd like to get on the train at London Kings Cross and arrive in Cambridge by [15:15].
TR4748 leaves Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Will that work?
That sounds perfect! Can I purchase 3 tickets on that train, please?
Ok, 3 tickets are booked! Your reference number is BDJACGOT . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a place to eat near the centre area. Can you assist me with that?
of course! i have many options for you in that area.
What I'd really like is [Spanish] food. What are my choices?
There are two different place: La Tasca and La Raza. La Tasca is moderately price and La Raza is cheap.
[La Raza] sounds great. Can I book a table for 3 on Friday at [19:15]?
It is booked! Your reference number is: KDXKRQCD . Can I help with anything else?
No that's it! Thank you for your help!
Glad to have been of assistance. Thank you for using our service, have a great day!


l am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [gastropub] food and should be in the center.
Alright, we have three restaurants available. Did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced?
It is a special occasion so I am hoping for an expensive place.
Okay, there's the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. I recommend backstreet bistro.
What is the address and post code for the one you say is best?
Backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa
Thanks so much, I don't need anything more today
You are very welcome, thank you as well. Have a great day, and let me know if you need any more assistance.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
There are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area. Would you prefer Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
I would prefer [Mexican]
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] serves expensive Mexican food in the south part of town. Would you like more info?
What is the address and phone number?
The address for the Mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the north part of town.
[allenbell] has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range?
I am not finding anything for allenbell that suit your needs
Then find me a place that DOES suit my needs.
How about [home from home]? It is in the north, moderate pricing and free parking.
Is that a 4-star hotel?
It does not show how many stars it has. Shall i keep looking?
I'm fairly certain that it should show how many stars the hotel has.
I'm sorry, we actually don't have any hotels that fit your needs; however, [Acorn Guest House] meets your criteria. Would you like to book that stay?
Okay, thank you! What is the star rating?
It has a rating of 4 stars.
That will do. Can you give me the information about the hotel?
acorn guest house is in the north with 4 stars the # is 01223353888 postcode cb41da address 154 chesterton road
Sounds good. Would you like me to make your reservation? if so, I'll need the dates you plan on staying.
Um, I should be asking you that. Would you like a booking?
Oh, silly me. I used to be in customer service. No, I don't need a reservation. I am looking for places to go around there though.
What type of attraction are you looking at?
Any kind, whatever you recommend. It should be located in the north.
we have a variety
Any kind that you recommend, as long as it is located in the north. I just need to know the attraction type of the one you recommend. Please.
I understand you want one north. However, what type of entertainment are you searching for?
any that you can suggestfor me
We have a park, 2 swimming pools and a boat attraction in the north. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
Yes, please find more information on the park and boat attractions in the north.
Riverboat Georgina is the boat attaction. Milton County park is the park. Entrance to the park is free. What additional information can I provide?
that is enough for today thank you
You're very welcome! Have a lovely trip!


Taxi to [de luca cucina and bar] please
What time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive by [15:30], please.
Do you want a taxi now ?


I'm looking for a train leaving on Friday that arrives by [1:45 PM]. Can you help me?
What city will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from Cambridge to ely.
There are four trains that can get you to Ely by 13:45, do you have a particular departure time preference?
I don't have a departure time preference. Can you let me know how much the price is for the earliest departure out of those four trains?
TR1709 leaves at 5:50 and is 4.40 pounds, there are later trains also at the same price. Would you like to book a seat?
No thanks. But can you find a restaurant that serves [lebanese] food in the centre?
You're in luck! There is one Lebanese restaurant in all of Cambridge, and it's in the center. [Ali] Bana, located at 59 Hills Road City Centre.
How is the pricing there?
Ali Baba is moderately priced. Do you need a reservation?
No, just the address and postcode please.
the address is 59 hills road city centre. the postcode is cb21nt.
Thanks so much! That will be all for today!
Thank you have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.
Does location or price range matter?
No but it would also need free wifi.
We have 21 guesthouses all over Cambridge, I can narrow that down further if you tell me what part of town you're interested in
I need the North part of town
How about the [acorn guesthouse]?
has it free parking?
Yes, the parking is free.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure can! What day are you checking in?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30
How many nights would you like to stay?
monday and I actually meant [17:30] and for 6 people. Sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.
But how many nights are you staying?
Just one please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2JXK0SQ0 . Anything else I can help with?
I would like the contact number an car type.
Sure. Where would you like to go to?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.
I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave and what restaurant?
Oh, I seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. Can you look up [Taj Tandoori] for me?
Sure, their number is 01223412299
I'd like to book a table at Taj Tandoori for 6 people on Monday at [17:30]
I have you booked the reference number is JQ0WQ39K . What else can I do for you?
I'll also need a taxi.
Where are you going?
I need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. Make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.
You are set, look for a white tesla, contact number is 07013573051, any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [thai] food
bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town.
Can I have the phone number and address please?
bangkok city restaurant is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I am looking for a place to eat. I want to eat [modern european] food in the expensive price range please.
We have just the place. Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop serves this type of food in the centre and is within the expensive range.
That sounds great! Could you give me the address?
Of course, the address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like me to try and book you a reservation?
Not now, but I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after [19:45].
I would be happy to look that up. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from stevenage on wednesday please.
I found 10 trains, do you have a particular time you'd like to go?
The only time specification is that the train leaves Stevenage after 19:45.
I have the TR4015 that leaves at 19:54. Will that work?
Yes, that will work. Can you please book 4 tickets for that train. And can I get the reference number please.
Booking was successful for TR4015, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : JZCOHGH8 . Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That was all the information that i needed, i appreciate everything you have done for me.
Thank you for using our system!


Are there any [Indian] restaurants there?
Yes, there are 22. What area would you like to dine in?
I want to dine in the west.
WHich price range do you want? I have expensive and moderate.
I would prefer moderate price range.
I have found one, Can I make a booking for you?
no, I just need to know the postcode.
The restaurant is called meghna. The postcode is cb43lf, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Anything else?
Got everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What sort of information are you looking for?
Can I have some information about the [Ashley hotel]? Does it have internet?
Yes, Ashley Hotel has internet and free parking. It is located in the north and is on 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like me to book a room?
What is the price range of the Ashley? Also, it's a hotel, right? not a guest house?
it is moderately priced. can i book for you?
Not at this time but I would like a train departing from Stevenage going to Cambridge on a Monday leaving after [15:00].
TR9525 leaves at 15:54 will that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 5 people. Kindly give me the reference number when you have completed it.
your all set ref # is 4HJ91CVH . Anything else today?
That is all, thank you!
Ok. Thank you and goodbye.


Do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? I'll need the address and phone number.
The Golden Wok is located at 191 histon road Chesterton. It's phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you good bye.
Enjoy your stay, good bye.


I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I need to arrive by [18:45].
Okay and what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I want to go from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Sunday.
The TR5298 train arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
book for 5people and get me the reference number
You are all set the reference number is FH7BXL3F, the 5 tickets will come to 40.4 GBP.
Are there any attractions when we get there?
There are many fine attractions in Cambridge. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Botanic Gardens in the center of town.
What about some kind of boating attraction?
There are 4 I recommend scudamores punting co it's located in the centre of town. Would that interest you?
Sure can you give me the postcode?
Sure, it's cb21rs.
Thanks, that is all for now. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
Okay! What kind of place would you like to go?
I'm wanting to see the new Reese Witherspoon movie. Would they happen to have a cinema in that area?
Yes, this is the only cinema in the area [vue cinema].
Could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?
Vue cinema is located in the centre of town. Their post code is cb11ps
Great! I also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?
There are more than two dozen expensive restaurants in that area. What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky. Whichever one you choose will be fine. I just need a phone number, address, and postcode please.
Alright It's called [Bedouin] it's an African cuisine. The information is the following; phone 01223367660, address 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd.
Can you reserve me a taxi? I need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies.
What movie theater would you like to go to?
Going to Vue cinema
Do you have a departure time ?
I want to leave the restaurant by [11:00].
Ok, I've booked you a taxi to the cinema. It's a black volkswagen and the contact number is : 07722633912
I need to buy a bus.
You need a bus as well as the taxi I already booked?
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 11:00
Yes, I already booked that for you. As I said before, it's a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07722633912.
Thank you for booking the car for me.
Would there be anything else ?
That is all, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.


Can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? I'm interested in a cheap [Mediterranean] restaurant.
[The Gardenia] in Centre meets your specifications, would you like the address?
That sounds like a great restaurant. Is it really good?
Yes, it is wonderful food in the centre of town. Can I reserve a table for you?
Sure! It's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at [18:00] on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number, too?
Great I was able to book that reference number is 3HFQTSAU .
Thanks so much. Are you able to help with train schedules too?
Yes of course, can I get information on your departure and arrival locations?
I need to travel from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.
What day and time are you wanting to leave or arrive?
I want to leave from Cambridge on Thursday and arrive by [16:00] on that same day.
How about the TR6456? It arrives at 15:08.
That will work. Could you reserve 4 seats on that train for me?
I was able to book you 4 tickets. Your reference number is R9X7VU6W . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is everything that I needed. Thank you so much for all of your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for using our service today.


I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving [persian] food.
There aren't any restaurants serving Persian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there [chinese] restaurants in the north part of town?
There are three Chinese restaurants in the north part of town. What price range would you like?
Any price range would be fine.
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the north part of town. Would you like me to list them?
Please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants.
Golden Wok is a chinese restaurant located in the north part of town, and the phone number is 01223 350688.
Can i have the phone number to one more restarant please?
The Hakka also serves Chinese food and is on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can help you with.
No, thank you. That is good. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Yes, I would be interested in the [British] food fare that is available. Just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice. Thank you.
Can I get the information on what area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Centre of Cambridge
I have 3 restaurants that meet your request. Would you like information on any of them? I recommend you check out The Cambridge Chop House.
The [Cambridge Chop House] sounds nice book me a table for 2 this Monday at [12:45] please.
That wasn't available. I did get a table at [Fitzbillies] though. It also meets all of your requirements. Your reference number is BLRXV0B0 . Is that all today?
Perfect! Thank you
Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Nope that's it! Thanks so much!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I'm looking for a train please going to cambridge.
I'd be happy to help with your request, to narrow it down where is your departure site and what time do you want to arrive?
I'm looking for a train leaving from london liverpool street after [20:00] on Friday.
How about train TR8373 that leaves at 21:39?
its ok. book for 8 people and help me get the reference number please
All right, that's done. Your reference number is 3S77WUWE . How else may I help you?
That was everything, thanks!
Have a nice trip thank you.


What do we have in Cambridge as far as [British] food?
I do not see any British restaurants in Cambridge but there appear to be several nearby.
Since I am only worried about Cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the centre area
I have 4 moderately priced British restaurants. [The Oak Bistro] is really good, would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book it for 8 people on Monday at [16:45].
Yes your reservation was successful! Your reference number is SG2ICMM6 .
I also need to get a train on the same day as the restaurant booking
I need to narrow this down a bit. Where will you be departing from and where will be your destination?
i'm leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.
How about train TR1347 that leaves at 06:16?
Does it arrive by 10:45?
It arrives at 7:35.
Okay can I book that for 8 people?
Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 70HPP0C2
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
OK, thank you for choosing to stay in Cambridge!


Are there any entertainment places in the east?
Yes! There are boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, sports, and more in the east. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference.
Can I recommend [camboats] in the east?
Yes, that sounds like a great choice. Can you give me the phone number for them?
The phone number is 01223902112.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn. I can't leave till after [18:00] though.
Where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge. I need to book for 7 people on that train. I will also need the reference number. Thanks a bunch!
What day did you want to travel on?
I would like to travel on Tuesday.
TR9452 leaves cambridge at 18:11 and arrives in kings lynn at 18:58. Will that work for you?
yes that's pretty good. Thanks!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need you to book that train for 7 please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : R5CBD0OD . Can I help with anything else today?
Great. You have been very helpful. That is all I needed. Thanks. Bye.
Have a nice day, goodbye.


Can you help me find a train coming from kings lynn leaving on sunday?
The TR6003 leaves on sunday. Would that work?
Does it arrive by [20:15]?
I will first need your destination city to determine that.
I am traveling to cambridge.
What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive as close to 20:15 as possible.
Train TR6697 arrives at 19:58, would you like to book this train?
No thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town though
Sure, what are you looking for in general?
I would like a museum.
We have lots of great museums here in town! Is there a certain part of town you will be exploring?
I think I'd like to explore the western part of town.
We have seven museums in the west. A lot of our visitors start at kettles yard which has free admission.
OKay great thanks for the info.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Again thanks for the resources. Have a great day.
i am happy i have been of help to you. good day


I am looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free wifi.
I have 2 cheap guesthouses and moderate to expensive hotels in the center of town. Do you have a preference?``
Moderate would be best.
[Cityroomz], located at Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road is moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they offer free wifi? If so, I would like to have the address, please.
Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests. The address is: sleeperz hotel, station road. Anything else I can get you?
i also looking for places to go in town.The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the same area as the hotel
There is no entertainment in the same area would you like somewhere else
Okay, could you look for one that is architecture instead?
There are actually 5 architectures in the area. Would you consider the [all saints church]?
sounds good. Does it have an entrance fee?
no, all saints church is free of entrance.
That's all i need. you have been very helpful. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Have fun in Cambridge!


I am looking for things to do in Cambridge. Can you tell me if there are any nightclubs?
ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town, would you like more details?
How much is it to get in to ballare? And which area is it in?
Ballare's entrance fee is 5 pounds and they're located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks a bunch! Bye!
You're welcome, have fun!


Are there any sports related entertainment venues on the west side of Cambridge?
I have no entries for that area,would you like me to check another?
Can you look for a museum in that area?
sorrry i could not find a searching matching the same
You couldn't find a museum in the west area?
Sorry yes I did, would you prefer free or is a entrance fee okay?
Either a fee or not is fine it woes not matter.
I have the lynne strover gallery or kettle's yard in the west that is free.
What is the address for Lynne Strover?
The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Thank you, we will try there! Now I need help finding a restaurant that serves [African] food that is in the same location as the museum.
There are no results for that. Is there a different type of food you'd like to try in that area?
Is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves [British] food?
There are 3. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Which would you prefer?
It does not matter. Just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at [13:45] on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VAGMWR8S .
Okay thanks. That's all for now. Bye.
Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for information on [Churchill College].
I'll be happy to assist you. Churchill College is located in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes. What type of attraction is Churchill College? Can you also give me the phone number and the address?
Churchill college is a college, their phone number is 01223336233, and address is storey's way
I'd also like a place to stay in the center of town.
I have 5 different types of places to stay in that area. Do you have any preferences?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please. 0 stars would be fine.
I have found a hotel meeting your preferences called [cityroomz]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need a room for one person and I'd like to stay for 5 nights beginning on Thursday.
I'm sorry, but that time is not available. Could we try a different day or stay length?
Can we try for 4 nights please?
Your reference number is 4KU5EHEL .
Thank you. That is all I need!
Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you. I intend to!
Great. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.
I just happen to have one place that is cheap in the east. They serve international food. It's called the Missing Sock. Would that be of interest to you?
Do they serve International food? That's what I was hoping for!
They do serve international food.
No thank you that will be all
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day.


I'd like a train to Ely that leaves Wednesday.
Easy enough. Where is your departure point?
Cambridge. I would like to leave after [15:30] if possible.
TR6745 departs cambridge at 15:50 Wednesday, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Will that one work for you? It's only 4.40 GBP to ride.
Great can I book that for 8 people and get a reference number please?
You are booked for 8 seats on TR6745 leaving Cambridge Wednesday at 17:50. Reference # is OCWICAXZ and you can pay at the station. 4.40 pounds each.
Thank you. That's is all I need. Goodbye.
Welcome. Have a lovely day.


Hello, can you recommend local restaurants?
I have many options for restaurants in the area. Is there a certain type of food you would like me to find information on?
No. I am interested in the [Cambridge Arts Theatre]. Can you provide me with the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223503333, and their postcode is CB23PJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the theatre info. Let's go back to the restaurant search. I feel like [Spanish] food, in the moderate price range, please.
[La Tasca] sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at [14:30]. And I will absolutely need a reference number from you
You are booked with reference number NK0DZ1YI . Anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.
Ok. I will be happy to help you with that. Where will the taxi pick you up?
Can the taxi pick me up from the [Cambridge Arts Theatre].
Where would like the taxi to take you?
To [La Tasca], by [14:30]
yellow audi Contact number : 07845910981 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Great, thanks for letting us help you!


Hello, I am looking for a local restaurant that serves [indian] food and is located in the centre of town.
We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre. If you have a price range preference, we have both cheap and expensive options.
I would like it to be an expensive place to eat.
I recommend [curry king]. their phone number is 01223324351.
I would actually like to book a table for tuesday.
How many people and what time would you like me to make your reservation?
I have a party of 8 and need it for [14:45]. Can you help me with that?
Sure for what day?
on tuesday. book and give me the reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KGMVNKJM .
I would also like to find some where fun to go in the centre of town.
Hm, there are quite a number of places to visit in the town centre. Could you give me an idea of what you're looking for? A museum or church? Or something different?
I was looking for something for a type of multiple sports.
I dont have that in the centre. Would you like to try something else ?
How about a swimming pool?
There is [parkside pools]. Their address is gonville place.
Okay, what are the hours they're open?
I do not have that information.
Okay, that's all I need. Good bye.
Have a good time! Good bye.


Hello, I need some assistance with finding a nice [Italian] restaurant in centre of Cambridge.
How much money did you want to spend?
I am interested in cheap restaurants.
Great! How about [Ask] restaurant, at 12 Bridge Street City Centre? May I book you a table?
Yes please, just me on Tuesday, at [15:30].
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ASSBU60Y . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay for the night, and I can't break the bank on it either.
We have many inexpensive hotels. Did you have any area in mind?
Any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a guesthouse.
I recommend the [Alexander Bed & Breakfast] in the center of town. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse.
That sounds great! Can you book a room there for 3 nights? Just me, and I'll be arriving on Tuesday.
Your booking was successful, the reservation number is JPAQ0BHO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by [15:30].
Your booking is completed. The car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07653774441. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I think you took care of everything. Have a nice night. Bye.
Enjoy your time! Goodbye!


Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help with a particular attraction.
Ok. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I believe the name is [Clare Hall], do you have the address and phone number?
Clare hall is located on herschel road and their phone number is 01223332360
That's it, thank you. I'm also looking for info on trains that leave Bishops Stortford on Thursday.
I have ten trains that match that description. Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and would prefer to leave after [08:45]
Train TR0798 leaves Bishops Stortford at 9:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I can do that after I discuss it with my boss. Thanks for your help with everything today. Goodbye.
Glad I could help!


Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north side?
There are 5 available. Do you want to specify a food type?
Yes, are there any that serve [persian] food? I would also like a phone number.
None of them serve persian food. Would you like to search for another option?
It doesn't really matter then. I just need to know the type of food, name of the restaurant, and their phone number.
May I suggest [Hakka]? It is a Chinese food. The phone number is 01223568988. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 2 star hotel.
May I suggest the Ashley Hotel, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or the Lovell Lodge as recommend hotels to stay in. These are all two stars hotels.
Can you please send me reviews
there are no reviews available at this time for the three hotels mentioned.
Do they include free parking?
The three hotels have parking, but I am not sure if it is free. Would you like me to call and check?
No. But I also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by [20:00]. Could you provide a contact number and car type with my taxi booking please?
In order to book the taxi could you please tell me your destination?
Yes, from Hakka, to the [Ashley Hotel] please. I want to leave Hakka at 20:00.
OK, I have a taxi booked for you. The car will be a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07941022282. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need for today. Thank You!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the north part of town.
I found 11 moderately priced hotels on the north side. Is there a star rating you would prefer? What about parking or internet?
I don't care about star rating so much, but it the hotel needs to include free wifi.
There are 10 hotels which match your requirements. Do you need parking?
Yes I need parking.
How about the [acorn guest house]? It has parking and wifi.
That will work. What is the phone number, address, and star rating for the hotel?
Sure, the phone number is 01223353888, the address is 154 Chesterton Road, and it has a 4 star rating.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel can you help me out?
How about the the nirala? They are moderate price range and are in the north.
Is there one that serves fusion food and if they don't, is there any that serve indian food?
I don't have fusion, but the [nirala] serves [indian] food in the north area, and is moderate priced.
That sounds good. I need a table for two at [16:00] on Thursday.
Okay, I have that booked for you, Thursday at 1[6:00] for two people. Here is your reference number: W7R9KEYJ . They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. Can you also help me find a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to my hotel?
I have booked a black honda for you that will arrive at 18:00. Please call 07851425026 if you need to adjust the pick up time. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I actually need to arrive by [16:00] at the restaurant so the 18:00 will not work.
Do you want to go from the restaurant to the hotel, or from the hotel to the restaurant? Your restaurant reservation is at [16:00].
From the hotel to the restaurant, please.
I have booked you a grey BMW from Acorn Guesthouse to Nirala in time for your reservation at 16:00. Contact number is 00273193767. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great thank you very much that's all the info I need.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.


Can you direct me to the closest police station?
Yes I can. The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Can you please give me the postcode and phone number?
The phone number is 01223358966 and the postcode is CB11JG.
Ok, I've got it. Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Mexican] food.
[chiquito] restaurant bar serves mexican food in the south part of town. Would you like their location?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and postcode please.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The postal code is CB17DY and the phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome! Goodbye.


I need a train to stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by at least [21:45]
I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel on? Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge on Monday.
The TR4015 will get you in at 21:08. Will that work for you? Or would you like to get in a little sooner?
No thats fine and that will be all thank you
If there is nothing else I can do for you, have a great day and thank you.
Actually, could you just give me some information on [sesame restaurant and bar]?
Yes, sesame restaurant and bar serves chinese food and is in the expensive range. They are located in the centre. Do you have any other questions about them?
Just their address and phone number please.
The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre and the postcode is cb21nw. Is there any other informaton I can help you with?


Are there any expensive [Portuguese] restaurants in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, no there aren't any of those.
Oh no, not even in the west part of town?
Cambridge does have two Portuguese restaurants, but they're both cheap and they're not in the west.
I really need something in the west. Could you try [Indian] food instead?
I have 5 expensive restaurants in the west side of town. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. They are located at 37 Newnham Road, Newnham.
The [Rice Boat] would be lovely. I'll need a table on Friday at [19:00]. It should be for 4 people. I'll also need a reference number, please?
Yes I got that for you and your reference number is UJWYM7ZY .
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area with zero stars.
I'm sorry, there are no matches.
Are you sure? A 0 star HOTEL in the west side of time. Please check again.
No hotels or guesthouse in the west, can I try an alternate search?
Could you try looking for a guesthouse in the 4 star range?
Ok i have the [finches bed and breakfast] for you.
Okay, great. I'll need to book for Friday, 2 nights, and 4 people, please?
Done! Your reference number is 1FPC2TWB . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today. Thanks!
You're very welcome! Bye!


I am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi.
I have many guesthouse to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I don't care about that. I would like it to have a 4-star rating.
The [Acorn Guest House] fits your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?
Yes, the Acorn guest house offers free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thanks just needed a recommendation on a place to stay.
Is there anything else we can help you with?
Just the postcode for the Acorn, please.
The postal code is cb41da.
Great. Thanks for all your help.
I hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye!


I want to find a nice, expensive place to dine in the centre.
i have 33 to choose from. what is your prefered type of food?
I want a place that serves [astropub]
[Backstreet Bistro] is my favorite. They're located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 2 people at [11:45] on wednesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV7CR016 .
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel with free wifi.
What area of town are you looking to stay and what price range are you looking for?
I want a hotel close to Backstreet Bistro. Not too expensive.
[Cityroomz] is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town with free WiFi. Can i book a room for you?
Yes book room for 2 starting Wednesday for 5 nights and get me reference number.
Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time. Would you like the number?
Could you retry, only starting on Wednesday?
The booking system is not working at this time.
Are there any expensive hotels in that area?
The booking system is back up, so I went ahead and completed the reservation for you at Cityroomz as requested. Your reference number is ORTE2F27 . Anything else?
Great, thank you. I'm good to go now. Bye!
I'm glad we could help. Have a great day.


Don't care about price, just looking for [thai] food.
there is Bangkok city which serves Thai food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?
The phone number for [Bangkok city] is 01223 354382 and the address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye!


Hello are you familiar with [Rosa's] bed and breakfast? I've been looking for this hotel for forever!
It's a guesthouse in the south, located on 53 roseford road, cb22ha. It's a cheap 4 star hotel with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Okay. yes let's book it from Tuesday for 4 people for 5 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JPK1Y99E . Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, thank you for the help.
Have a great trip.
Wait, can you also find me a place to dine?
I most certainly can. What type of food are you interested in? Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
Im looking for a place that serves [Swiss] food, more on the expensive side.
I'm sorry. I don't see any restaurants that serve Swiss food at any price range. Would you like to try a different cuisine in the expensive range?
Yes [Korean] please, I love that BBQ LOL
I found [Little Seoul] located in the centre in the expensive range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, 4 people at [14:30] on tuesday.
Please find a taxi for me that can commute us to that location!
You seem nice, but I would rather just have this meal with my group, plus you have access to the taxi system, not me., but thank you for help
I have you booked at Little Seoul. Your reference number is GHPSLEDY . Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No. Thank you. The lodging and dining were my concerns. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting me assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


I am looking in town for a hospital with a [paediatric clinic]
Addenbrookes Hosptial on Hills Rd. in Cambridge has a paediatric clinic.
I need the address and phone number and postal code
Great. Thank you and goodbye.


I'm looking for a train to Stevenage, please.
There are 70 trains departing to Stevenage. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive by [21:00] to cambridge.
I have many options available. May I have the departure site please?
I am departing from Stevenage. I need to book seats for 8 people to Cambridge on a Saturday to arrive by 21:00.
I have several trains that will arrive in Cambridge by 21:00 what time of day would you prefer to depart?
Early evening please.
Could you please specify a precise time you would like to leave.
Close to arriving by 21:00. I need to book it for 8 people for a Saturday.
TR6759 leaves Stevenage at 19:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:43. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like 8 tickets please. May I also have the reference number? .
Your booking was successful. The reference number is IQC4RP3I, and the total cost will be 81.92 GBP. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.
I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that match your criteria. Would any other area, price, or internet availability be acceptable?
How about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?
There are 3 guesthouses available, 2 of them have free parking.
Can I have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? I would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.
The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702. The address and postcode is 124 Tenison Rd, cb12dp. It is a 4 star guesthouse.
Thanks! I think that's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for info on a restaurant called [La Tasca].
La Tasca is a moderately-priced spanish restaurant in the city center. It is located at 14-16 Bridge Street. The phone number is 01223464630. Do you want reservations?
What is the price range?
The price range for La Tasca restaurant is in a moderate range.
And what's the post code that goes with that address?
The postcode is cb21uf. Anything else can I do for you?
Yeah, I need information about colleges in town. Can you help me with that?
There are 18 colleges in town. Is there a certain area you would like to visit?
I will take the address, phone number and fee for the one you recommend
I would recommend Trinity College. They are in the centre of town. Their entrance fee is 1 pound. You can find them on Trinity Street. Their phone is 01223338400.
That's really helpful. Thanks. I think thats all I needed. Have a nice day. Bye.
Have a good day, goodbye.


I need a place to stay while I'm in Cambridge. Can you recommend some place in the centre of town?
Sure, do you have a specific price range in mind?
in the moderate price range please with free parking
I'm sorry, the only moderately priced hotel does not have free parking. However, there is a 4 star inexpensive hotel that has both free wifi and parking?
How about one in the north area?
There are 7 guest houses and 2 hotels that are in the north in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference for type or number of stars?
I'll take the first one you have listed, and I need to know the star rating, phone number, and postcode please.
The acorn guest house meets your criteria. It is 4 stars, phone number 0122335388, and postcode is cb41da. Shall I book a room for you?
No I just needed that information. I am also looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge.
Ok, and what day would you be traveling?
Sunday, thank you.
What time would you like to depart Peterborough?
I want to leave [after 11:45.]
Train TR9345 leaves at 12:19 and arrives at 13:09. Would you like to book it?
Not right now, but I do need the travel time and fare, please.
The travel time is 50 minutes and the fare is 13.20 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all, thank you for your help today!
You are very welcome! Have a safe travel!
Thank you for you help>
Not a problem at all.


I am looking for a train departing for Cambridge after [8:15am.]
I have a train leaving from london kings cross on friday leaving at 9:17. How does that sound?
No thank you, I would like a train that is leaving on Thursday and departing from Kings Lynn.
these are the possible options trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR1612 kings lynn cambridge friday 09:11 09:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes TR1958 kings lynn cambridge friday 10:11 10:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes TR3147 kings lynn cambridge friday 11:11 11:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes TR6454 kings lynn cambridge friday 12:11 12:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes TR0674 kings lynn cambridge friday 13:11 13:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes
Please pick a train that leaves after 8:15 and going to cambridge. I need the travel time and price.
TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58 with a travel time of 47 minutes. The price is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I needed.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.


I need lodgings, and I'd like to stay in an expensive guesthouse.
Our database doesn't list an expensive guesthouse, would you like me to try something else?
I would like a 4 star hotel, in an expensive guesthouse please. Thanks!
I don't have anything in that area that meets those criteria. Can I try searching something else?
What about a moderate priced one instead?
I have 11 results. Do you prefer to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't have an area preference.
I located [avalon] guesthouse located north, is a 4 and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for how many guest, days and starting on what day?
Do you know what area that is in and whether they have internet?
They are wifi capable and in the north area, would you like more information or a booking?
Can I please have the address along with post code?
Sure, the address is 62 Gilbert Road and the postcode is cb43pd.
Thanks, that takes care of everything for me. Have a good one!
Have a great time on your trip.


I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge with free parking.
There are 8 hotels that include parking. Is there a specific area or price range that you would like to stay in?
No, although I would like them to include free wifi as well.
I have several options. How about the [Ashley hotel]? It's in the north.
That will be fibne,I need you to book it for me
Ok, I need some information to complete your booking. What day will you arrive?
Any day is fine after 7:45.
How many days will you be staying?
Lets not book the hotel. Can you help find me a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday that leaves after [19:45]?
Shall I go ahead and book you for train TR0615?
Yes, for 4 people please.
Your train is booked and the total fee is 56.32 and the reference number is FW5RK2C9 . Can I help you with anything else?
Great, can I get the area for the hotel as well please. Just wonder what part of town it's in?
The Ashley hotel is in the north area. What else can I do for you?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help!
The booking was successful! Enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for a guest house in Cambridge, please and thank you.
There are many guesthouses available! Is there a price range you prefer?
I'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star guesthouse. Is there one in the north?
I have the [city centre north b and b] located at 328a histon road. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range and do they have wifi?
There is only one hotel and it is cheap.
Does it have wifi?
Yes they do have free wifi and free parking as well. Would you like to make reservations?


Hello! I am looking for places to stay in Cambridge. Can you help me with this?
There are several guesthouses where would you like it and what price range?
I would like an expensive place in the north.
Unfortunately, I do not have any expensive hotels or guesthouses in the north. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Can we try to find one that is in the East please?
I have one, would you like me to book it ?
Yes, for one person and four nights on Thursday.
I do apologize, but it looks like it's all booked. Perhaps try a shorter stay or another start day?
Could you try to book it for one night instead?
I was able to book [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. 1 day with 1 person. Your reference number is XLN3932A .
Thanks. I also need a train to leicester. Can you help with that?
Sure! First, can you confirm that you are departing Cambridge?
Yes. I would like to leave at [15:15] on Friday.
I have a train to Leicester departing Friday at 15:21. Does that work for you?
Yes, can I get the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1WOTPNYE .


I would like a cheap restaurant that serves [greek] food
I cannot locate a cheap Greek restaurant. Is there another one that you are interested in.
Please check for [Italian] food. I will also need the address and phone number.
There are 5 entries for Italian food in the cheap price range. Is there an Area of town that works best for you North, Centre, or West?
It doesn't matter.
How about Da Vinci Pizzeria? It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our service, good bye.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food, it is in the South Part of town, and the price range is expensive. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and phone number for [Frankie and Bennys]?
frankie and bennys address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223 412430
thank You
You're welcome. Is there anything else?
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the south part of town
No, that was it. Bye bye.
Goodbye


I'm looking for something to do.
Found a place you might be interested in visiting The [Cambridge University Botanic Garden]
that is great. please get for me the entrance fee, address, and phone number.
The entrance fee is 4 pounds, the address is on Bateman street, and the phone number is 01223336265.
I need a place to stay too. Could you give me information on the [alpha-milton guest house]?
It is in the moderate price range with no internet or parking. Phone is 01223311625. Would you like a room booked?
Yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 8 people starting Saturday? I will need a booking reference number as ell.
Ok your booking was successful. The reference number is T8E1KFUW . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need today. Goodbye.
It was a pleasure helping you today. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


I am looking for a museum to visit.
There are many museums in town. Do you have a preference in area?
No, what can you recommend?
Do you like modern art? [Cambridge Contemporary Art] is great, and admission is free.
Well, the price is great. What is there postcode?
Their postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I would like to book a reservation at an [indian] restaurant in the expensive price range
You can try [taj tandoori] in the west. Need a reservation?
No, I'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the south?
There is a location also on the south.
Can you book a table for 1 at [14:15] on Sunday?
Booking was successful at taj tandoori The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : BNF7N69I . Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.


I need information on a hotel named,"r[osa's bed and breakfast]".
Rosa's is located in the south and is cheap. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I just need their post code.
Sure, it is cb22ha. Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I also am looking for a restaurant called [Stazione Resaurant and Coffee Bar].
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an expensive italian restaurant located in the centre, shall I make a reservation for you?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[the missing sock] is a cheap restaurant in the east .
What is the address and phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
OK, thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive [French] restaurant.
There are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry, Cote in the Center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Would you like more information on either?
Can I get the address of one place?
[Cote] is located at Bridge Street City Centre.
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You are welcome and Thank-You.


Hi, Have you heard of the [J Restaurant]? I'd like some information about it.
It's a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre area of town. Would you like to book a table?
No thanks. That's all I needed to know.
Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
No, that should do it. Later.
Have a wonderful day!


I'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive.
There are five restaurants matching your request. What kind of food would you like?
[Chinese] food sound good.
[yu garden] serves chinese food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
What is their address and postcode?
yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you goodbye.
thank you and good bye


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town.
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One specializes in Indian cuisine and the other is a Chinese restaurant.
I want the [indian] one. What's the address and phone number ?
The Indian restaurant is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966
Thank You very much
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!


I would like to book a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant if you can find one please.
We have a few options available to you, is there a particular area you are looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the moderate price range. The restaurant should be in the east.
I have one place. It is the [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton]. They are located on Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Can I reserve you a table?
Sure. I need a reservation for 4 people at [17:00] on Sunday.
I was unable to book you at that day and time. Might you consider another day or perhaps another time?
Can you try [16:00] instead please?
That time worked! Your reference number, should you need it, is FVNMSUUO . They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
Yes I need a train going to broxbourne Monday.
Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne leave every hour starting at 5:01 AM. At which time would you like to leave?
After [13:30] on Monday.
TR9605 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 15:01, the cost per ticket is 17.9 pounds. Would you like me to book you?
I don't think I'll book just yet, but thank you for the information. To confirm, the travel time is 60 minutes?
Yes it's 60 minutes, is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that will be all. Thank you.
Have a pleasant stay. If there is nothing else, thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


I would like to find some entertainment in the centre of the city.
I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I check something else for you?
How about some architecture to visit in the center?
I am showing 5 architecture in the centre. I could recommend [all saints church].
Ok, what's the phone number?
They are reachable at 01223452587, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, please find a restaurant in the moderate price range and same area as the attraction.
I am showing 21 restaurants in that area and price. Is there a certain cuisine you would enjoy?
How about [portuguese] food?
Unfortunately, there are no portuguese restaurants that meet your requirements. Can I look for something else for you?
How about [international] food?
I am showing two international restaurants near the centre. [The Varsity Restaurant] and Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information on either one?
Please book the Varsity for 5 people on tuesday at [17:00].
Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number E8SV1E0D . May I assist you with anything else?
That is all thanks.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge, that leaves around [16:00].
Sure. Where would you like to depart from?
Kings Lynn after 16:00 on Saturday, please.
TR4235 departs kings lynn at 16:11 and arrives in cambridge at 16:58. Would you like to book passage on that train?
What is the price on that trip?
The price of TR4235, departing Kings Lynn at 16:11 on Saturday, is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book passage on that train?
No. Not right now. thank you very much for your help today.
Ok, is there anything else you need assistance with?
No that is all for the time being. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip. Are you quite sure there's nothing else I can help with?
I actually do need the price for that train please.
The price is 7.84 pounds.
Thanks. That's all I wanted to know.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That's all I need. Thanks!
Let us know if you need anything else.


I'm trying to find a hotel called [Worth House]. Can you help me?
Sure. Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road. It's phone number is 1223316074. Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.
I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.
I have that booked for you and your reference number is FTVOQPHP .
I also need a train.
Okay! What day are you needing to take the train? Where would you like to go? Do you know where you would like to depart?
I would like to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
What is your destination? Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive, please?
The train should leave after [10:45] and should go to bishops stortford.
The first train leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Sunday departs at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes book the tickets please.
You are booked. Your reference number is FTVOQPHP
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you, good bye!


I am looking for a train to ely on wednesday.
Where are you leaving from?
should depart from cambridge at [17:15]
I can get you on a train leaving Cambridge at 17:50.
That won't work I need to arrive by [17:15].
I have the TR1549 leaving at 17:50 and it will be arriving at 18:07 is that a little better for you?
No that still won't work. Is there anything earlier please?
I've got a train that will arrive at 16;07 or if you prefer earlier, 14:07. would you like me to book one of those for you.
As long as I am there by like I said earlier, 17:15 so yes the 16:07 will work for me. I am also looking for attractions in south
How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book any train tickets, thanks. What attractions do you recommend in the south?
There are 8 attractions in the south. I would recommend the Byard Art museum which has free admission. Do you need a booking , or need help with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your help.
If you decide you need something else please contact us. Enjoy your trip.


Hey there, I'm craving [Chinese] food. Where in the centre can I find some?
Do you have a price range I can narrow it down with?
Yes moderate would work best for me.
[Jinling noodle bar] looks like a good choice, would you like to try that?
yes please with phone number
Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced chinese place in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223566188. Do you need a reservation?
No, I can make one myself later. Can you help me find a place to stay in the same area as the restaurant?
We have several options in the center of town. The best is the University Arms, which is 4 stars and expensive.
I would like it have rating of 0 stars.
It looks like there is a guesthouse and a hotel that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference?
A Hotel That is a 0 star rating,would you like a booking
There is one named [Cityroomz] in the centra area. It's moderately priced. Does that sound good?
Yeah, that'll work. What's the address?
it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road, anything else for you today?
Give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave the hotel at [19:15].
Booking completed! Booked car toyota: red tesla Contact number: 07625387380 Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have taken care of everything for me. Thanks for being so helpful. Bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I am planning to visit cambridge and would like a train leaving on thursday.
No problem. Which station will you be departing from?
Stansted airport. Also, if I could arrive by [11:00] that would be great.
Train TR0031 departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52. Would this be ok?
Sounds great! Can I get tickets for 3 people?
I've booked you 3 tickets. Your total is 30.29 pounds and the reference number is 51M2VN7D .
Great. I am also looking for colleges to visit in the west.
There are 5 colleges there. [Churchill college], Clare College, Clare Hall, Magdalene College and Queens' College
Can I get more information on the first one?
Churchill College is on Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and phone number is 01223336233. It's free to get in. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
No, that is all that I needed. Thank you so much for your help! Goodbye.
You're so welcome! Have a great day!


I want a taxi to pick me up after [21:00] to take me to [Little Saint Mary's Church].
I can help with that - where are you leaving from?
I want to be picked up at [frankie and bennys] please
I've booked you a black Honda, the contact number is 07796011098.
Great, thank you for your help.
No problem. Are you finished?


Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday. Can you help?
I sure can. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. The train should leave after [16:00].
How about TR6838? It leaves at 16:36.
Can you give me the arrive time, train ID, and price? Thank you.
The train ID is TR6838 and the price is 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please. I am also looking for the [Cambridge and county folk museum].
I managed to book you on TR6838. Your confirmation number is DCI4NSWK . The cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street.
What area of town is that located in?
The museum is located in the west.
What's the entrance fee?
It would be 3.50.
Ok, I would like to purchase a ticket to the museum. Can you process that for me, please?
I am sorry i am unable to purchase tickets here is the phone number 01223355159 so you can reserve tickets.
What attraction type is the cambridge and county folk museum.
It is a type of museum. That is all the information I have.
Thank you. You have helped me with all my needs. Have a good day. Good Bye.
You're very welcome, enjoy your trip!


What can you tell me about the hotel [el shaddai]?
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse located in the centre that has free parking and internet. Would you like the phone number and address?
No but I would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.
Ok, I have your guest house booked for 8 people, for 2 days, starting on Thursday.You reference number is JZ3CHA4K . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the centre of town.
[Vue Cinema] is located in the centre, would you like the address and phone number?
I just want the phone number and entrance fee please
The entrance fee is not showing up on my computer, the address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I asked you for the phone number not the address.
The phone number is 08712240240.
Great, thank you. Could you also help me with booking a taxi to go from the hotel to the cinema?
How many people will the taxi be for?
There are 8 of us going.
All I need to know is what time you would like your ride for and I can get that booked for you right away.
I want to leave at [12:30] from my hotel and go to the cinema. Please give me the car type and phone number
The taxi will be a white toyota and the contact number is 07880526604. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
There's nothing more that I need. Thanks, bye!
You are welcome enjoy.


I want to find a restaurant in the west that serves [light bites]. Do you have any suggestions?
No, I'm sorry. The search didn't pull up any matches.
What are some expensive restaurants?
There are a few choices in the expensive pricerange on the west side. What type of food would you prefer other than light bites?
I'd like [Indian] food, please.
Tandoori palace looks like a good fit for you. Could you like me to make a reservation?
Not just yet but please get me their post code, phone number and address
They are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223506055 and their postcode is cb43le. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the west?
I'm sorry, there are no concert halls located in the west, shall I check another area?
What about a college?
Okay, how about [Churchill College]? It's free to get in.
Thank you! Just give me the postcode and I should be good to go.
Okay the postcode is cb30ds.
Awesome. Can I get a taxi from the College by [12:15]?
I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm headed to [Tandoori Palace] from the College.
I have made that taxi reservation. Look for a yello skoda and the contact number is 07041247281.
Thank you for booking that taxi and giving the contact number and car type.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you! That will be all!
It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.


I am looking for a hospital in town with a [cardiology and coronary care unit].
Fortunately, our hostpital, Addenbrookes, does have a C&C department. Would like like to contact them?
Yes, I would like the address, postcode, and phone number.
I can help with that. The phone number is 01223245151. Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Road. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can provide?
Thank you, that is all I need.
You're welcome! And the phone number for the specific department you need is 01223256459.
Thanks! I'm all set for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!
No problem. Goodbye!


I want a train leaving on sunday.
OK, where are you headed and what time do you need to travel?
I need to arrive by [13:15] and I am leaving from broxbourne going to cambridge.
TR1426 arrives by 12:32, would you like me to book you?
Not just yet. What's the cost for a ticket on that train?
The price is 14.32 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
I am trying to find a hotel called [alpha-milton guest house]
That is a great place to stay on the north side. What would you like to know about it?
I need to know the prive range.
The price range for the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderate. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that would be all.
Thank you for contacting us today. Have a great day.


I need a taxi from [peking restaurant].
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I need to arrive at [10:45].
What is your destination after leaving peking restaurant?
I will be going to [Maharajah Tandoori restaurant].
Ok I have a blue audio for you with the contact number 07304585611.
Do you mean a blue audi?
Yes, I apologize you should be looking for a Blue Audi. The contact number is 07304585611
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
No problem! Have a great night!


I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.
I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.
Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results. Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?
Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections. Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?


I need a place to stay in the East. I don't need to have access to the Internet.
I have 7 places available in the east. What is your price range?
Price does not matter, but can you find one without free parking?
a and a guest house is available. It's in East part of town and is moderately priced with no free parking. Can I book it for you?
does it have free wi fi? I need free wi fi
the a nd b guesthouse has wi-fi and fits the rest of your criteria, I can book you if you would like.
Yes, please. Can I book it for 2 people on Monday night with a 5 night stay?
I'm sorry, that isn't available. Is there something else I can find for you?
How about something else in the same price range?
Okay, you're booked at [Acorn guest house] with reference number HK5AYCB6 . May I help with anything else?
Can I have the address please?
Sure! The address for the acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road cb41da and the phone is 01223353888.
Thank you so much. That is all.
Okay. Enjoy your stay here.


I am looking for an attraction with a boat.
I can help with that! I've pulled up several locations. Would you like the location in the east, north, or centre?
What about the south side of town? Are there any there?
No, I'm sorry, there are no boat attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another part of the city? Or maybe a different type of attraction?
How about a cinema?
I have the cineworld cinema located in the south at cambridge leisure park on clifton way. The phone number is 00872208000.
Great, thank you. I am also needing to book a train for a Sunday departure after [16:30]. Can you help me with that?
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know where will you be departing/arriving?
I am going to [Norwich] from [Cambridge]
TR2974 will leave at 17:16 and arrive by 18:35. Would you like to make a reservation?
no that is enough for now. thanks for helping
Thank you for letting us help you today.


I am looking for sports facilities in the town centre.
I'm sorry, there are no sports in the centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
What about colleges?
There are 13 colleges in centre. Are you look for free entrance or paid?
Please tell me one of the free ones, please.
Emmanuel College is free and located in the centre.
OK, great, I'll look that up. That is all I need for now. Thanks, and bye.
You are welcome. Bye.


I am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.
Sure, I can assist you with that. Was there an area of town you were looking for?
I am looking in the Cambridge area.
I'm sorry but I am unable to find anything with those specifications. Would you like to try anything else?
ok no preference for area any guest house
Is there a price range you'd prefer?
No that doesn't matter. Please just recommend a guesthouse for me that has both parking and internet
There are quite a few choices available for guest houses with free parking and internet. May I suggest the acorn guest house in the north part of town?
Sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning Sunday.
Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else you need?


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.
There are many choices and many price ranges. What type of food and price range are you looking for?
[Asian oriental], and expensive please!
I found the [Kymmoy] restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for four people at [13:30] on Wednesday please.
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please do give me the reference number.
Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is ZNRO4W2P .
Can you also help me find a hotel?
Sure! Are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive 3 star hotel that has free internet. The area doesn't matter.
The gonville and Lensfield hotel have shown up under that criteria. do you have a preference?
The [gonville] please
Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, for 4 people. It'll be a total of 4 nights starting from Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFBOXS4X . Anything else?
I don't need anything else.
Great! I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Can I get a train to Cambridge on Friday?
There is a depature at london kings cross at 7:17 am.
Actually, I need to depart from leicester after [12:15].
Yes, there is a train that departs at 13:09, arriving in Cambridge at 14:54. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you give me the Train ID?
The train ID for that one is TR4625. Can I help you with more?
I need to find a cheap [modern European] restaurant.
There is a restaurant called the [river bar steakhouse and grill] that fits that criteria. It is located in the city centre.
Can I please have the phone number and postcode?
The phone number is 01223307030 and the postcode is cb58aq. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all. Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Travel safely!


I'm going to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on wednesday.
Where will you be departing from and what time do you need to arrive in Cambridge?
I'd like to leave from Standsted sometime after [15:30].
the TR1342 leaves at 16:24
That will work, can you reserve 7 seats for us on that train please?
I was able to book for you. The reference number is DSE7LBCU .
Thank you can you help me find a place to eat as well?
What kind of food would you like ?
I'm sorry I don't need a restaurant, I need to find a hotel that has 2 stars.
I would recommend [Lovell Lodge] on the north side. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking.
That sounds great. Book it for me for 7 people for 4 nights starting from the same day.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SY83O0SO .
That is all I need, thank you!
Have a wonderful stay.


I'm looking for a [Korean] restaurant that's expensive.
[Little Seoul] is exactly what you're looking for!
Is it in the centre of town?
Indeed it is. Would you like for me reserve you a table?
Yes, please! I need a table for 8 on Wednesday at [12:00].
Hmm. I'm not able to book at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
How about [11:00] on Wednesday instead?
I was able to make your reservation for 8 at 11:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is PMZ9SEZP . Do you need anything else?
No. That will be everything today. Thank you.
Have a great day.


I want a place to stay in the east.
I have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel on the east side. What's your price range?
Doesn't matter too much. I'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the guesthouses.
I'd recommend [allenbell] on 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you give me their phone number? I would like to verify that they have free parking.
Allenbell does have parking and the phone is 01223210353. Can I help with anything else?
yeah, i need something to eat. i'm starving.
In what area of town?
I'm looking for [australian] food in the moderate price range, any area is fine.
I'm sorry, we do not have any Australian restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like to choose an alternate food type?
I'd also like to try a [Turkish] restaurant. Is that possible?
I'm sorry but the only restaurants in that part of town serve either Asian food or African food.
I don't mind changing the area. I just need moderate pricing and want something that serves Turkish food.
i have 2 choices for you. anatolia is one and the other is efes restaurant. which do you prefer?
Lets try [anatolia].
Ok great and when would you like a table booked?
For 4 people at [17:45] on friday please.
Ok, you have a table for 4 on thursday at 17:45. Reference number is : G684TD29 . Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you for your help! Goodbye
It's been a pleasure to help you.


I'm looking for a hotel to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. I'd like it to be in the centre.
What price range are you interested in?
The expensive price range.
I would suggest the [University Arms Hotel]. It is a 4 star on Regent Street. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. There are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36IA96OC . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for places I should check out. Is there an entertainment attraction in the same area as the hotel?
There aren't any entertainment options in the centre. Do you have another choice?
Okay, what about a college in the same area?
I have 13 to choose from. I suggest corpus christi college located at king's parade.
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Center. Goodbye.


I want to find somewhere to go in the centre.
Are you looking for an attraction to go to? Or are you looking for a restaurant or a hotel or something else? I need more information.
Yes, attractions to visit.
May i know the type of attraction you will prefer. We have architecture, boat, cinema, college, nightclub, museum and much more?
I don't know. Can you recommend your favorite thing to do?
I enjoy the [cambridge university botanic gardens] this time of year. They have an entrance fee of 4 pounds.
Okay, great. I'll also need to know the postcode, if possible?
cambridge university botanic gardens post code is cb21jf.
I also need to find restaurant serving modern [European] food.
Assuming you have no further criteria, the [Galleria] is a great restaurant on 33 Bridge Street.
Ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at [05:30] and can I have a description and contact information for the taxi? Thanks.
Yellow Lexus, 07263691151. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for information in [Cambridge]
What type of information do you need help with?
I'm looking for a hotel called, [Archway House].
It is in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
Alright. I'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9V74O1G . can i be of any help again?
I will also need a train for Saturday, leaving after [13:45].
Sure, I can help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?
Going to Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross.
And for haw many people ?
There will be 2 people.
I have train TR4101 that leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also provide me the reference number?
Iwillgetthatreferencenumber for you.
Ok, thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6BM4QJXX .
Great thank you! That's all I needed! Bye!
You're so welcome! Feel free to come back if you think of anything else you need! Bye!


Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
I have a few guest house that offer parking, is there a certain pricerange you are looking for?
No, anything with availability is fine. I also don't care if it has internet or not.
How about leverton house? They are located in the east and are cheap.
I changed my mind about the internet. Does [Leverton House] have free wifi?
Leverton house has internet. Would you like help booking a room?
No, I just really need the postcode. Is this a moderate?
The postcode is cb58rs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. What is the price range for Leverton House?
Leverton House is in the cheap price range. Is there any other information I can get for you?
That is all I need for now. Thanks.
It was a pleasure and thank you for contacting us.


I'm planning my trip and I need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by [17:30].
What is your departure site and what day are you travelling?
Im leaving Cambridge and it will be on Saturday
What time would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 17:30.
I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?
I am not particular about departure time, please book 6 seats on the one arriving earliest and let me know the reference number.
Reference number is : MO8SEC17 . Train ID TR8674. Is there anything else?
Yeah, I need to grab something to eat. I'm looking for a [malay] place in the centre of town.
Unfortunately there is no Malaysian food in the centre. Do you want a different type of food, or would you like me to search a different part of town?
How about some [Indian] food. Is there any in the centre?
Sure, there are a number of options. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
It doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 6.
I would suggest [Curry Garden]. For what day should I make your reservation?
Yes please. I need a table for 6 at [12:45] on Saturday.
Your reservation for 6 people at Curry Garden this Saturday at 12:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : AEN16UHV .
Thank you. You have answered all my questions and I am all set now. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


What time of entertainment places are there in the center of town?
There are nightclubs and there are theatres.
Are there any swimming pools near by?
There is parkside pools at gonville place cb11ly in the centre.
Great, I'm assuming cb11ly is the postcode, may I also have the phone number there.
Yes the phone number is 01223446100
Thank you I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
There are 21 options, the first one is the yippee noodle bar located at 40428 King Street, City Centre. Will this work?
How about someplace with [european] food?
There are 4 restaurants located in the centre area serving European cuisine. Two are listed as serving modern European food. Would you like more information?
Could you recommend one for me, and give me the phone number and postcode?
I recommend [Galleria], at 33 Bridge Street, cb21uw. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, thank you. Can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by [13:30]?
Sure, I can do that. Where will you be departing?
I don't care about that right now.
I'm sorry, but I will need to know the departure site to be able to book this. From where will you be departing?
We will be leaving from the south side.
Where on the south side will you be leaving from so I can send the taxi to the correct location?
[gonville place] is from where I'll be departing
What is your departure time?
I need to leave the restaurant by 13:30 please.
Okay I was able to secure you a grey Toyota that will make sure you arrive by 13:30 and their contact number is 07542624633.
Great! That is all I need.
Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met then?
Yes that's all. thanks for the help!
Great! Have a good day, goodbye.


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
We certainly have plenty expensive places in the center of town! What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Honestly, I am not sure. Which ones do you show available?
We have just about anything you can think of, from Loch Fyne's seafood to Bedouin's African.
Can you make a reservation at [Loch Fyne's] for 4 people at [14:30] on sunday?
I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 439GP4J5 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Have a great day.
You as well, enjoy your meal!


I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
Okay we've got 9 different options. What area of town are you wanting to stay in?
Any of them with free wifi and 4 star rating?
The [leverton house] is a cheap guesthouse with a four star rating and wifi. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds good. I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday. Is that possible?
great! Booking was successful. Reference number is : WD4S0IJZ anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'm also needing to book a train to Cambridge; I must arrive by [12:45] and no later please.
What is your departure station, and what day will you be traveling?
I want to take the train on Thursday.
Okay! From where will you be traveling?
I should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on saturday. I just need the price of one ticket.
TR7309 would suit your needs. Can I book a ticket for you?
I need to know how much it will cost per ticket.
Train TR7309 cost 18.88 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I appreciate the help.
Have a nice day.


Hello. I'm trying to plan my trip to Cambridge and need to find a hotel with free parking.
There are 29 establishments with free parking. Do you have any other criteria?
I also want free wifi and I need the hotel to be cheap as I don't have a lot of money to spend.
Which area of town would you like it to be in?
I don't care what part of town it's in. I do need a room for 6 people, 4 nights, and we're arriving on Saturday.
There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel, do you prefer one over the other?
I'd prefer the hotel please.
I was unable to create that booking. Perhaps you would like a guest house instead?
No, lets try reserving it for 2 nights instead.
I was able to complete the booking for 2 nights. Your reference number is 0B63XE0W
I also need a place to dine that serves [international] food and should be in the cheap price range.
I can recommend [The Missing Sock] on the east side of town. It is in the cheap price range.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Saturday at [12:00]?
Sure it has been reserved reference number 3acs8uko . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great! That's all I needed, thanks for your help.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Are there any moderately priced places to eat with [British] styled food?
Yes, I have 5 places. What about cotto?
[Cotto] is fine. I want to book a table for 1 person at [12:00] on Sunday.
Cotto is completely booked for Saturday at noon. Could I direct you to a different restaurant?
Yes, please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
[Restaurant one seven] is also British cuisine, moderate priced, in the center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation.
Thank you that sounds like a great place.
I have booked your reservation for restaurant one seven on Saturday at 12:00. Your reference number is DYSZRX2B . Do you need any other assistance?
no, that will be all. thank you very much.
Have a great day!


I would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the north area of town.
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool matches your criteria. Will this suffice?
Yeah, what is the entrance fee for that?
I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel as well?
There are three 4-star hotels in town. Would you prefer the west or centre of town?
I want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. I'd like it to be a hotel and 4 stars with free wifi.
I'm afraid there isn't a hotel in the north end that meets your requirements. Perhaps a guesthouse instead? There's the acorn guest house there that does.
A guesthouse would be fine as long as it has free wifi.
The acorn guest house does have internet, I am not sure if that includes wifi. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Can you tell me if they provide free parking?
The Acorn Guest House does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I would like to know their price range and address.
The acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. Their address is 154 chesterton road, post code cb41da, and phone number: 01223353888.
Thanks for all the information!
You're very welcome. Have a good day!


I'm looking for museum type attractions.
May I suggest Cambridge Artworks? They are located in the East at 5 Greens Road.
Okay wonderful! Thanks so much.
Cambridge Artworks has no entrance fee and the contact number is 01223902168.
Thank you so much! I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday and going to Cambridge.
There are 202 trains to Cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I need to arrive by [9:15] and then depart from stevenage.
Great, train TR5737 arrives at 08:43 in cambridge. How many riders shall I book tickets for?
There are 8 riders, and I need a reference number please.
Booking was successful your Reference number is : AC1OUCJV
Thank you very much. That was all I needed for today. Have a nice day.
Happy to help. Enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a train for Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street.
Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling? This was I can narrow my search to better assist you.
Cambridge and I would like to leave Tuesday
Does it matter what time you leave or arrive?
I want it to arrive by [10:45].
Train TR2164 leaves at 8:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 10:44. Would you like me to book you seat?
Yes please book 5 seats.
Ok I have for you 5 seats on TR2164. The total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3SKORQ4K . Anything else I can assist with?
Yes I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.
I have 9 locations that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference regarding price range of star ratings?
Yes, I prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.
I have 7 guesthouses that are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. 6 are moderately priced and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Any of those will be fine. Please send the reference number and location.
Okay, how long would you like to stay?
I'd like to check in on Friday for 4 nights. Book it for 5 people.
I was able to successfully book you at the asbury [lodge guesthouse]. The reference number is 6LQ4AF7B ., can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you so much.
Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food.
There are several restaurants serving international food. Would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town?
I don't care.
There are three restaurants serving international food. What price range would you like?


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [asian oriental] food and should be in the centre
Okay. What price range would you like?
It should be in the cheap price range.
The [dojo noodle bar] is at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and meets your criteria. What time would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at [12] on Tuesday.
OK, I will make you a reservation for 12:00 Tuesday for 1. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need the reference number of my reservation.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0C4KYZ3K .
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day and enjoy your meal!


I'm looking for an entertaining place to go this evening in the Cambridge area, please.
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Can I narrow your search by area and/or type?
How about a theatre in the centre? I will need an address and phone number too please.
I recommend the mumford theatre, their phone number is 08451962320 and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train going to kings lynn leaving after [15:45] please
I can book your tickets for Friday. The train leaves at 16:11. Would that be alright?
Is it possible to change Friday to Saturday instead?
Absolutely. TR8364 will depart cambridge for kings lynn at 16:11 on Saturday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, and please be sure to give me the ID.
The train ID is TR8364. How many tickets do you need?
Just one ticket, please.
Great, your booking was successful. Your reference number is GKBADV9A . You will need to pay 7.84 GBP at the station.
Thanks - that's all I need today! I appreciate your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I am looking for [Japanese] food in the south part of town.
I am sorry. There is no japanese restaurant in the south area? Would you like to try another area or food type?
Try [Mexican], then.
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a Mexican restaurant in the south part of time. Would you like me to search for a different cuisine?
I'll take any type of cuisine, then. I just need a reservation for 6 at [13:15] on Saturday.
There are Japanese, Italian, Modern European, Portuguese, Indian, and Mexican. Which of these do you prefer?
[Mexican], please.
The Mexican place is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes please. Are you sure there are no Japanese or Mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day?
No I am sorry. But there is a [Portuguese] restaurant if you are interested.
Okay I guess. Try booking there please.
Great! I was able to book you there and your reference number is W2A8GHG8 .
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for a place to go.
Okay, what kind of place are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. What's the phone number, type, and fee for your favorite place?
What area will you be staying in and what kind of things do you like?
I would like the attraction to be in the centre.
There are 44. What type are you intersted in?
anything that is good, just recommend any
Would you be interested in an architecture attraction such as [great saint mary's church]? They have a 2 pound entrance fee or there are others available for free.
May I have the phone number please?
01223350914 is the phone number
Thank you very much that would be it.
Enjoy your visit and let us know if you need help with other arrangements in the future.
I will and thank you for your assistance.
You're very welcome.


Please help me look for a train that leaves on Friday and arrives at its destination by [1:15 PM].
Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Thank you. And where are you headed to?
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.I need the the reference number
Great. The TR2557 arrives by 12:55, so I have booked it for 6 people. Your reference number is X56LPMKM . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves [south african] food.
I am sorry I have no listings for that type of food any other types I can look up?
Could you check the city center for me?
I don't have any South African restaurants at any price range anywhere in the city. Would you like to try a different type?
How about [indian]?
May I suggest [Curry Garden]. It is in the expensive price range and in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please and a confirmation number too
When will you be dining and how many guests?
I don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?
Sure thing the postcode is cb21dp. Anything else I can do for you?
that is it for today thank you very much
No problem, thank you for choosing Cambridge Towne Info Centre. Have a great day!


I'd like information on trains departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.
We have trains departing for Kings Cross every 2 hours. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by [14:30].
TR7447 leaves at 13:00and costs 18.88 pounds. can we book?
Ok. Thanks. That's what I wanted.
Does this mean you would like me to book the train for you?
Yes, Can you please?
Here is the reference number VHNBPCYY
thanks so much for all of your help
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need to find an expensive [Mediterranean] restaurant.
There are 2 expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
Yes whatever one you recommend. I'll need seating for 7 people at [11:00] on Sunday please.
I would highly recommend the [La Mimosa], I have you booked for Sunday at 11. The reference number is MZ1VEJL0 .
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye


I'm looking for a place to stay. I need to find free parking and I only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that.
Huntingdon marriott hotel has parking and is a highly rated hotel.
The hotel should include free wifi.
Yes, the [Huntingdon Marriott] also has free wifi. Would like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
I'm sorry, the huntingdon marriott hotel is not available. Would you like to try another. The [university arms hotel] is a nice hotel in the city centre.
Is it in the same price range?
Its listed as expensive.
And what were the Marriott prices like?
Expensive price. What type would you prefer?
Expensive price is fine.
I was able to book a reservation. Your reference number is 1JALPC7V . Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!
Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.


I am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.
We have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side. Cuisines offered are Thai, Indian, European, and British. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference. I want to book for four people at [15:00] on Saturday.
Okay I booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on Saturday at the [Graffiti], an expensive British restaurant in the west area of town.
Thank you. Can you please give me the reference number?
The reference number is 5WHDPGHW .. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day!


I would like help finding a college to visit in the centre of town.
There are 13. I could recommend [Trinity College] on Trinity Street. Or would you like information about one of the others?
That sounds good. Could you give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?
Of course. The address is Trinity Street, postcode is CB21TQ, and the entrance fee is one pound. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that leaves wednesday and arrives by [17:00].
TR3702 LEAVES AT 05:00 CAN I BOOK THAT ONE FOR YOU?
Does this train go to Leicester from Cambridge?
Sorry. TR2052 departs from leicester and the destination is cambridge. It leaves at 15:09 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please give me the reference number.
Certainly. Just to verify, are you traveling alone? You would only like one ticket?
Yes, I only need 1 ticket for myself.
How early do you wish to arrive? There are 11 trains that will get you there before 17:00.
I would like to arrive by 17:00 in leicester.
OK, I've booked one ticket for you on TR0451 from cambridge to leicester, arriving at 16:06. Ref# 8OZNJHMO . Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need, thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have a good night. Goodbye.


I need a hotel the next town over.
I can surely help with that. Which part of town are you specifically looking for?
I don't care which part of town it is. I just want a cheap place with free wifi.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is a guesthouse in town centre with 4 stars in the cheap price range, and has free wifi. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please do and send me the reference number.
What day would you like me book and how many days will you be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday please.
You are all set with the booking, the reference number is B8R0DO3L, can I help with anything else?
Can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town centre?
[Castle Galleries] is a lovely museum in the town centre. The address for the attraction is unit su43, grande arcade, Aaint Andrews Street.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by [21:30]. Send me the contact number and car type please.
Sure, can you tell me your destination just so I can be sure to send it to the right place?
My destination will be going from the Castle Galleries and going back to the [Alexander bed and breakfast]
I've booked a blue tesla, which you can reach at 07827647450. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Thank you.
Have a great time.


I need a place to stay and I would like a guesthouse.
Do you have a location preference?
No but I want it to be cheap and have a 4 star rating.
There are 7 guesthouses that match you criteria, do you have a location preference?
Any area of Cambridge is fine. Can you suggest a guesthouse that meets my criteria?
[Autumn House] on Newmarket Road is in the east near other shops and boutiques. It meets your needs perfectly. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please book a room for 1 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay, that's taken care of. Your reference number for your reservation is 8GBONI2D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre.
There are several restaurants. What type of food would you like?
I want somewhere cheap in the centre please
There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What food type interests you?
I am willing to try any one of them. Could you make a recommendation, please?
Sure, I suggest [dojo noodle bar]. Want a reservation?
No need for a reservation. Can you just give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb21rq. What else can I help you with?
That is everything. Thanks!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge


I need a nice place to stay, do you have those?
We have many nice places that would suit your needs. Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I would like to stay in the centre of town.
Sure, I have five options for you. What price range?
I would like the moderate price range.
I have found the [cityroomz] located in the centre for a moderate price. It has 0 stars and free internet. Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XPE70MGX . Is there anything more I can help with today?
I would like more info on the [Travellers Rest], it is a restaurant.
It is a british restaurant in the west. It is expensive. Can I tell you anything further about it?
Sure. I would like to book it for 6 people on Monday at [14:30].
My apologies, there is a known system issue that is not allowing booking specifically on restaurants, you would have to call them directly at 01223276182, can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a taxi.
Where would the taxi need to pick you up?
Can they pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant in time for my reservations?
A yellow toyota will pick you up at Cityroomz and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. The contact number is 07700237290. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for me today. Thank you, bye
Thank you have a good day too?


I'm looking for places to go watch entertainment.
There are 5 entertainment venues in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
I don't mind the area. can I get the address to one of them?
The Funky Fun House is amazing. I think you'll love it. Their address is 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate.
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Thursday.
There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for departure or arrival time?
Yes, I want to depart from Cambridge any time after [8:30].
TR2125 leaves a 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need to book the train for 8 people.
Yes I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is 648C0A9S .
Fantastic, thank you very much. I don't need anything further today!
enjoy your stay in cambridge!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge area. I really like [European] food.
The [hotel du vin and bistro] meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Can you first tell me where it is located? It needs to be in the Centre part of Cambridge.
Yes. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb21qa. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the type of hotel?
The hotel is European, located in the centre, and is moderate in priced. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How many stars does the hotel have? I am looking for a zero star hotel.
It does not have a star rating.
Can you please book the restaurant?
I would be happy to get a table reserved for you. What day and time would you like? Also, will there be anyone else joining you?
I will be there on Sunday. It's just me.
What time on Sunday shall I book a table?
I don't know where my head was, I don't need a reservation. Thanks. I do need a 0 star hotel in the centre though.
I would recommend Cityroomz as it fits your criteria. It has 0 stars and is in the centre of town.
What's the hotel type and postcode?
Cityroomz is just a hotel and its postcode is cb12tz.
Fantastic, that's all I needed, thank you.
You are welcome and have a great day. Bye.


Hi, I'm looking for a particular restaurant named [Bedouin]. Can you help?
Yes. Bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre.
Can you book me a table for 3 people at [20:00] on Wednesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N332O6JK .
Great, thank you so much. That'll be all for today. Bye!
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
name is tnahh [binh]
Pardon? Is that the name of a restaurant?
Yes, there is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west called Thanh Binh.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for the vietnamese restaurant Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.
I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.
You have eight options for lodging. Do you need parking?
No that does not matter. Please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
how about [arbury lodge guesthouse]?
That sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on sunday.
Your booking for 1 at the arbury lodge guesthouse this sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : X1GCL10K . Anything else for today?
Yes, Can you please book a table at the [grafton hotel restaurant] for the same amount of people at [11:15] on the same day?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DPR6YMGB . What else can I help with today?
That will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service! Please contact us if you need more information about Cambridge. Have a good day.


I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?
Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.
What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry. I need to leave after [16:00] going to London Liverpool Street.
The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.
I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please
There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?


Are there any [Lebanese] restaurants in the city?
[ali baba] is a nice lebanese place in the centre.
Can I have the phone number please.
Their phone number is 01462 432565. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you goodbye


I need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by [09:15].
There are several trains leaving Cambridge and arriving by 9:15, do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to Leicester on Sunday.
The closest arrive time for leicester that I have is 09:06. It leaves cambridge at 07:21. How many people will be traveling?
There will be 2 of us. Can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?
I have your tickets booked. The reference number is ZJP3WID9 .
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.
I have a number of places so maybe we can narrow it down. Can you tell me what area of town you would like to stay?
I would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.
I think [allenbell] would be a good choice. Would you like me to book it?
No, I would just like the address and hotel type, please.
The Allenbell is a guesthouse. And they are located at 517a Coldham Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. I appreciate your help today. Goodbye!
you're welcome. its always a pleasure to serve you


I need a train that is leaving from cambridge and should leave on thursday.
Great! Where are you leaving from?
I'll be departing from Ely.
We have 10 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive by [12:45] please.
TR5216 departs at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good - it is going to Cambridge, yeah? I'll need the travel time on that one too, please.
Travel time is a mere 17 minutes, and the per person price is 4.4 GBP. Would you like tickets, or is there something else I can help with?
I am looking for information about a particular attraction called [Whale of a Time].
Whale of time is in the west of town & I'm unsure about the entrance fee. Would you like the number to call & ask for this info?
Yes, and can I get the area and postcode as well
Of course, their phone number is 01954781018 and the postcode is cb238el.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome! Have a great time!
That's all the help I need today, thanks, goodbye.
You are very welcome! Toodles!


Can you help me find a resturant?
I can do that. I have 110 restaurants listed. Do you have a price range, a specific part of town or a specific kind of food in mind?
I am looking at [the Missing Sock]. I need to book it Monday at [19:15] for 6 people.
Your table is reserved for Monday at 19:15 for 6 people. The reference number is ZH5IHCZV .
Great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the centre area also?
What would you like to do? If you like music, I would recommend the man on the moon. It's a concert hall located at 2 norfolk street.
I want to visit an entertainment attraction please
We don't have any entertainment attractions in the center. Would you like to try another area.
What about any museums in the centre of town?
There are 11 options. I personally recommend castle galleries. It is free to visit.
Thank you, can you give me the phone number and postcode?
Sure. The postcode for [Castle Galleries] is cb23bj and the phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I want a taxi. I'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by [19:15]. Please give me the car and contact info.
Booking completed! Booked car type yellow skoda Contact number 07348916006. May I help with anything else ?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay


Book me a train from birmingham new street that leaves after [19:15].
I'd be happy to help you with booking that. Can you tell me what day you will be traveling? And to what destination are you wanting to go?
I need to leave on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge.
The TR5859 leaves at 19:40. I can book tickets for you, if you like. I just need to know how many.
I don't need it booked just now. Can you let me know the travel time and arrival time for TR5859?
The travel time of TR5859 is 163 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay.
We have plenty of options for places to stay in cambridge. Would you rather stay in a hotel or guest house?
A guest house with free parking, it doesnt matter whether or not wifi is included.
I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It's nice place on the north side. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you please.
What day will you be arriving and how many nights are you staying?
Ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 4 nights for 4 people.
I have made reservations and the reference number is K8EETTJF .
Thank you so much you have been a tremendous help!
Can I look up anything else for you today?
no, that will be all. thank you!
I am glad I could be of help. Have a great day!


Hello, I'm trying to take a train on Wednesday that leaves from Broxbourne. Can you help me book a ticket?
Sure I can help you with that. I have train TR0788 leaving at 05:32 and will arrive to cambridge at 06:32.
I really need one that leaves after [11:00].
I have 13, is there a time youd like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, as long as I can book it for 6 people. I will need the reference number please.
Success! TR5953 departs at 11:32 and arrives 12:32. Your reference number is EQCLFB3Q .
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.
Sure, which part of town are you interested in eating at?
I'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. Got any reco on [Chinese] places?
We have four: [HK Fusion], Sesame Restaurant and Bar, Ugly Duckling, and Tang Chinese.
Pick one for me. Book it for the same group of people at [18:45] on the same day.
I am sorry but I was unable to book you at any of those restaurants. Would you like to try another time?
Are any of those expensive?
They are all expensive. Would you like to try an early time?
Try it for 18:45 on the same day Wednesday, and please give me the reference number. It will be for 6 people.
I have booked a reservation at HK Fusion. Your reference number is XO4S9CL7 . Do you need anything else?
That should be it. Thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome!


I am looking for a place serving expensive [indian] food
There are 14 places that serve expensive Indian food. We could narrow it down more if you specified an area. Do you have one in mind?
Let's try the west part of town.
There are 5 in the West. You might want to try [Cocum] on 71 Castle Street City Centre.
Okay, can you book for 7 people on Sunday at [14:00]?
I am sorry there is no booking at this time, there are 2 other places would you like me to check booking for any of them?
Yes, if one is in the same area and price range as Cocum.
I was able to get you in at [Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant]. Your reference number is O9K319CU . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need thank you.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I need a hotel to stay in the East area.
Yes I have many guesthouses and one hotel. Is there a price range you prefer?
I definitely want a hotel, and I'd like a place that has 4 stars.
I have 6 guesthouses with 4 stars in the east, do you have a price range preference?
No I don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine.
Leverton House will give you the most bang for your buck. Would you like me to make a reservation?
And there are no hotels? Just guesthouses?
I double checked and no, there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you still be interested in the [Leverton House]?
Does it have free parking?
yes there is free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to book just yet. But I was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town.
We have quite a few restaurants in the east end. Is there any particular food you're looking for?
As long as it is in the moderate price range, I am open to your recommendation.
There are 3 restaurants in the East, there are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the [italian] place. Make me a reservation for Friday for 8 at [15:15] please.
You're all set! Your reference number is NEZN98ZC .
thank you that will be all for now
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?
Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.
I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by [09:00] if that is possible.
Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.
I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PY3UDDOV .
Great, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Can you help out?
Absolutely. There are 21 guesthouses that have free parking, could you tell me which area you would like to stay in?
I am not picky about the area. I prefer the moderate price range and a 4-star rating, please.
Which area would you prefer north, south, or east?
I really don't care about the area, can you just suggest one for me?
How about the acorn guest house, its moderately priced located in the north?
Yes please book the [acorn guest house]. Also could you give me the address for the hotel.
154 chesterton road. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I just needed the address. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome enjoy.


Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.
Unfortunately there are no hotels available that fit that criteria.
What can you recommend? And please I need free wifi.
There are 5 expensive hotels with free parking. I recommend The Gonville Hotel which has a 3 star rating.
Does it have free wifi? Is it in the north?
It does have free wifi, but it is located in the centre, there are no expensive hotels in the north area.
Check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. Book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday.
Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel please.
[Ashley hotel] is in the north in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating. Free parking and wifi also. Does this suit you to book your stay?
Yes, what is the reference number? I also need a train that departs from Cambridge by [12:30] can you assist with that?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful for the hotel
Will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from Monday?
Ok you are booked for 2 nights starting on Monday at the Ashley (Ref# MIFN5IXJ). What else can I help you with?
Yes I also need to find a train out of Cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.
Which day do you require the train?
Wednesday. I will need 1 ticket.
I have booked Train TR9635 departing at 10:36 and arriving at 11:55. Reference# UN7QY0L4 . Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Alright, thank you and goodbye!


I'd like to find a train to peterborough.
There are 266 trains going to Peterborough. Can you give me a departure day and time so that I can narrow down your choices?
I am looking to go from cambridge, and go on friday arriving by [14:30]
Okay, how about the TR5901 leaving at 13:34 and arriving at 14:24 with a duration of 50 minutes? The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect!
Great, how many tickets would you like to purchase?
7 tickets please. Can I also have the reference number for the booking?
Your tickets are all booked, reference number R5P65TW5
Thank you so much. That is all I will need today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for an expensive [chinese] restaurant to eat at.
Thank you, I will go to the [peking restaurant] at street city centre
Can you book me a table for 6 at [15:00] on sunday?
I'm sorry but it is not possible to book that time slot at that restaurant. May I try another time and/or day for you?
Can you see if there is a table for 6 at [14:00] on Sunday, then?
Yes! I am glad to inform you I was able to book you at the Peking on Sunday at [14:00] for 6 people and your reservation number is TSREFNQW .
Thank you, can you please help me find a train on Sunday that will arrive in Cambridge on time for my reservation?
the TR7147 train departs sunday at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge at 12:08.
I actually need a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday that arrives by [10:45].
There are several trains that meet your needs. TR0440 seems like the best option. It departs at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. I can book this for you if you'd like, or there are three trains that run earlier in the day if you'd like information on those.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and book me 6 tickets and provide me with the reference number, please?
Great you're all set reference number is 0FZ7ADG9
Awesome, you have been very helpful. That's all I need.
Wonderful. Have a very nice day.


I'm looking for the [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds].
Great choice! The Cherry Hinton grounds are located in the east. It is located on Cherry Hinton Road. Their contact info is 01223446104. Any other information I can offer you?
Yes, could you give me the postcode please?
The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I want to find a hotel in the west. It needs to have free parking.
There are two hotels that meet those criteria. The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry is a cheap. Which one would you prefer?
I will try the [Huntingdon Marriot].
Would you like me to book you a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I need a room starting on tuesday.
How many nights would you like it to be reserved, and how many will be in your party?
I will need three nights and with 5 people.
I was unable to book for 5 nights. Would you like to try for 4 nights?
Actually I was mistaken, I need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday.
I'm unable to book two nights for six people. Would you like to try for one day?
Yes please. One day is fine.
The booking was successful. The reference number is 1FN4UUGJ . What else can I help you with?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places please.
When would you like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave by [16:15].
Okay sure. I have booked a white BMW to pick you up and your contact number is 07340002030. Anything else?
That takes care of everything. Thank You!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for a place, I think it's called the [Arbury Guesthouse and Lodge]. Can you help me?
You are correct. The Arbury Lodge is a great guesthouse located in the north part of town. They are moderately priced and rated 4 stars.
What is their address?
Their address is 82 arbury road. Would you like me to book this hotel?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I can book it but will need to know for what day, the time of the booking and for how many guests.
Can you find a train for me as well?
Did you still need the hotel booking? If so, I will need to know the day of your arrival, length of stay and number of guests so that I can complete your request.
I also need a train.
I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Departing from Stevenage, going to Cambridge. Friday, want to leave after [12:45]. I want the train ID, price, and travel time, please.
TR7785 leaves at 13:54, 49 minute travel time, for 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Nope, that's all I needed thanks
Have a great day.


I am looking for a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.
There are many trains from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave Wednesday after [21:15].
For how many people?
I am traveling alone.
Thank you, I have booked you a seat on TR8385 leaving Kings Lynn at 22:11 cost of 9.8 GBP. The reference number is T7PUQPR1 .
Thank you. What is the arrival time in Cambridge, please?
Arrival time is 23:58
Could I also have the price?
The total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go in town. I would like an architecture type in the centre.
How about [all saints church]? It fits your criteria and has no entrance fee!
That sounds great, what is their phone number?
The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for suggestions on where to go in town, I would like it to be entertaining and in the centre.
There are 44 attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd be interested in?
Just some kind of entertainment.
There is a nightclub called club salsa if you like to dance. Would you like more information? There are also some museums and cinemas if that sounds better.
What is the entrance fee for the museum please.
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is free to enter. Would you like the address?
I apologize. I need to clarify that I'm looking for an entertainment type of attraction in the center of town.
There are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town in the system.
Are there any parks in the centre of town?
Yes! The [Cambridge University botanic gardens] are in the centre and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can I get their phone number and address, too? I also need to book a train from Cambridge arriving by 10:15 on Friday.
The address for the botanic gardens is bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks. Will you be able to book me that train?
Sure thing what destination and departure are you looking for on your train?
What trains do you have going to Bishops Stortford on Friday?
There are 10 trains that go to Bishops Stortford, did you know what time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [10:15]. I won't need you to book tickets for me, but the trainID, travel time, and price would be super helpful.
There are 3 trains that arrive before 10:15. One that arrives at 6:07, another at 8:07 and another at 10:07. Which would you prefer?
The one for 8:07. I just need the train id, travel time, and price. No need to book it.
Tr6809 leaves Cambridge at 07:29. It has a travel time of 38 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds. Do you need any thing else today?
That's all I needed, thank you very much!
You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.


Can you recommend a restaurant to me in the South part of town? I don't want to spend a lot of money.
What type of food are you looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter to me.
Two results with cheap price range in the south area of town. One is Nandos which is Portuguese food. The other is The Lucky Star, which is Chinese food.
Is there anything else?
[The Lucky Star] is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the South side of town.
What is the phone number?
The phone number of The Lucky Star is 01223 244277.
That will be good. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves [british] food. What is the address and phone number?
There are 5 moderately price restaurants that serve British food. Is there an area of town that would work best for you?
I do not care. Please suggest one.
[saint johns chop house] serves british food, is in the west area of town and is in the moderate price range
What is their address and phone number?
the phone number is 01223353110 and the address is 21-24 Northampton Street, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.


I need a train into cambridge on wednesday, please.
I can certainly find one for you. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Sure. I'm leaving from Cambridge.
You're leaving from cambridge going to cambridge?
No. I need to leave from leicester and arrive in cambridge. I also need to arrive by [10:15].
TR7703 will depart leicester Wednesday at 8:09, arriving in cambridge by 9:54, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes I would like to book a ticket on TR7703 for Wednesday morning, thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KW6ZO219 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. Thank you for your help.
Okay great. I am glad I could be of help!


Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called [hakka]?
I can tell you that it's an expensive Chinese restaurant on the Northside. What else would you like to know?
I need to reserve in for Thrusday.
I have a lot of options. Was there a specific area you were interested in? How many people would you like to reserve for?
Yes, I would like a reservation at [18:15] on Thursday for two.
Unfortunately, there are no reservations available for Hakka at 18:15. Would you like to book another day or try another time?
Is there an opening at [17:15]?
17:15 was successful. You're reference number is EWFXUJB5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that leaves after [17:00] on friday departing from cambridge.
Where will you be traveling to?
I need to go to Birmingham new street.
I have train TR7420 that is departing at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would that be acceptable?
Yes I would like to book the TR7420.
For how many tickets?
Book for two people. And, may I also have the reference number, please.
All set. Your reference number is 5M7M9RN1 .
thank you so much goodbye
Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.


I need a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
I have many guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I will need free wifi and parking.
[Acorn guest house] has that, will that work for you?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.
The reference number is,VAKDVQNB is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need train tickets.
Okay, please tell where you are going and where you are leaving from, and what day.
I am going to Kings lynn from Cambridge. I leave Wednesday.
What time would you like to travel? There are trains every hour from 5:11. It takes 47 minutes to get there from Cambridge.
I'd like to arrive by [17:30]. Any trains that do that will be fine. I just need the price.
TR8890 arrives at 16:58. It costs 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the service, goodbye.
I'm happy to be of service! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I'd like to go to a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food for a moderate price.
I have 4 results for moderately priced Chinese restaurants. Would you prefer north of town or centre?
North of town.
[Golden Wok] is located in the north that serves chinese and is at a moderate price range. Does this work?
Yes can I book a table for 8 people at [12:00] on saturday, if booking fails how about [11:00]? Also can I get the reference number please.
Alright, I will schedule you for Saturday for 8 people at 12:00, at Golden Wok, which is North. Thank you
Also, I am looking for a place to stay.
The booking for 11:00 is the only one that worked. Reference number is : M2SLL9IE . Where you looking to stay in the North also?
I would also like a place to stay.
Not a problem. Do you have any preferences for the hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses in Cambridge that offer free parking. Do you have an area preference or a price range?
I would like to find a guesthouse that is expensive if one is available.
I'm sorry but there are no expensive guesthouses available. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Well, try one in the moderate price range.
We have 12 available, what area would you like to stay in?
Is there one available in the north?
There are several that fit that criteria. Do you require parking or internet?
I would like to book any moderately priced guesthouse for 4 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights.
I'm sorry, but I can't book any hotels with that criteria. Would you like to modify your criteria?
can you book something starting on sunday?
We may be able to find something if you shorten your stay. Would you like to try a different number of nights?
Did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday?
I searched for 4 people. Shall we try 8?
I need the hotel for four nights, and eight people please.
I was able to book a reservation for 8 people for 4 nights starting saturday. Your reference number is HU7TJ6XU . Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, t hank you.
Thank you. Have a great day
Goodbye have a nice day!
Thank you goodbye!


I'm visiting Cambridge as a tourist! I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking!
I've got 5 expensive hotels with free parking. Do you care what part of the city you stay in? If not, I'd recommend University Arms Hotel.
The only other preferences I have are that the hotel is a guesthouse with free wifi.
There are no guestrooms that meet your requirements. Would you be interested in a hotel room?
Is there a hotel in a more moderate price range with fee wifi?
I found Arbury Lodge Guesthouse that I think will fit your needs. It is moderately priced, four stars and includes parking and internet!
What area is the [Arbury Lodge] in?
The Arbury Lodge guesthouse is located in the northern part of town.
OK, I'll look into that one. Can you also tell me about the museums in town?
We have 23 museums, I'd recommend Byard Art if you are interested in art.
Is there an entrance fee for Byard Art?
No, no fee to get into byard art. Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thank you! Bye!
Okay, glad I could be of help.


I am looking for information about [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the southern part of town. Its address is 53 roseford road, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 5 nights on Thursday please.
Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is : HYPPOZMF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train.
There are 2,828 trains scheduled. May I have some more information about your travel plans to help you select an appropriate train?
Oh yeah sorry, I want to travel out of Cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by [10:45] on Tuesday.
I have 10 trains available. The nearest to 10:45 is the TR1430 leaving at 09:34, arriving at 10:24, with a duration of 50 minutes for 16.50 pounds. Would that work?
Yes, that should work
I am working on your reservation, how many tickets do you need for the train?
That's all the information I needed, thank you for your help.
Alright, if you need a booking in the future, we will be here. Have a good day!


I'd like to find out more about the [bloomsbury restaurant]
Certainly! It is an international restaurant in the Centre of town. It is moderately-priced. It is at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, at 20 Downing Street. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, Friday at [18:15] for 7 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G0X4NIAA . is there any way i can be of help to you?
Well, I'm also looking to stay somewhere for a bit. I need someplace with free wifi and parking.
Yes, there are a number of hotels with free parking and WiFi, what area do you wish to stay?
I would like a hotel in the western part of town.
There are four choices. Does it matter whether it is a hotel or guest house? Or any other preferences?
Looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on friday
Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I don't have a preference.
Booking was successful at [the cambridge belfry], Reference number is : TNJXRQR5 . Can I assist you with anything further?
That is everything I needed. Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!


I am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
Do you have a particular food type in mind today?
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town.
[Meghna] is an Indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Great, can I please have their address and postcode?
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, and the postal code is C.B 4, 3 L.F. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
thank you good bye.


Hi. Can you book me a taxi to the [Ugly Duckling] from [Dojo Noodle Bar]?
What time would you like to leave, and what time do you want to arrive by?
The taxi needs to arrive by [19:30].
I have booked you a red volkswagen. The contact number is: 07820586917. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, that's everything.
Thank you for choosing us for your booking. Have a great day!


I need a cheap hotel.
I found ten results! What area of town would you like?
Hmm, I'm not sure. I am looking for a guesthouse type, though, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 9 that matches your needs. Shall I recommend a nice one?
I would prefer one in the cheap range, a moderately priced one is fine if a cheap one isn't there.
The alexander bed and breakfast is a good option.
Does The [Alexander] have internet?
Yes, it does have internet! Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, can I get the phone number?
Their number is 01223525725.
That's all. Thanks!
Thank you, good day to you.


I need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Chinese food, or a gastropub?
I don't have a preference.
The [grafton hotel] restaurant serves british food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
Yes, please give me their address.
Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.
Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by [12:45].
The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works. Can I get the train id number and the price please?
the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
What is the departure time of that also please?
TR7966 departs at 5:40.
Great. Now I need a place to stay.
There are 33 different lodging options in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
It should be a 4 star hotel.
What area and price range are you looking for?
Type doesn't matter. I want it to be cheap and in the north. With a 4 star rating.
The [worth house] is located in the north and cheap, would you like a reservation?
Is it rated 4 stars?
Yes it is a four star. It also has free internet and free parking. When were you planning your stay?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : M0ZETXSZ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. I am all set.
That's great. Have a safe trip. goodbye.


Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.
There is the Hobsons House. It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.


Could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel?
Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels meeting those requirements, but I do have several guesthouses that do. Would you be interested in one of those?
Yes, I think that would be fine. Something in the north, please.
I have 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and 4 stars, are you looking for internet or parking?
Not really. As long as it's in the north it's good.
When and how long are you wanting to stay? I can see what is available.
I need it for 4 nights starting on wednesday.
One more question. How many people are in your party?
Please make the reservation for 2 people.
There are 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. May I recommend [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse]?
Sure, that sounds fine. Can you book that for me?
There is no availability at Arbury on Wednesday, unfortunately. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, choose one for me.
Unfortunately, there is no availability at any of the 7 guesthouses for your needs. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?
That did the trick. I was able to book for 2 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday at the [Acorn Guest House]. Reference number is G591ZUVT .
Thank you so much! That's all. Bye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for a particular attraction. Have you heard of [Scudamores Punting Co]?
Yes, Scudamores Punting Co is located in Granta Place, Mill Lane and their phone number is 01223359750. Anything else you want to know?
Is there an entrance fee? If so, what is it?
If they have an entrance fee, it's not showing up with their listing. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yeah, are there any expensive [Chinese] places in town?
There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to dine in?
I would like the south please.
How about [peking restaurant]? Would you like to make a reservation?
that sounds great, please do
Okay! For when, and for how many people?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but could you send me the postcode and address of the restaurant. Thank you.
The address of the restaurant is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. The postcode is cb28nx. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. I would like a taxi to take me from the attraction to the restaurant.
in order for me to get a cab for you I need the arrival and or departure times
I need to get to the attraction by [22:15].
I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue Volvo and the contact number is 07079040787.
Perfect thats everything I needed thanks for the help
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.
Do you have a price range in mind?
A moderate price range would be perfect. Could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?
The [gonville hotel] meets your requirements.
Sounds good, can you book it for me for Wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?
The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive price range but is 3 star. The only moderate price hotel in that area is Cityroomz but is a 0 star rating.
You can book that on for me. I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
Hotels do not have entrance fees. Gonville hotel is located at gonville place in the postcode cb11ly. Anything else for you?
I am sorry, I am looking for a park near the hotel. I need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.
The [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] is a park nearby. Their phone is 01223336265, the post code is cb21jk, it's located on bateman street.
Can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the Botanic Gardens at [3:30]?
A grey ford will arrive to take you to gonville hotel. The contact number is 07759806308. Anything else today?
No thank you, that's all for today. Goodbye!
Thank you, have a great day


I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Monday
I found 404 trains leaving on monday. Where are you departing from?
I am need to be in Cambridge by [11:30] departing from Birmingham New Street
There are 6 trains available, would you like to book one that leaves at 7:40?
As long as I arrive by 11:30 that is fine, I will also need the travel time and price please.
Alright, I'll look at the train that arrives at 10:23, and leaves at 7:40. It costs 75.10 pounds, and it has a duration of 163 minutes. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a college.
How about [Christ's college] in the Centre at Saint Andrew's street? Admission is free.
That'll be fine. What is the entrance fee, address, and postcode for that?
Sure, the postcode is cb23bu, the address is Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help, have a great day.
You are very welcome! Have a good day now!
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good day! Bye!


I need a Tuesday train to from Peterbourough.
If your are going to cambridge the first train leaves at 05:19 and the last at 07:19, any particular time and how many tickets please?
I need one ticket please and for leaving at [16:15],thank you.
Let me confirm this information: Are you leaving from Peterborough at around 16:15 and going to Cambridge on Tuesday?
Yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 16:15, please.
There's a train, TR5267, which leaves Peterborough at 16:19, arr. Cambridge 17:09. It's 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for one person and provide the reference number.
All booked. Your reference number is LBUHU6M3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me book a hotel called [el shaddai]?
What day would you like to stay at the el shaddai?
Right now I just need their phone number and to know if they have internet or not please.
Sure they do have internet and their phone number is 01223327978.
Thank you! That's all for me. Goodbye!
Glad I could help. Let me know if there's ever anything else you need.


I am looking for a cheap place to have a meal.
Sure, do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like?
The type of food doesn't matter to me, but I would like the restaurant to be in the north.
Okay there is indian and italian food. Which do you prefer?
[Italian] sounds good. I need a reservation for Thursday at [16:15], please.
How many will be in your party?
I need a table for 3 people.
You have a table at [da vinci pizzeria]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BSAJGSJ8 . Do you need anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you
Thank you, have a good day. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.
There are many, can you tell me what type of food you are looking for?
I would love to try [modern european]. Do you have that type?
I have two available. Both are moderately priced. I have the De Luca Cucina and Bar. The other is the Riverside Brasserie. Do you prefer one of these?
Perhaps the [Riverside Brasserie]. I would like to book a table for 8 at [11:00] on Monday, please get me the reference number. Thank you.
your book was successful. Your reference is YFNH30LM . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need at train arriving by [08:45] to Cambridge.
Ok perfect, what day do you want to depart?
I will be leaving Monday.
Okay, great, and your location of departure?
I am departing from leicester
Train TR8829 departs from Leicester at 6:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 7:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds fine. Can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?
Okay, your booking is successful and your reference number is N78T0X5J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.


Can you give me info on four start places, It doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.
There are several 4 star hotels in Cambridge. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the city center. I will be driving there.
Do you have a star or price preference?
I would like a 4 star.
There's a hotel and a guesthouse that meet your criteria and since you're driving, both offer parking. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : F4RNCHZA . You will be staying at the [University Arms Hotel]. Is there anything more I can do for you?
Looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel, possibly a concerthall.
There is only one concert hall in town. [The Man on the Moon] is located in the centre.
Well I guess that's where I'll be then. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee?
Of course. The address is 2 Norfolk Street. I'm afraid that the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to leave the attraction please.
And where are you headed?
To my hotel. I want to leave the attraction by [08:45] please.
The car will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07060826404. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed. You were very helpful.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
I have 23 guesthouses that would meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or price range?
Sure. I need something in the North, and I'd like a 4 star establishment.
acorn guest house is a great place
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, phone number, and if they have free parking?
They do have parking available. I'm sure you'll love it. They're at 154 chesterton road, cb41da and their phone number is 01223353888. Want to book a room?
No thank you. I'm looking for a train that is departing from Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge.
What day are you wanting to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on thursday
There are many leaving that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave on thursday and should leave [after 20:00.]
Great. I have a train that leaves at 20:40. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you, I just need the arrival and travel time.
The TR5106 arrives in Cambridge at 23:23. The travel time is 163 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I needed! Thank you so much.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi! Can you give me some information on the [Bangkok City] restaurant?
Of course! It's an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre at 24 Green Street City Centre cb23jx. Their phone is 01223354382. May I help with anything else?
No that was all. Thank you very much.
OK, goodbye!
I'm also looking for museums to see in the west.
Oh, certainly. We have seven, including the Museum of Classical Archaeology, and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.
Can I have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?
The [museum of classical archaeology] is free at sidgwick avenue with postcode cb39da. The cambridge and county folk museum is at 2-3 castle street, postcode cb30aq and cost 3.50 pounds.
I'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.
So, you need something from the restaurant to the museum then? What time are you wanting to leave or be there by?
I want to leave the [museum] by [03:15], please.
Before I book your taxi, which museum you will be visiting? Can you confirm that the taxi will pick you up at the museum and drop you at the restaurant?
I would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.
Great. A black ford will be waiting for you outside of the Folk Museum at 3:15. The driver's phone number is 07642790462. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be all for me. Goodbye.
Thank you and have fun at the museum and restaurant!


Hi, I am looking for information for my upcoming trip. Can you help me with some attractions?
Absolutely. Which area of town will you be visiting?
I'd like something in the east.
There are many attractions in the east, including boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, and sports. Are you interested in anything specific?
No, It doesn't matter pick something for me. I'll need to know what the entrance fee is though.
I would suggest the funk fun house. I do not have an entrance fee listed but you can call them at 01223304705.
That sounds interesting, what type of attraction is it?
There are quite a few options in the center. And most museums are free to enter.
What type of attraction is the [Funk Fun House]?
It is an entertainment attraction.
Great. I also need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.
There are 202 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, arrival time, or departure time?
Yes, the train should leave after [9:00]. I'm departing from ely. I'll need the arrival time and travel time, please?
The earliest is TR4212 which leaves at 09:35. It arrives by 09:52 and takes 17 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Yeah, I need a train on Sunday.
I can certainly help with that. Where would you like to depart from?
Departing from Cambridge
Can you please tell me your destination?
The train should go to Bishops Stortford and leave after [14:45].
The first train after 14:45 TR3600 leaves at 15:29. Would you like to book the train?
Can you tell me the travel time first?
The first train leaves at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07, the duration is 38 minutes
That sounds great, that's all I wanted to know.
Can I help you find anything else, today?
That should be all. Thank you!
Have a good rest of your day!


Are there any concert halls in the west?
I am sorry there are no listings for concerthalls in the west. Is there something else I can assist you with today?
What about colleges in the west?
There are five colleges in that area. Three have no entrance fees. Would you like additional information on any of these?
No thank you. I am looking for information [el shaddai] hotel.
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre part of town. It has free internet, parking and has 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you? That would be great. There are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on Thursday. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.
Okay. I've got you booked for a 5-night stay at El Shaddai for 5 nights and 5 people. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes could I get the reference number for the booking please.
Of course, Reference number is : 2SLFLKIC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day!
Thank you and enjoy your time with us in Cambridge!


Have you ever heard of a hotel called the [Ashley Hotel]?
I have. The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced, 2 star hotel on the north side. Can I get you any more information?
Do they have free parking? And what is their hotel type?
They are a hotel with free parking and free wifi! Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I was just looking for information, thanks though!
Okay, well, did you need anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You are welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a train.
Sure thing. Could you tell me where you're departing from, where you're arriving, and when you'd like to travel by train?
I need to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.
What is your destination?
I am heading to the Stansted Airport, just myself, and I need to leave after [17:00]. Go ahead and book it and give me the reference number.
I have booked your train. 10.1 GBP is payable at the station and the reference number is VPHSFWC9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they have. Thank you!
It has been my pleasure! Don't hesitate to contact us again if you require any additional assistance.


I want to find an expensive 4 star hotel.
I have 2 expensive 4 star hotels, one in the west and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference to area?
Do you have one in the south that includes free parking?
I'm sorry, no, none in the south.
Okay, I'd really like to stay on the south end of town so is there one in the cheap price range instead?
i don't have any hotels in the south part of town.
Well are there any cheap hotels anywhere in town?
There is a cheap hotel with 4 stars on the west side of town. If you could restate your exact preferences I can try searching again.
Sure. Look for a cheap hotel, 4 stars, in the south. Free parking also.
There are no hotels that meet your criteria in the south. There is one cheap 4 star guesthouse with parking in the south. Does that work?
Can we start over? I think there is a bit of confusion. I need a hotel with four stars, in the south, and free parking
There is nothing in the expensive range, there is a choice of one cheap or one moderate 4 star guesthouse in the south with parking. Would either of these be OK?
Cheap is fine. Please book for Friday, 3 nights, 3 people.
It is not open then, how about a shorter stay?
I can book for 1 night instead.
Very good. You are set for 1 night at Rosa's. The reference number is 8QUJMPP7 . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it for now. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I'm trying to find a restaurant by the name of [ali baba]. Can you help me out?
Sure! Ali Baba is at 59 Hills Road City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Six people at [14:00] on Monday.
Ok, your reservation is all set. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UXY6QBZY . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Yeah, I'm also looking for find a train out of Cambridge that will arrive by [11:15].
great, what is your destination?
My destination is the Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
I have 6 trains available departures starting 05:40 to 10:40. What time would you like to leave?
Can you just give me the departure time of the one that gets me to Stansted a little before 11:15?
There is one that arrives by 11:08 and it departs at 10:40. Would you like to book that?
No. That's all I needed to know, thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!! Can you help me??
Absolutely we have 79 locations, do you have a style you'd like to see?
I'm looking for a hotel called [Cityroomz], do you know anything about that?
Yes, it's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Yes I would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on Tuesday.
I was able to book you a room for three days starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is NZ2XYT90 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find a nightclub in the west?
There are no nightclubs in the west. Another type or place perhaps?
Well, could you look for a college?
[Churchill college] has a lot going on at night, that would be a good fit, would you like more information?
Sure can I get the phone number to this college?
The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else i can help you with ?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by [19:45]. Can you please help me with that?
I was able to find a taxi it will be a white ford and the number is 07987674109. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no that will be all
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's a been a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?
Of course. There are 5 restaurants in the south that are expensive. 2 Chinese, 2 Indian and 1 Mexican. Do you have a preference?
Don't you have one that serves [south african] food?
No, I'm sorry. Would you like me to check in another part of town?
Actually, could you see if there is an [Italian] one?
There is a restaurant called [frankie and bennys]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at [18:15] this Thursday?
Can we try another day or time slot? It appears this one is full.
Can you try to book for [17:15]?
I've booked your reservation at Frankie and Bennys Thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5. Your reference number is 6FX43AF8, your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help! We will arrive there at Frankie and Bennys ,17 :15 on Thursday. Is it close to [funky fun house]? We are looking for that
Funky Fun House is in the east area of town.
What kind of attraction is Funky Fun House?
I do not know the answer to that, sorry. You can call them at 01223304705 for further clarification. Again, I'm really sorry for the inconvenience.
That is fine, I will contact them. Thank you.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Hmm, well I am really wondering what the Funky Fun House is as for as attraction type. It doesn't give any additional info on that?
It is listed as entertainment.
Should i just call them directly for more info?
Yes, again, their phone number is 01223304705.
Great, thanks. That's all I needed.
OK, have a great day. Please contact me again if I can help you further. Good bye.


I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves [south indian] food.
I am sorry there are no restaurants in the are that match that description.
What kind of moderately-priced restaurants are there in the center of town, then?
We've got 21 moderately-priced restaurants in the centre. There are Asian Oriental, British, Chinese, European, Gastropub, International, Italian, Lebanese, Modern European, Spanish, and Turkish options. Do any of those interest you?
Good. I would like to try [Asian] Oriental then.
The Yippee noodle bar meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. How about a moderately priced modern European restaurant?
[Hotel Du Vin and Bistro] serves [European] food and is moderately priced. Does this sound good to you?
Yes, thank you. Will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on Saturday at [15:15] and provide me with the reference number?
Sure thing! Your table is booked, and your reference number is SQ8N4IJX . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, could you find a hotel that offers free wifi in the same part of town as the restaurant?
There are 5 options that fit your criteria. Do you have a price range in mind or any other specifications?
No. I just need it to be for three people, for three nights.
I am showing a total of five results that match your criteria. May I suggest the four star Alexander Bed and Breakfast, located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Actually, I need it to be a hotel, not a bed and breakfast.
What about the [Gonville Hotel]? It is an expensive hotel in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on saturday?
Your booking is complete, reference number is AEDKGYBD . Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a taxi that arrives at the booked time of the restaurant.
Alright, I have a cab booked for you from the Gonville Hotel arriving at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro by 15:15. Anything else I can do for you?
Could I please get the car type and contact number of the taxi?
The car is a black audi and the contact number is 07306125704. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all. You have been very helpful.
It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.


I am looking for something to do on the north side of town.
You could check out the [riverboat georgina], located with the cambridge passenger cruisers at the jubilee house.
Sounds good. What's the address?
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Also, can you find me a place to stay, in moderate price and includes free wifi?
There are 17 offerings. What part of town are you interested in?
The part of town doesn't matter, and I don't need free parking. Which would you recommend?
Is there a price range you would like to look for?
Moderate price range.
The [acorn guest house] is nice. Would you like to book a reservation there?
I don't need a reservation right now. Just the address, postcode, and number of stars for that hotel, please.
Sure. The address is 154 Chesterton Road, the phone number is 01223353888 and it is a 4 star hotel. Anything else I can help with?
Very well. I also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by [10:15].
OK, I have a grey Volvo picking you up at the riverboat georgina and heading to the acorn guest house at 10:15. The contact number is 07727986161. Will that be all?
yes, that is all good bye
Thank you, and have a great day!


I want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town. My budget is a little constrained so moderately priced would be ideal.
You're in luck, we have several great restaurants that are moderately priced. What type of food would you like?
Do you have anything that serves [international] food?
Yes, there are 2 restaurants. There's [The Varsity Restaurant] and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like any additional information?
Let's do the varsity place for 3 people [11:00] on tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1JB0JK8C .
I need a train departing Cambridge on Wednesday.
OK, where are you headed and at what time?
I need to be in Birmingham New Street by [13:15], if possible, please.
Train TR9781 will arrive at your destination at 13:51, would you like me to book it for you


Good afternoon, would you kindly tell me where the Parkside Police Station is?
Sure. The Parkside Police Station is at Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, please provide me with the address and postcode.
Parkside, Cambridge Postcode :CB11JG. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that takes care of everything for me. Thanks a bunch.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant that sell [seafood,will] prefer one in the center of the city.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
I would like a train into Cambridge from Stevenage.
Is there a specific day and time you would like to travel at?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by [8:00].
The TR9448 arrives at 06:43. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book 7 seats.
All set. You are booked for 7 people on TR9448. You reference number is B1Q6DDTE . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a hotel as well.
ok for how many people and when are you planning your stay?
Whoa whoa, easy there tiger, Lets narrow the search down first. In the center, 0 stars, cheap and it can be a hotel or guesthouse.
How about el shaddai? Fits your request perfectly.
Is [El Shaddai] a guest house or hotel?
El Shaddai is a guesthouse. Anything other questions about them?
Do they have parking?
Yes, they have free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to. I was just curious about it. Thank you for all of your help.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a [chinese] restaurant.
ok what location?
It should be in the same area?
i only have one option can i book it for you?
No, I don't need a chinese restaurant after all. Thanks for looking.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's everything I needed and then some, actually! Thanks, take care!
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!


Hi, I'm planning a trip to North Cambridge and I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. Can you help?
There are two moderately priced restaurants in north cambridge. The golden wok serves chinese food and the nirala serves indian food. Would you like a table at one of those?
I think I'll try the [Golden Wok]. Can you get a reservation for 2 people [11:30] this Thursday?
I'm sorry, but they have no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
how about [10:30] then?
I have you booked for Thursday at 10:30. Your reference number is Y4VBKJFT . Keep in mind the table is reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Is there a train that arrives by [15:15] from Cambridge?
There are 714 trains. Where are you travelling to?
I am going to bishops stortford, leaving on Friday.
Train TR8585 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, for 2 people. Can I have the reference number?
Ok, I have booked the train for you. The reference number is 4NSCBU57 . What else can I help you with?
No thank you.
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.


I'm wanting to find a restaurant. The location I want is the west and I want something in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
Certainly! There are 3 options for moderately priced restaurants in the West: British, Indian or Italian. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the phone number for the [Indian] restaurant?
Yes, the phone number for the meghna restaurant is 01223727410. What other information would you like?
That's all that I needed, thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I've heard of your [Museum of Classical Archaeology], and I'd like to know more about it.
The Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west part of town. Would you like the address or phone number?
The west part of town? Sure, give me more info about it?
It's address is at sidgwick avenue and it is free to enter. Would you like their phone number as well?
No, but I need a cheap [chinese] restaurant nearby as well.
There aren't any cheap Chinese restaurants nearby but there are 4 in town. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, please. I need it for 8 people at [14:00] Thursday and a reference number.
I have that booked for you at [Charlie Chan's] in the centre of town. Reference number E41S2AFE
I'll need a taxi to commute between the two.
I have you booked at [charlie chan] on thursday at 14:00 here is your Reference number is : E41S2AFE .
Can I please also book a taxi between the museum and the restaurant?
When would you like the leave and arrive by?
I don't mind what time we leave, but I need to arrive at the restaurant by [14:00].
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Skoda. Should you need to contact them, their phone number is 07389012325. Anything else?
What time did you book the taxi to pick me up at the museum?
They did not mention what time that would be, only that you'd be arriving at the restaurant by 14:00. Perhaps you can give them a ring at that contact number?
I'll do that. Could you please tell me once more the contact number and the car type?
The car type is a black skoda and the contact number is 07389012325. Is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thank you.
Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Thank you once again for your help.
Please have a nice day.


I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
There are quite a few hotels with free parking! Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I am planning my trip to Cambridge. I am looking for a cheap place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and I want the hotel to be in the type of a guesthouse.
There are a few guesthouses available. What area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter to me, but I would like it to have free parking. Tell me about your favorite?
[allenbell] is by far my favorite with free parking.
Great, can you book a room for Thursday? I will be alone and need to stay for 3 nights.
Hmmm, it looks like I can't book that right now, would you like to shorten your stay, or tray another day?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is HRAL8TCK . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I need a train that leaves Cambridge and goes to Bishops Stortford.
What day would you like to travel? And do you have a preference for time of day?
I'd like to travel on Saturday and arrive by [19:30].
Train TR0969 will arrive by 18:07 would you like me to book it?


I am looking for a cheap room, free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town.
I am looking for a hotel in the east.
I have 3 guesthouse in he east all with 4 stars, the allenbell, auumn house or leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Yes, the [allenbell] sounds good.
Okay, how long would you like me to make your reservation?
That won't be necessary. I just need to look for a train now.
Certainly, I can help you with that. Do you know what station you want to go to or leave from?
I would like to go from Stansted to Cambridge, please.
Do you have a preference for the day or the arrival time?
Yes the train should leave on Monday and arrive by [10:30].
Okay, I think TR3304 would be most suitable. It leaves Stansted Airport at 09:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 09.52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book six tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6GY1YTLN .
Thank you that was all i needed
Is there nothing else you need?
No, good bye.
Thank you for using our system today!


Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?
sure, what day will you be travelling?
I will be travelling on Monday and need to arrive by [18:45].
TR0254 arrives 18:10. Want to book?
Could you tell me the cost of the train ticket?
The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Great thanks. So what time do I need to be at the Cambridge station?
You need to be at the Cambridge station at 17:21.
Thank you very much. Could you help me get a guesthouse as well?
Do you have a price range or area preference?
One in the west, would be best.
What price range would you like?
I would like something in the moderate price range.
sure when are you planning your stay so I can book the room for you
I do not need it to be booked. Can I just get the postcode and whether it has internet?
Sure. [Hobsons House] is a guest house in the west with moderate pricing and internet. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, does the guesthouse have a star rating of 3?
Yes, hobsons house does have a 3 star rating. It is located at 96 barton road and their phone number is 01223304906. Do you need anything else today?
Just one other thing. Can you clarify the travel time for the train? I need to make sure I am prepared. TR0254 I believe.
sure, the travel time for the train is as follows; departure 17:21 arrival 18:10


I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. Could you recommend me three restaurants?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south of town, and Restaurant Alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town.
Is there a third restaurant?
There is not.
OK. Can you give me the address and phone number for Restaurant [Alimentum]?
Their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 Hills Road.
Thanks much! Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for an entertainment venue to visit in the Cambridge centre.
will you mind to elaborate more? maybe on price?
I'm looking in the expensive price range.
I haven't found any in that part of town. How about another area?
how about one that is in the type of college. i also need the entrance fee, address, and phone number
I have many in that area would you like one that is free or had an entrance fee?
That does not matter can you recommend one please?
[Gonville and Caius College] is on Trinity Street and has no entrance fee. The number is 01223332400.
Thank you, can I also book a guesthouse? it would need ot have free parking.
There are 21 different guesthouses across town with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind? Or do you want to stay in a particular neighborhood?
We can narrow this down a bit. I prefer a guest house in the east.
There are 5, 3 are cheap, 2 are moderate. How about carolina bed and breakfast? They are moderately priced.
[Carolina bed and breakfast] will work. Can I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223247015. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Does the Carolina bed and breakfast have free wifi?
Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, I need to meet with my group before booking but can I get their number please?
The phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you that's all I needed today.
Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


Hi, I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip. Can you help me find a place to dine when I am there?
Of course I can help you with that. May I ask your price range and what kind of food you would like to eat?
I would like expensive [italian] food. What do you suggest?
Does it matter where your restaurant is located? We have four expensive italian restaurants in the center, and one in the south.
I would like the one in the South.
I would recommend [Frankie and Bennys]. Would you like any particular information about that restaurant?
Please book that one for 5 people on Thursday at [17:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:30. Your reference number is IIL1W17L
I am also looking for a swimming pool.
I would recommend [parkside pools] in the centre, would you like more information?
Where is the area the swimming pool is? Also can i have contact number and Car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.
The pool is located in the centre. For your taxi what time would like to leave the restaurant and arrive at the pool?
Well, my reservation is at [17:30] so before that.
Ok that is reserved the car type is a white skoda and contact number is 07749508592.
Great thank you, that was all I needed today.
I hope you have a great trip!


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the centre of town.
Absolutely. What price range are you looking for?
I don't really care.
[stazione restaurant and coffee bar] is an italian restaurant in the centre area. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, four people on tuesday at [18:00]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DL0PXR9G . May I help with anything else ?
Can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?
yes we have 5 all in the centre of town.
Great. Can I get the information about one of them?
Sure the [Ballare] costs 5 pounds to get in and is located in the center at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard.
What is the postcode for that one?
The postcode for the Ballare is cb23na. Would you like any other information?
I also need a taxi.
For the reservation of the taxi, can you tell me your pickup and drop off locations?
Yes [Ely] to [Cambridge] please. Thanks
You want a train from Ely to Cambridge, is this right? I also need a travel date and departure or arrival time.
I'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. I'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.
i have booked a yellow volvo with contact 07259480629
that is it for today thanks.
You are welcome. Have a marvelous time in Cambridge. Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Yes, can you lookup the [chiquito restaurant bar] for me.
Yes I found it, what information would you like?
Can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at [20:00] please.
Alright, your table will be booked for that time.
Thank you. May I get a reference number?
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes in the same area and price range. I'll need a reference number too.
I booked a table at [The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway]. Your reference number is MDK9A3PR . The restaurant is at 82 Cherry Hinton Road. Will that be all?
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day!
Thank you


Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the area. It should serve [Spanish] food, and it should also be in the more expensive price range. Can you possibly help me?
I haven't found anything matching what you're looking for.
How about a [chinese] restaurant then?
Yes I have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in?
Area does not matter.
the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south would you like me to book it?


I need to book a hotel. I need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel proper?
It should be a hotel type with free parking.
I have found [University Arms Hotel] on regent street with a 4 star rating and free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book that one. It will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on Sunday.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try to stay for a short period or start on a different day?
Alright, what about only for 3 nights then. I can do 3, book it and give me the reference number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : D09887CW . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a [korean] restaurant in the same area as that hotel.
There's a restaurant called [Little Seoul]. It's expensive, but also on Regent Street. Would that work?
Yes please book it for 3 people sunday.
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it booked for the same day at [14:15]. Can I get a reference number too?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 9NJXK7CF . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all.
Alright. If you need anything else, feel free to ask. Have a wonderful trip.


I'd like to go to an attraction in the east side of town.
There are 10 different attractions on the East side of town. Would you like to go to [Funky Fun House]? It is an entertainment attraction.
That sounds great. Do you have a contact number for them?
Certainly, the phone number for the funky fun house is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like to stay in an expensive place. It should be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I have found 33 hotels for you to consider. Would you like it be located in the East part of town?
No I need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting saturday
There is one hotel that fits your description, but it isn't available for 4 days. Could you change arrival day or length of time?
How about one night?
Great, i have booked [express by holiday inn cambridge] for 7 people for 1 night starting Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5AGSV9JB . May I help with anything else?
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by [7:45]. Please include contact number and car type
Sure I was able to book you a grey Volkswagen for 7:30 and your contact number is 07956540590.
Great. That is all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Okay thank you.


I have plans to visit [churchill college] and need a taxi to do so
I can help with that! What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:00.
Ok, what time do you want to leave?
As I mentioned, I'd like to leave after [17:00], please. I need to be picked up from [the varsity restaurant].
07720877593 is you contact. I have you booked in a yellow Lexus.
Thank you so much.
No problem. Are you finished?


I have just been robbed and i am seeking assistance
I am sorry to hear that. You can contact the police at 01223358966. The address is Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. Can I help you futher?
That was everything. Thanks
You are quite welcome, thanks for using our services.


Hello I am looking for a restaurant called [J restaurant]
J restaurant is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. It is cheap and located at 86 Regent Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Can you reserve a table for 2 for Sunday at [13:15]?
Absolutely, your reservation's been made. Your reference number is YAHBIZR5 . Can I help you with something else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.
There are several hotels of that nature. What is your price range?
I'm looking for something cheap with free parking.
Hotel allenbell is what I found that is cheap and has parking.
Could you get the postcode for Hotel [Allenbell] for me?
The postcode is cb13js. Would you like to get a room reserved?
Yes, please reserve the room.
What day will you be checking in, and how many will you stay for? I assume it is for 2 people?
Actually, on second thought. I should book it later. But, can you book me a taxi from [Allenbell] to [J Restaurant]. I need to be there by [13:15].
Your taxi was booked! The car type will be blue ford and the contact number is 07646890093.
Thanks, I think that's all I need. Could you just confirm whether the Allenbell is a Hotel or a Guest House?
Allenbell is a guesthouse.
Thank you. That will be everything today. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.
da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaraunt in the north part of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
Is there anything else?
City Stop Restaurant is in the north part of town, and it is in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town?
Royal Spice is a cheap restaurant on the north side of town. Would you like their address?
Address and phone number for [Royal Spice], yes please.
The phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [Welsh] food.
There are no Welsh restaurants in the north of town. Would you like something else?
[Italian]
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] would be your only option in the north. Would you like their address and phone number?
That would be great thanks!
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707. May I help you with anything else?
That's it, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Thanks!
You're welcome.


Hello there. I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. Can you help me find a good one?
I can definitely assist you. Did you have a type of cuisine or price range in mind?
Something moderately priced. I don't have a cuisine preference.
I have 31 moderately priced options available. Do you have a particular area you're interested in?
Yeah, preferably in the center of town.
There are 21 different options in the centre of town. If you are looking for a great recommendation, I suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. They serve amazing food.
Excellent that sounds great. I'm also looking for something to do. Can you find me an attraction in the same area of The [Cow Pizza Kitchen]?
We have lots of attractions in the Centre. What type are you looking for?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi
I recommend the [Holy Trinity Church] on Market Street. Can you give me a day and time you need a taxi? I can get one for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. I need to leave the attraction by [04:30].
I have the taxi reserved for you. It will be a white Honda. The contact number is 07053284393. Can I help with anything else today?
Thats all I need today, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Could you recommend me any expensive places to try?
Yes several. I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House,Midsummer House Restaurant or Fitzbillies Restaurant
What type of food do those places serve?
All three serve British Cuisine.
Alright, would you also be able to help me find a train? I'm looking to leave on Friday.
I found 404 trains leaving on Friday. What is your departure and destination locations?
I'll be going to stansted airport from cambridge, and I need to arrive by [8:00].
I found two trains that will do that, one will leave at 5:40, and one will leave at 6:40, which would you like to book?
As long as it will be arriving by 08:00 it doesn't really matter which one, but I need the price of each ticket please.
Both trains cost 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Great thank you so much.
Would you still like me to book a ticket for you or are you satisfied at this point?
I think I'm all set. Thank you very much!
No problem! Have a great trip!


I am looking for a entertainment attraction in the centre of town.
I'm sorry I have no entertainment options in the center of town. Would you be interested in trying another type of attraction or area?
Yes can you look for a museum?
Yes there are 11 different museums in centre. Are you interested in a particular type?
Can you tell me the different museums available?
What are you interested in?
Are there any that feature anything archeological items?
there is the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]
That sounds great. Can you give me the phone number?
Yes their telephone number is 01223333516.
Can I get the postcode for the museum as well?
Of course. The postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need an insanely expensive hotel that has free wifi
There are 5 options available. Do you prefer a specific area or number of stars?
The highest rated one you have, I need 5 people booked for a 2 night stay starting saturday.
I have 2 options available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Both are 4 star with internet and parking.
Can you book the [marriott hotel] for 5 people and 2 nights on saturday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5K1TGKMU .
i also need to use a taxi
Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your travel destination, departure site, and time please.
I'll be going from the museum to the hotel. I'll need to leave by [09:30] please.
You are all set. Please look for a blue Toyota, which will arrive by 9:30. The contact number is 07988683424. Do you need anything else today?
that is all for today thanks very much
Any time, happy to help! Have a good day!


I'm looking for specific restaurant.
Do you know the name of this restaurant?
The [Hakka] restaurant is located at 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire CB4 1JY. The average cost is approximately 30 per person.
Looks like you're doing my job for me! Did you want to know about the Hakka Restaurant then?
Maybe. Anyway. I also need a place to stay in the south area.
I found a 4 star moderately priced aylesbray lodge guest house located in the south. Would you like me to book reservations.


Can you help me find a place to eat called [sala thong]?
Absolutely! They are a great thai restaurant in the west of town. They are located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham. Did you need help reserving a table or any other info?
Please make a booking for people at [19:00] on monday. I also need a reference number once booked.
I'm sorry, there's nothing available at that time. Could you perhaps do a different time?
Sure, try a time that would work. Maybe [20:00]?
That was unsuccessful as well, do you have another time?
Well, I'm also looking for train on Monday departing from Leicester to Cambridge arriving by [12:45].
I have a train that arrives at 11:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I also need the train id, departure time and travel time.
The train is TR0032, it departs at 10:09 and travel time is 105 minutes. How many tickets do you need?
As for now, just one please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3KP0ATIS . Anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks!
My pleasure. Please call again if there is anything we can do to help.


Hello, can you find me a train to Cambridge on Thursday?
There are quite a few trains to Cambridge on Thursday. Where are you departing from, and at what time would you like to leave?
I would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by [9:30].
There is a train that departs from Peterborough, arriving at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Can you make a reservation for 2 people?
You are all set on the TR9303. The fee will be 33 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7M26SARU . Can I be of further assistance?
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want [Spanish] food
[La Raza] in the centre fits that criteria. Would you like a reservation?
No, no reservation is necessary. May I get their address and postcode please?
You can find La Raza at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, postcode cb23ll. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm all set thank you, goodbye!
Thank you and have a nice trip.


Hi! I need a taxi from [little saint mary's church] to [trinity college]. I sure hope you can help me!
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after [24:45].
Your booking is complete, a grey toyota will be picking you up.
I'll also need the contact number.
Of course, the number is 07655357606. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Thank you and have a great day!


You can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the East
There are 3 guesthouse in the east that are moderately priced. They are a and b guest house, carolina bed and breakfast, and warkworth house. WOuld you like to book one?
One that has free parking
Sure. How about [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]? It's located at 138 Peme Rd. How many nights and how many people? When will you need this?
I want to make a reservation for three people starting Monday. We will be staying for 2 nights.
Your Reference number is : 4K8MWGUW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a restaurant that serves [Indian] food in the same area as the hotel
There are five restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you prefer an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
I prefer everything moderately priced.
Thanks for clarifying! I recommend [Curry Prince] located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. The same number of people on the same day. Please book for 3 people at [18:00] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YO377QCJ . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will also need to find a taxi.
I can book a taxi for you, no problem, I will just need to know when and where you will need the ride?
I need a taxi to drive us from the [Carolina Bed & Breakfast] to [Curry Prince] restaurant to arrive by my booked time of [18:00].
I have booked you a taxi to arrive at your destination by 18:00. It will be a grey honda and the contact number is 07912899437. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you so much
Have a great trip.


I would like to know if there is an [Italian] restaurant nearby me.
We have 15 italian restaurants. Let me find one close to you, what area are you in?
I guess we don't need a restaurant after all. My husband isn't hungry. He wants to take a look at a college instead.
There are many colleges to choose from, which area of town are you interested in?
I would like to find one in the west. Are there any in that area?
The are five colleges in the west. Would you like to visit a free one or one with an entrance fee?
I don't care, just need the postcode, phone number, and address.
Okay [Churchill College] is free and their address is Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and their phone number is 01223336233.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the same area as the attraction.
What type of food would you like?
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at [15:15] on wednesday, and I'll need the reference number too please
Ok, I've booked you a table for 4 at [Prezzo]. Reference number is YXVRL9YK, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I'll also be needing a taxi to get me from the college to the restaurant.
When and where would you like to be picked up?
From Churchill, and i want to get there by the time you booked my table.
I have a red audi and the contact number is 07674679354. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
Thank you for using our service today!


What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street?
I have many trains that can get you to your destination. What day would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Friday.
I have not found any train that matches your info. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that leaves after [15:00] on Friday.
Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.
How about TR9756, it leaves at 15:40. How many tickets would you like
1 ticket please. I am also looking for a moderately priced [turkish] restaurant located in the centre.
Alright, your train ticket has been purchased and the reference number is 41YRXR8G . There are also 2 moderately priced Turkish restaurants in the centre of town, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
Going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to Cambridge? Then, I want to book the [Anatolia restaurant] for Friday, also. Thank you.
The train trip is 163 minutes. How many people will be in your party for the restaurant?
It would be 2 people.
What time will that be?
I'd like the table reserved for [19:00].
ok I have reserved a table for 2 at the [Anatolia] Restaurant for 19:00. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me the reference number?
Certainly, the number is KRE2S785 . Can I be of further assistance?
No, that is all I need for now. Thanks so much. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I want to go to Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge in postcode CB20QQ.
Ok thank you for the information.
You are more than welcome!


Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!
OK, do you need information on a specific restaurant or do you want me to run a search?
I want an expensive [indian] restaurant, please.
I have 14 entries showing. Would you like a certain area of town or I could recommend the cocum in the west area?
I'll give the [Cocum] a try. Please book a table for 6 for [12:45] on Thursday.
Reference number is : HEBFPW6J . Is there anything else?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.
I have one in the south and one in the centre. They are both expensive, with free parking and wifi. Can I help you make a booking at one?
I'll go with the one in the south. I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.
[gonville hotel] is a nice place ,I will book it for you
Yes please.
Our reservation system seems to be having trouble. In the meantime let me double check on the amenities. The Gonville is a hotel rather than a guesthouse - is that okay?
Can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?
Unfortunately, the booking system is still down.
Can you find a taxi for me?
What time will you need a taxi?
I need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by [12:45]
Booking was successful. Reference number is : F5HL5G1J . is for your hotel.
Thats it thanks
Glad I can help. Do you need anything else ?
I'm sorry, what did you say? Is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?
That's the reference number for the hotel.
Okay can you do the taxi now please?
Yes, a red skoda is booked now. The number is 07003213138
Great, that's all I need. Ta ta.
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I need a train that leaves after [13:30] saturday afternoon please.
Can you please tell me what your destination is for that trip?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage, please.
There are 5 trains meeting that criteria. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I would like to book the ticket now, could I please have the train ID?
The train ID is TR8813, how many tickets would you like to book?
I can take care of that myself. Can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced cheaply please.
How about Portuguese cuisine at [Nandos]? Would you like any more information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
That's perfect. I'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at [10:00] on the same day. Could I get the reference number as well, please?
OK, you have a table for 1 at 10:00 on Saturday at Nandos. Your reference number is 3JRN2T9Y . Can I help with anything else today?
I am all set. Thanks!
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Please, if you have any more questions, do not hesitate to ask.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [city centre north b and b]
City centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please. I need reservations for eight people starting this Wednesday and we need it for three nights.
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the number of nights or the starting day?
Could you start the booking on Saturday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KA34QUWB .
That's all I need, thank you!
Thank you goodbye


I need to book a taxi after [20:30]. I need to go from [ali baba] to [pipasha restaurant]. Also I'll need the contact number and car type.
Your taxi is booked. Please be on the lookout for a black volvo and the contact number is 07827592182. Is there anything else i can help with?
No that will be all! Thank you!
Okay, you're welcome! have a wonderful day!


I'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town.
[Golden wok] is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range.
I'd like to have their phone number and address.
their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you goodbye


I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.
We have quite a few options available to you, where are you heading to?
I need to arrive by [21:30] and go to London Liverpool street.
TR9732 departs Cambridge at 19:59 and arrives London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like for me to book that?
Yes, for six people, please. I will need a reference number, as well.
I have completed the booking. The total fee is 79.67 GBP and your reference number is 58YNZ8EQ .
I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking.
There are 2 expensive hotels and 3 moderate price guesthouses meeting your needs. Does the area matter to you? Or the type of lodging?
I'm just looking for now. Can you recommend a hotel?
Okay the gonville hotel looks good, it's in the city centre. Would you like a booking?
I want to confirm with you that the gonville does not need to include internet.
The Gonville does include the internet. Is that alright?
Yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!
Shall I book you a room then?
Yes, can I get the address please?
The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate the help today.
You are very welcome. Have a wonderful visit!
Goodbye!
Goodbye and have a safe trip!


I want to eat. I am looking for a [Jamaican] restaurant with a moderate price range please.
I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced Jamaican restaurants. What about a different food type?
I would really prefer Jamaican. Are there any in the centre part of town?
Unfortunately there is none there as well. Can I broaden your search further?
Okay, well how about one that serves [modern European] food in that area?
I have two modern european restaurants in the centre. Would you like to book at de luca cucina and bar?
Yes, that would be great and can you give me the postcode and their address please?
The address is 83 Regent Street, postcode cb21aw. What day and time would you like to book?
I will take care of that myself. Could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by [12:45]?
I'll be happy to help. I need to know the day and your departure site, please?
I leave on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge.
TR9635 will depart cambridge at 10:36 on wednesday and arrive in norwich at 11:55. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Please book that train.
Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like to book a total of 6 tickets. And can I please get the reference number.
I was able to successfully book your tickets for train TR9635. Your reference number is 6144V7BE . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much for your help.
Certainly! Have a nice day and contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.
We have several moderately priced restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food type or location preference?
I would like to try [Jamaican] cuisine.
I'm sorry but there doesn't seem to be any Jamaican restaurants available, do you have another food preference you'd like to try?
Sure, I'd be happy with some [European] food.
The Galleria is an excellent choice in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, but I would like the phone number please.
Sure thing. The phone number is 01223362054.
I am also looking for a train.
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to peterborough.
And when will you be travelling?
I am looking to leave Cambridge on Saturday.
Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
yes I need to arrive by [12:45], for 2 people
You have tickets on TR1615, reference number 3GF53QET .
Thank you so much, you have been very helpful. That is everything. Have a nice day, bye.
Glad to have been of assistance!


Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester?
There are many, got a destination in mind?
I want to go to cambridge.
What day and time will you be leaving?
I leave on sunday.
There is a train leaving at 5:09 I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves [italian] food and a phone number
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is an expensive Italian place in the Centre. Their phone number is 01223352607. Would you also like the address?
No thanks. Can I have to train id and price?
Sure, the train ID is TR7151 and the price is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, can you help me find a restaurant also?
Yes. I gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar previously. Were you looking for a specific restaurant?
Will the train arrive at Cambridge by 08:00?
I apologize, the trainID for the 5:09 is actually TR4106. You will arrive in cambridge by 6:54. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
Again, I already gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar, an expensive restaurant in the centre. If this doesn't suit you, then is there a specific place?
I apologize. I won't be needing anything else. good bye
Thank you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Hi, is there a restaurant in town called the [rice boat]?
Yes there is. rice boat is an [indian] restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please! I'd like a table on Sunday for 5 people at [20:00].
I'm sorry, but that time is unavailable. Is there another time you would like?
Could you try booking for [19:00] instead?
Booking was successful for 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : BL1DL1ZO . Can I do anything else for you?
That is all! Thank you for your help!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. I do need help with a place to stay.
What area of town will you be staying in?
I need information for the [warkworth house] for my hotel.
The Warkworth House is a guesthouse located on the east side of town in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?
I can certainly help you book a room. I will just need to know how many guests, how many days you are staying, and what day you plan to arrive.
I need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting Thursday.
You're all set! Your reference number is XM6Q1AUA .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a good museum to go to.
In what area?
It does not matter and please provide the entrance fee.
I can suggest the [Castle Galleries] in the city centre. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?
Sure I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the attraction by [16:15]. Please send me the contact number and car type. Thank you!
You're all set! The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07137237413.
Awesome! That is all I need for now, thank you!
Glad I was able to help you today. Goodbye.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
The [nirala] is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
What kind of food is that? Also what is the address and phone number?
Indian food. The address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you find?
Thank you that is all.
Your welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the centre?
Yes I have some can I get the price range you would like?
I'm not concerned with price. I do need a reservation for 7 at [15:30] on Wednesday.
I will book you at the best--The [Kohinoor]. Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MRRV4AHE . Anything else I can do for you?
Thanks. I also want to find a museum to visit while I am in town. Any type will be fine.
The [museum of archaelogy and anthropology] on university of cambridge, downing street is quite a gem and there's no charge to get in
That sounds great. Could I have the address please?
The address is university of cambridge downing street.
what is their entrance fee?
THey are free of charge, that is always good for the wallet. Anything else that I can assist with today?
That'll be all, thanks for all your help today!
I am glad to help thank you and ghoodbye


Yes, I'm looking for hotels in the north area.
There are 13 hotels north of cambridge. What price range would you prefer? Do you require internet or parking?
I don't care about price range or parking, but I do require free WiFi.
Would you like me to book you a room at the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
I need it to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
How about the ashley hotel, it is in the north with a 2 star rating with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Not now. I would like to get the postcode, please.
Certainly, the postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I also need to find a train departing from Leicester.
I can certainly help you with that! Can I assume you're coming from Leicester to fair Cambridge? What day and time would you like to travel?
Yes, you're right. I need to leave on Monday, and I need to arrive by [18:15].
I found TR3173 leaving at 5:09 would that work?
Can it get there by 18:15? And can you get tickets for two?
Your arrival time would be 06:54 would you like for me to find another train for you?
Yes, please. I'd rather not be that early.
Certainly! TR2985 will depart Leicester at 16:09 and arrive in Cambridge at 17:54. That one sounds like it's better for your time frame.
Great, if you could book that one for 2 people and provide me with the reference number, I would appreciate it.
Sure, I have booked the train for people on monday on TR2985, your reference number is 730ZJ7M6 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There is not. Thank you so much!
You're welcome and have a wonderful trip!


I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
I can definitely help you out with that. Is there a certain area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to be in the centre of town, and I need the hotel to include free parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range. It has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect. There will be six of us.
I will need to know how many nights and what day you will be starting your stay before we finish the booking.
We will be arriving on Friday and staying 3 nights.
I have booked your stay at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for Friday for 3 days for 6 people. Your reference number is DJF36WMD . Is there anything else I can help you with today.
I will need to take a train from Leicester on the same day as my hotel booking.
All trips from leicester cost 37.8 pounds and take 105 minutes. Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after [17:45] heading for Cambridge. Go ahead and book the closest time and give me the train ID and arrival time.
The train ID is TR9629, leaving at 18:09 and arriving by 19:54. Can you tell me how many tickets you would like to purchase?
I'd like one ticket please.
Alright I've booked you one ticket, the total will be 37.79 and your reference number is PGY0G1J2 . How else can I help you?
Can you please schedule a taxi to take me from the station to my hotel?
Sure, you need a taxi to Alexander Bed and Breakfast from where, and do you have an arrival time request?
I do not. I just need the train ID and what arrival time it has.
The train arrives by 19:54 and TR9629 is the train id.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with? Possibly entertainment or places to visit on your trip?


Can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. In fact, I need one that's quite inexpensive.
[nandos] is a nice place, it serves Portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town, is there anything else?
yes what is there address
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye.
Goodbye.


Where can I find [portuguese] food?
I found two portuguese restaurants. Would you prefer the south or centre part of town?
Any area.
[Nandos] is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
Thank you.


I need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves [New Zealand] food. Can you help?
I'm sorry, I'm not finding a restaurant in the south that serves New Zealand food.
What about a [Mexican] food restaurant also in the south part of town?
Yes, there is [Chiquito Restaurant Bar], which is an expensive Mexican place in the area. How does that sound?
That sounds good. Please book a table for 1 people at [13:15] on Monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2RJ7AU7V . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a hotel. It needs to have 2 star and be of a moderate range with free parking.
I have two such entries. Both are hotels in the north. There is the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
I will try the [Lovell lodge]. Will you book a room for me starting on Monday for 3 nights, please? I am traveling alone.
There is a known system glitch within dialogue systems where some things cannot be booked, the hotel can be reached at 01223425478, I apologize any other questions today?
That will be all then, thank you.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a 4 star place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I want it in the north, and it should include free parking.
I have a few places, do you have a price range in mind?
Can you please recommend one for me?
I think the [acorn guest house] is lovely!
please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Yes, I was able to book your guesthouse reservation. Your reference number is NVDLG2QR . Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all. Thank you.
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you find me a [corsica] restaurant?
I'm sorry, I can't find any place with Corsica food. Do you have a second choice?
Yes, a restaurant serving [british] food would be good.
There are 11 restaurants that serve British food. Do you have an area or price range preference?
I do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the west part of town.
[Graffiti] is an expensive British restaurant in the west. Would you like more information?
I'd like their address and phone number please.
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the phone number is 01223 277977. Can I find any further information for you?
What is the price range?
It is expensive.
That you, that's all I need to know.
Thank you, have a good day!


Can you get me a train leaving after [18:15] departing from cambridge?
Sure! What day are you leaving? Where are you heading to?
I need to go to Norwich on Friday.
There are several. You can leave as early as 18:36, and as late as 23:36. Trains are every hour. Which would you like?
[18:36], please. Book for 8 people. Give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: CXC7G5W9 . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, can I also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?
how about [archway house]?
Is it in the south?
aylesbray lodge guest house fits that criteria and is in the south.
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
01223240089 is the number and postcode is cb17sr address is 5 mowbray road
Thank you so much for your help.
Not a problem, have a good day!


Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after [16:00] on sunday.
We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.
That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BZX66OVA . Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.
Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.
I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.
Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can I get something that is expensive.
[Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is an expensive hotel in the east. Can I book you any rooms?
Yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.
Your reservation for 8 at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 64O9EZWU . Anything else today?
Just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?
Yes, both the train and hotel have been booked for Sunday. Is there anything I can help you with?
That will be it thanks a lot !
You're welcome, have a great day.


Where can I find the best architecture?
You must see [great saint mary's church]!!
Sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode for that?
Certainly! It is located in Market Square, which is in the center of town, and the postcode is CB23PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book the ticket.
I'm sorry, I do not understand your request. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, could you suggest some [thai] restaurants in the area?
You didn't select restaurant so I can not assist. Please fix.
I am looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. I need to leave after [15:15] on Friday.
TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive by 16:08. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds great I need reservations for 7. I also need the reference number.
Great, you're booked. The reference number is : WEHJ6M9J . Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.
Absoluting I will get right on that.
Jaja.. You're funny. Thanks for all your help today. Have a great day! Goodbye
of course, enjoy your visit!


Hi, can you please give me information on theatres in town?
I have 5 theaters located in the centre and south which area would you like?
There is no specific area.
I see. What sort of information can I help you with?
I am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a theatre. Can you search for one for me using the criteria I mentioned earlier?
The address for adc theatre is park street.
Is there a entrance fee? I am also looking for a cheap [north american] restaurant to dine at on the east side. Any recommendations?
Entrance fee is not mentioned. There are no restaurants in that area that fit your criteria. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Are there any serving [international] cuisine in the same area and price range?
[The Missing Sock] is an international restaurant in the East and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, get me a table for 3 at [15:30] on Saturday.
I have made those reservations and the reference number is Y40MJDC0 .
Great, thanks for your help!
Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all! Thank you!
Fantastic, have a great day!


I need an [indian] restaurant in the centre.
Curry garden has good reviews and serves Indian food in the centre of town.
I would like it to be in the expensive range of food, is that place expensive?
Yes, it's expensive. Would that work for you?
Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is cb21dp.
Great. Thank you! That is all I need.
Glad to be of assistance. Have a great day. Bye.


I want to find a college in the west.
There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college, clare college, clare hall, magdalene college, and queens' college.
Could you tell me the entrance fee for [clare hall] please?
The entrance to Clare Hall is free. Anything else you need?
Could you please provide me with the address and phone number?
the phone number is 01223332360 and address isherschel road
What kind of moderately priced restaurants are in that area? I want to eat after I visit the college.
There are 3 moderate restaurants in the west area. Would you like british, indian, or italian food?
I don't care, suprise me!
Okay! I'll recommend [Meghna], a moderately-priced Indian restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it and provide me with the postcode.
Before I can book your table I will need to know how many will be in your party and at what time you will be dining.
It will just be me at the restaurant. Please book a table for one at [17:30].
Can you give me a day, as well?
Any day they have an opening is fine with me
I booked you for Monday at 17:30 at the Meghna. Your reference code is CM20CXJ6 .
May I get the postcode of the restaurant, please?
the postcode is cb43lf. Do you need help with anything else ?
No that is all I needed. thank you!
welcome andhave yourself a great day.
Thanks! You too! Bye!
Have a great dinner in Cambridge. Goodbye.


I'm looking for places to go in north Cambridge.
Sure, how does a swimming pool, park, or a boat sound?
The park sounds great, what is the postcode and entrance fee?
Milton Country Park is free to enter, and their postcode is cb46az.
Great, thanks. Also, can you give me some information on a place called the [Curry Garden] restaurant?
Of course, what information are you seeking?
I need the adress and phone number please
The curry gardens phone number is 01223302330 and address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else.
No that will be all thank you so much for your assistance.
Great. Thanks for letting up assist you today!


I'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.
How does the Cafe Jello Gallery sound? It is located in the west and does not have an entrance fee.
Great. Please get me their address.
[Cafe jello gallery] can be found at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve [lebanese] food?
[Ali Baba] is in the centre of town serving lebanese food
Is it moderately priced?
Yes. Ali Baba is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I'd like one for Sunday for [19:15], there will be 8 of us.
will you need to have all eight of you seated at the same table?
Yes please. I need the reference number too.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H570Z3KN . do you have any other questions
Can I get a taxi to take us from the gallery to the restaurant?
Ok, a white audi will pick you up at cafe jello gallery and bring you to Ali baba by 19:15. You can contact the driver at 07646811518. Anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you.


I'm looking for some museums, could you help me find more information on them?
Certainly. Cambridge has many museum offerings. What area are you thinking of visiting?
I'm open to visiting any area in Cambridge. Could you suggest a museum please?
I suggest [broughton house gallery] located at 98 king street.
What's the postcode for that?
The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need to find a train on Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and arriving by [12:45].
The earliest arrival prior to that time is the TR9900 which leaves Norwich at [05:16] and arrives in Cambridge at [06:35]. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, 3 seats in fact.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 50KBIWYY . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay thank you! No that will be everything.
Thank you for calling today.


I need to find a train from Cambridge.
There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours.
I need one on Friday heading to Ely. I need to leave after [19:30].
The train closest to your desired time is TR6053 which departs Cambridge at 19:50 and arrives in Ely at 20:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the travel time on that train?
Travel time is 17 minutes.
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre.
We have many diverse activities in the center of town, from architectural landmarks to parks and pools to nightclubs like the Soul Tree. What interests you today?
I'm not really picky, just something fun. What's your favorite?
I would recommend [Soul Tree Nightclub]. It is in the centre area and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That is perfect. Can I get the phone number and postal code please?
Yes, their phone number is 01223477900 and their address is 1-6 corn exchange street.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need. Bye!
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.


Hey, I have some time to kill and I was wondering if there were any multiple sports places in town?
The [cherry hinton village centre], on the eastside, is the only one in town. Would you like more information?
Can you get me the hours for that one?
I do not have the hours but they can be reached at 01223576412, can I help with anything else?
I would like the postcode, phone number, and address
The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej. Their phone number is 01223576412. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes. May I please get a recommendation for a museum in the centre of town?
I would recommend the [Regency Gallery]. Do you need anything else?
ok, what is their phone number?
The phone number for Regency Gallery is 01223365454. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I'll also need the postcode and address, please?
The museum's address is 39 fitzroy street cb11er. May I assist you further?
I also needs a train that leaves after [13:00] on friday.
where are you going may I ask?
From Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
Train TR4664 leaves at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07.
Isn't there a train that leaves closer to 13:00?
There is a train that leave at 13:29 on Friday. Do you want that instead?


I need to find a place to go for entertainment.
Which part of town would you prefer?
I would like it in the centre, please.
We do not have any entertainment in the centre. Would you like to pick a different area?
Are there any [museums] in the centre?
I'm sorry I am not finding any museums in the centre of town. Is there any other part of town that could work for you?
No, I am only looking for entertainment or museums in the centre of town. Can you look again?
The Broughton House Gallery is a great museum in the centre. It's free to get in, and it's located at 98 king street. Can I help with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi and free parking.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] can acommodate your request.
Is it also a guesthouse type of hotel?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on Wednesday for 2 people total.
I wasn't able to complete your booking for that time frame. Would you be able to stay a different amount of nights?
How about four nights instead of five?
I was able to successfully book you for four nights at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and your reference number is HY6O0MQH .
Thank you! Do you have the reviews and address for the [J Restaurant] near there?
Here is the address for the J restaurant, 86 Regent Street City Centre. I currently do not have reviews of the restaurant avialable.
I would like a reservation for 2 at [12:45] please.
No problem. And what day will that be for?
That will be on Friday for 2 please.
I am sorry, but they do not have an available spot at that time, would you like me to book a reservation for any day or time?
No thank you, I'll try for something else.
Is there a different date or time you'd like me to check for you?
No that is the only date and time I have available. Are you sure you don't have anything for Wednesday at 12:45?
Yes i was able to make your reservation for 2 for Wednesday at 12:45. Your reference number is X3QCMWY3 .
Thank you very much. That's all I need today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling.


I need help finding a train leaving cambridge after [15:30].
I found 623 trains that leave at that time. What is your destination?
Im going to cambridge
There are no trains leaving cambridge and also going to cambridge, did you mean to choose another destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to leicester..
TR0094 leaves at 16:21 on Friday. Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book 8 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3P7B0D6T .
thank you for your help
Thank you so much. Have a good day now!
Thank you good bye.
You are more than welcome!


What are some good museums to visit?
I have 23 museums in my database. Is their a area you are interested in visiting?
Anything that you would recommend in the east, I just need the place along with the address postal code and entrance fee.
cambridge museum of technology costs 5 pounds. The post code is cb58ld.
Thank you,I also need to find a guesthouse,that is cheap ?
I have many guesthouses available. Do you know what area you'd like to be in?
I don't have and area preference.
The [Allenbell] is a guesthouse in the east and it is inexpensive. Would you like me to book it?
How many stars does it have?
Allenbell has 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi? And can you get me the address to [Cambridge Museum of Technology] that I asked you for?
It does have free wifi and the address is 5 greens road
Okay thank you. I would also like a taxi to and from the Cambridge Museum of Technology.
Where will your destination be?
[cambridge museum of technology].
And where would you like to be picked up?
i want to be picked up at the hotel by [11:45]
Your taxi is booked. You will be picked up in a grey Audi. The contact number is 07957190681. Do you help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all! Thank you!
Thank you for calling. Please call again if you have additional questions. Goodbye!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Going by train or in a tree? Not in a car! Please, let me be ... helpful by telling me what I can help you with for your trip
Is there something wrong with you? I need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 4 star rating. Or do you need help?
Sorry bout that, Dr Seuss gets the best of me sometimes! How about 1 and b guest house on Tension Road?
Can you book it for me?
Absolutely I can book [a and b guest house]. What day would you like the reservation for?
My 4 friends and I want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : H0GCL2M7 . Is there something else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by [16:15] in cambridge.
Absolutely, where are you leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving London Liverpool Street on Monday.
TR6226 arrives at 15:07 do you want me to book it for you? The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Yes please for 5 people. I need the reference number as well.
The booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP and it can be paid at the station. Reference number is Y4HS2Q9D . Is there anything else?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your assistance.
Enjoy your day and your stay. Hope its not bad in any way.


can i find a place to eat in the centre which is expensive?
sure, i have 33 options for you
Are there any [mediterranean] restaurants?
Yes, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Would you like to dine at one of those places?
I think I'd like to visit [Shiraz] Restaurant. Would you be able to book a table for 2 at [12:00] Wednesday?
You are all set, your reference number is VEDX7TAR, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.
There are five nightclubs in the same area. Your choices are Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would love Club Salsa, thanks! Can I please have the address and is there an entrance fee?
Sure, the address is 1 station road post code cb12jb. And there is an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, make one for me.
My apologies, but Club Salsa does not accept reservations. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.
Have a wonderful time.


I need a train that leaves on Sunday from London Liverpool Street.
My earliest train is leaving at 5:39 am and arriving at 7:07 am. Is that acceptable?
That should work! thank you, goodbye.
Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything in the future.


Hi, I'd like some info on where to eat in Cambridge!
I would love to help! What kind of food do you prefer?
I like expensive [Chinese] food.
I have results for 9 expensive Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would be interested in dining in the North.
There are 2 in the north. One is Hakka and the other is The Hotpot. Which would you prefer?
I will take a table for 6 at [Hakka] for [13:30] on Wednesday, please.
I was able to book you for a table for 6 on Wednesday at 13:30. Your Reference number is : 5PTMTL2C . Is there anything else you need?
Would alike a hotel in the East with free WiFi and free parking that is a 3 star.
Sorry, no records found. Would you care to try a different area or star rating?
Okay could you try the north then instead?
I have found the [Hamilton Lodge] which meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful, your reference number is BCUQ481V, is there anything else?
Great, that's perfect. Are you able to find us a taxi, too? That would be awesome if you can.
I sure can, what time would you like to be picked up and where are you leaving from?
I need to be picked up from the hotel and get to the restaurant by the booked time.
I was able to get you a taxi it is a white tesla contact number is 07305303624. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That will be all, thanks. Have a good day
Have a wonderful night and best wishes on your trip.


I'm looking for a train on Saturday that will take me into cambridge.
Where will you depart from?
I will be departing from norwich.
There are 19 trains do you have a time you'd like to travel?
Yes I need to arrive by [20:00].
I have one arriving at 19:35. It leaves Norwich at 18:16. Does that work?
Sure, they are normally on time. Could you book that for 2 people please?
Certainly. I have booked you on the 18:16 arriving at 19:35 for 2 people. your reference number is C4O2XOZA . Will that be all?
Yes, thanks for your help!
It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day.


I'm looking for a [latin american] restaurant in the moderate price range.
we don't have that in our records. can you change the type of food?
Can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves latin american food?
There are no restaurants available matching what you mentioned.
How about [Italian] food. You do have Italian restaurants don't you. Moderately priced and in the south area would work fine for me.
The only moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south part of town is the [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at [18:30] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : AM10LQ20 .
That's great. Thank you.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star hotel?
yes and which area would you be interested in ?
The area does not matter. But, I need it to be an actual hotel and have 4 stars.
Sure there are a few options. Did you have a price range you were looking for?
No particular price range, but I would like free parking.
How about [huntingdon marriott hotel]?
Sure, I need the reservation to be for 4 people.
And what nights would you like me to reserve for you?
Four nights starting Sunday
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : LNRXN5ZT .
Thank you, can I also book a taxi?
Yes, where would you like to go to and from?
I need it to go from the restaurant to the hotel.
I can book you a taxi from Pizza Hut to Huntingdon Marriot, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be at the restaurant by [18:30] for my reservation, the pick up time doesn't matter to me.
I'm sorry I need clarification. Do you need a taxi to the restaurant or to the hotel?
it should be to the hotel
Okay. Then to book I will need to know what time you want to either leave the restaurant or what time you'd like to arrive at the hotel by.
I'm sorry. Let me clarify. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and I want to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue bmw Contact number : 07611077714
I'm sorry for all the confusion on this call, and I appreciate your patience. Thank you. Goodbye!
No worries. You have a great day. Goodbye.


Would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in Cambridge?
There are several beautiful churches in the center; are you willing to pay to enter?
Yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?
Sure, All Saints Church on Jesus Lane and Holy Trinity Church on Market Street are free to enter. Great Saint Mary's church on Market Square is 2 pounds to enter.
I am also looking for [Chinese] food in the city center. Can you help me find some restaurant options?
We have 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the expensive price range.
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to reserve it?
I just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.
They are located at 17 Hills Road City Centre, their postcode is cb21nw, and phone number is 01223358899.
Can you help me look for a taxi that will leave [All Saints Church] by [17:45]?
Could you tell me your destination please?
I need to go to the [sesame restaurant and bar].
Okay, I've booked a car for you. It's a white Tesla. The contact number is 07746645374. What else can I do for you?
That will be everything I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I need an information on a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.
There are several trains from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Saturday and get to Ely by [21:30].
The latest train will get you there by 20:17. It departs at 19:50. It is train TR6698. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the price and travel time for that please?
It will cost 3.52 pounds and takes 17 minutes total. Would you like to book it?
No, I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
We have several cheap restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for something that offers [light bites].
We don't have any locations that meet those specifics. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
How about [asian oriental]?
I highly recommend [J Restaurant]. It has great prices on Asian Oriental food and is in the center of town. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please. I need to book for 4 people on the same day.
What time would you like your reservation for?
I'd like to book it for [12:15] please.
Alright, I have your reservation booked at J Restaurant at 12:15 PM for 4 people. Confirmation number is ZB5SJ467 . Is there anything else you might need?
May I also have the reference number please?
Your reference number is ZB5SJ467 .
Thanks so much for all of your help.
Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
Ok, I have 17 options for you. What area are you looking for?
Are there any in the South?
I have two in the south in your price range. One is a 4 star guesthouse and the other is a 3 star guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you let me know the postcode and phone number of the 4 star guesthouse?
Sure! The postcode and phone number are 01223240089 and 01223240089.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a museum I could visit.
Sure, I can help you find one. Is there a certain part of town you were looking to visit?
Something in the north, please.
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any matching attractions. Would you like to try a different area?
Wait, I'm staying in the south, that would make more sense. How about a museum in the south?
Great there's the [byard art] museum there!
Can I have the phone number, postcode and address please?
Byard Art is located at 14 king's parade. The post code is 01223464646. You can reach them at 01223464646.
Awesome, that covers it all. You were very helpful.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please.
The only cheap restaurant in the east part of tow is [the Missing Sock].
Address and phone number, please
The address for the Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660.
thank you good bye
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Thanks so much. Bye bye.
Have a nice day


I'm looking for some place to go in the centre where I can enjoy multiple sports. Can you help me?
There is the cherry hinton village centre.
Great. Can you also check for colleges?
There's over 10 colleges in the centre, anything in mind?
Just one you think is nice. Please give me address, entrance fee and number.
Okay Christ's College's address is saint andrew's street and it is free to explore and their phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a train from London Kings Cross leaving sometime after [13:15]?
Sure, I can help you with that. What day will you be leaving on?
I will be leaving on thursday.
TR2512 will leave Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrive in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like tickets?
I'm sorry, I know I said Thursday, but I will actually be leaving on Wednesday. Can you check for that day instead?
There are six trains that fulfill your needs. Would you like to book one?
No thank you. I'll just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID for one of the available trains, please?
trin ID TR0922 arrives 14:08 and will take 51 minutes . do you like that?
yes but you don't have to be rude.
I'm sorry, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I appreciate your help today. I have all that I need.
Have a wonderful trip.


I need a hotel or guest house in Cambridge please.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I need a cheap hotel in the North side that has free parking and internet if available but not necessary.
I have no listings,can i check in another area?
What about one with free wifi?
Actually, since you said you did not mind a guesthouse earlier, I have something. [Worth House] fits your criteria.
Great. Can I book that for three nights starting Monday for three people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KPZGSMAA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. That is all that I need today. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like to book a train to Cambridge.
We have plenty of options. Would you like to narrow it down by travel time?
Yes. I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in Norwich no later than [17:00] on Monday.
I have 11 trains that arrive in norwich on monday. TR9460 arrives in norwich at 16:55 and costs 17:60 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, please book that train for 4 people and give me the reference number.
Your reference number is EHHSIN9X, and the total is 70.4 GBP. Can I help you with something else?
I would also like some recommendations for places to go in town.
There are many places to go in town. Is there anything more specific you would like?
I'd like something on the south side, please.
There are a couple parks, a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, and 2 entertainment venues, any of those sound ok?
The museum on the south side sounds good. Could I get an address for that?
You'll find the museum at 14 king's parade.
Okay thank you so much that is all I need.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.


Yes, I am looking for information. Can you help me find a train?
Where would you like to go to?
I need to head to Cambridge from Leicester please.
I have 133 trains that leave Leicester to Cambridge. Can you tell me the day and time you would like to travel?
I need one that leaves after [20:00].
Train 6383 leaves at 20:09 and arrives at 21:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes for 3 people please, and do you mind providing me the reference number?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is BW9QJDNO .
I also need information on [cambridge book and print gallery].
Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum located in the west at 49 Newnham Road at postcode cb39ey. It is free and their phone number is 01223594264.
What area of town is that in?
They are located in the west part of town. Any other info I can provide?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!
You are welcome. Safe travels!
Have a nice day. Bye.
Thanks and have a great trip!


I want to book a taxi from [cambridge artworks]. I need to leave after [18:00].
Hello! Where is the destination?
I need to go to [Lynne Strover Gallery], please.
You are set up to be picked up by a black Lexus. Do you want the contact number?
Yes please give me the contact number
Of course. Contact number is 07620354027. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Bye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Yes, I am looking for a concert hall in the south. Can you help me find one?
Sorry, the only concert hall in town is the man on the moon, in the centre. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
I would really like to stay in the south area. Are there any entertainment attractions available in that area?
There is a cinema, two entertainment places, a museum, and a nightclub in the south.
The entertainment places sound fun. Could you provide me their postcodes?
Yes the postcode is cb17dy
Thank you for that. Also, I need to book a train leaving from Cambridge.
I have several trains leaving from Cambridge. What is your destination?
Sorry, I need to get to ely please.
ok what day
I need the train to leave on wednesday.
Do you have a preference for arrival time?
My preference is that it leaves Cambridge after [12:00], would that be possible?
Sure thing! The TR4346 departs from Cambridge at 13:50. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes if you can. I would like 6 tickets for that train.
Sure thing! I have booked six tickets for the train ID# TR4346 that departs from Cambridge at 13:50. Your reference number is ISIG3UQS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need a recommendation for some entertainment in the city.
I'd be happy to help you. Whale of a time is in the west side of town, and funky fun house is in the east. Would you like more information?
Do you have anything else closer to the centre of town? Or perhaps a theater?
The cambridge arts theatre is in the centre area. Would you like more information?
Yes please, can I have the phone number and entrance fee.
Sure. The phone number is 01223503333, but I'm not sure of the fee.
That's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!
You are very welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?
Every place but one in Cambridge has free wifi! Do you have a certain area in mind, or perhaps a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap please.
I would recommend the Allenbell. It's located in the east, is cheap, and has free internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No, thank you. I just need the name for today.
Okay. Thank you!


Are there any [british] restaurants on the west side?
For the Westies, [saint johns chop house] is the place. Need a reservation?
Is that in the moderate price range?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is in the moderate price range.
Great! I'm not sure when I want to go, so can I just get the address and postcode?
Saint Johns Chophouse 21-24 Northampton Street, post code cb30ad. Will there be anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi.
There are 4 accommodations that fit your criteria. How about [Finches Bed and Breakfast]?
Can you book that for 6 ?
Sure, what day would you like to book it for?
I'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : G17HAX2C . Will you need a taxi to get between them?
Yes I do, I'd like to leave the restaurant by [04:45].
Did you want it to pick you up from Saint Johns chop house?
Yes, please, and go to the B&B you booked for me.
Okay, a black toyota is booked. You can contact them at 07431558834
Thank you, that was everything that I needed.
Thank you for contacting us, please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything else you need in the future.


What trains will leave from cambrige and arrive by [13:00]?
Well, that depends on where you're going and the day you're traveling. Do you have that information?
I need to get your London Kings Cross on Saturday.
There are four trains that meet those criteria. They leave at 5, 7, 9, and 11 and arrive 51 minutes after departure. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the train id of the one arriving closest to 13:00?
TR5170 is arriving by 11:51, that is the closest time to 13:00 that is showing available. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. I am also looking for a [Vietnamese] restaurant in the centre
How many will be traveling?
Only me so so just one
I have you booked on TR5170 with reference number KH6HKQ4X . Unfortunately, I have no Vietnamese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Ok, how about an expensive [british] restaurant?
In British restaurants you have three choices: Fitzbillies, the Midsummer House, and the Cambridge Chop House.
Could you please send me the address, postcode and phone for the Midsummer House?
The address for the midsummer house restaurant is Midsummer Common, the post code is cb41ha and their phone number is 01223369299. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. I can book it later. I think thats all I need for today. Thanks.
So happy I could help you today. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre. Have a great day!


Hello, I am looking to book a train departing from Cambridge going to Bishops Stortford.
What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving Saturday after [19:45].
I have train TR1159 that departs at 21:29 and will arrive by 22:07. Would that be something that would work for you?
Book it for 8 please and i need the reference number.
I have booked that and your reference number is 69TDODDN .
I am also looking for swimming pools I can visit.
[Abbey pool and astroturf pitch] looks good, would you like to get some information about that?
Yes, what area is it located in?
It is located in the east, would you like any more information on this or more help with something else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Sounds good! Have a wonderful day!


I need information on [trinity college]
Okay, I've pulled up Trinity College. What information do you need?
I need to know the attraction type and address.
Ok. Trinity college is a college and the address is trinity street. Anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you very much!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Thanks. You too! Goodbye.
Get back in touch if you need help in the future. Goodbye.


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is nearby, at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need a particular department?
No, can I get the phone number, address, and postcode?
The phone number is 01223245151, The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. The Postcode is CB20QQ.
Great, that's all I need today! Thank you!
welcome. at your service next time
Thank you for your help.
you are always welcome


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after [21:15] and should depart from [backstreet bistro].
What is the destination?
I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong information. I need to leave from the [Fitzwilliam Museum] and arrive at [Royal Standard] by [07:45].
I have booked you a white Tesla. The contact number is 07099074893. Can I help you with anything else today?
am good thanks so much
No problem. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Find a budget hotel with free parking in Cambridge.
There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
I would like it to have a four star rating and be located on the west side.
The [Cambridge Belfry] fits your requirements, would you like to book a reservation there?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Can you book for another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try 4 nights only please and I'll need a reference number.
That works out perfectly. Your reference number is 72YCMLXX . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a [vietnamese] place to dine in the same price range as the hotel.
I found [Thanh Binh]; would you like me to make you a reservation?
First, tell me how far away from the hotel this restaurant is.
It is also in the west side area, located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I'd like to book for 5 at [13:00] on Wednesday as well. I will also need the reference number.
Great the reference is PDELCKQS . Thank you.
Thank You. That's all i need.
Have a good day, Goodbye


I need help finding a train for Thursday.
Can you please tell me your departure and destination? What time would like to leave or arrive?
I would be leaving from Cambridge going o Peterborough.
What time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I just need to leave after [20:30].
How about the last train, it'll get you there at 07:56. How many tickets please?
As long as it leaves after 20:30, then it's fine. Can you give me the train ID? I'll buy at the station.
The ID is TR6688.
Can you tell me the departure and arrival time for that train?
Yes, it leaves at 07:06 and arrives by 07:56. May I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range
That narrowed it down to 1 hotel that meets your criteria. It's called [CityRoomz]. They offer free internet. They are located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Would you like to book?
Could you just give me the postcode please?
the postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That is all I needed. Good bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like a hotel to stay in while I visit cambridge.
Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
We're visiting the south part of town, so let's stick with that area.
My favorite place in the south is the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I need it to be a 4 star Guesthouse with free parking. Does this fit our needs?
aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star and is in the south of town
I actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 4 star hotel with free parking available in the south
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
No, I don't need a reservation right now, but I do need their phone number, postcode, and address.
01223240089 cb17sr 5 mowbray road. is there something else i can help you with?
I would like to visit a museum in the west. Are there any museums I can see?
There are quite a few! I recommend kettles yard or the cafe jello gallery. Both have free admission.
Ok. let me think about it. That will be all for today. Goodbye
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We are happy to serve you and hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a place to eat.
Sure! Did you have a type of food in mind?
I would like [Americas] food.
OK, the gourmet burger kitchen is a north american restaurant.
Is the [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] located in the centre of town?
Yes it is. Could you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thursday at [20:00] would be ideal. There are 5 of us.
Your reservation is complete. Table for 5 on Thursday at 20:00. Your reference number is WXIAOK8F . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train on Thursday heading to Cambridge.
Ok. Where will you be departing from?
Norwich. I need to get to Cambridge by [12:30].
TR6655 leaves Norwich at 10:16 and arrives at Cambridge at 11:35. Do you want me to book this train?
Yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number
The booking was successful and the reference number is 35C0PZCY .
Thank you for your time.
Your are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge


I'm just looking for a hotel called [Leverton House].
That's an excellent 4 star hotel. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they have free parking available?
Yes, it does have free parking.
Please give me information on the star rating and their number.
01223292094 is their phone number. it has 4 stars.
Can you also provide me with their address please?
Sure. Their address is 732-734 newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a theatre. Possibly in the centre.
Sure, I enjoy The [Cambridge Arts Theatre] at 6 Saint Edward's Passage. It is free, which is a plus.
Perfect, could I have the phone number please?
Sure! The phone number is 01223503333.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the hotel by [05:45].
I have your taxi booked. It will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07242534266. Will there be anything else?
No,that is all. Thank you!
thank you goodbye


Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by [17:30].
I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at [15:29] and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.
Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3 . Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi
May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.
We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the [Kirkwood House] include free parking?
Yes it most certainly does.


Hi, i need to book a taxi to go to [funky fun house]. I need to leave after [8:45].
Where will you leave from?
The taxi should depart from the [cambridge punter]
Alrighty. I have a grey ford for you with the contact number 07266756209. Anything else you need?
No thanks, just needed a taxi. Have a great day!
Thanks, I hope you have a wonderful day as well!


I'm looking for the [university arms hotel]. Can you give me more information about it?
The University Arms is an expensive, 4 star hotel in the city center.
great, please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from Friday
Your reservation for 6 people has been made at the University Arms for 5 days beginning Friday. Your reference number is WGV0Q6KV . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what is a good place to see in the centre of town?
I found a few places do you want a free entrance fee?
No, I do not mind paying an entrance fee.
There are 44 places that meet your criteria, what type of attraction are you looking for?
Please pick your favorite one and then tell me the type, fee, and phone number associated with it
[Old schools] is an architecture in the centre, phone is 01223332320, post code is, cb21tt and address is Trinity Lane, it is free to enter.
Great, thank you so much for the info. That will be all, goodbye.
Have a wonderful time.


I am in need of some entertainment. Can you recommend anything?
[all saints church] is pretty popular for architecture lovers.
Where is this located?
It is located on jesus lane in the city center.
Is it located in the centre? If none exists, could you find one that is a type of concerthall?
Yes, All Saints Church is located in the central area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is the phone number and postcode for All Saints Church?
The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Is All Saint Church an entertainment attraction? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves [eastern european] food in the moderate price range.
There are no eastern european restaurants in the centre. Perhaps you would like chinese instead?
Well, I guess I would like to try [turkish] food if you have that.
I have 3 great places that serve turkish food in the centre of town. I have 2 that are moderately priced and 1 that is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I need it on Friday, for 6, at [12:15].
I would happily book the restaurant but I need you to respond to my previous inquiry about your price preference
I would prefer moderately priced. What are the two options I have?
The two options are Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
[Anatolia] sounds good. Please book it for 6 people on Friday at 12:15
The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 71YJN5ID .
I also need a taxi to commute between the locations.
No, it is an architectural attraction. Would you like me to look for a concert hall for you?
I actually want entertainment type of place.
How about [cherry hinton hall and grounds]?
Sounds great, I'd like a taxi to go between the two that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
Booking completed! Your contact number is 07835118695 and the car type is a black audi. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that should do it. Thanks for your help today!
You are very welcome. Have a good evening. Goodbye.


I need to book a taxi.
Could you tell me when and where from you would like to be picked up?
I need picked up at [saffron brasserie] after [1:30].
and what is the destination?
I would like to go to [whipple museum of the history of science].
Sure. A white Lexus will pick you up at 1:30 at Saffron Brasserie. The contact number is 07399627486. Is there anything else I can help with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for your help. Bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a wonderful day.


Are there any expensive restaurants that serve [Indian] food nearby?
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Would you like to look in a particular area?
It doesn't matter where it is, I just need to book one of them for six people at [13:45] on Friday.
Great your reservation at [curry garden] is all set, reference number is J1X6P0DB
I am looking for an expensive hotel as well.
There are five such hotels available. I can suggest the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. How does that sound?
Do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?
Yes, there are two hotel options, one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Do they both have internet access?
Yes, both the Huntingon Marriott and University Arms have free wifi.
Great can I also get a taxi between the two places?
Booking you a taxi would be no trouble. Would you like to book one of those hotels first?
No, that's OK, but I need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by [13:45].
Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a grey Lexus, contact number 07186569452. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you.
Thank you very much for contacting us. Have a good trip.


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
I can assist you with that. Addenbrooks hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Can I help you with anything else?
I need their phone number, please.
Sure! the phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.
Thank you goodbye


I need a room, can you help?
i got a long list. it will help if you knew the king of food you want
Well I want a hotel not food.
Which area would you like to be in?
I would like something in the east with 4 stars.
There are 6 choices, any pricing preferences?
I would like it to be a guesthouse.
The [allenbell] is a guesthouse in the east in the cheap price range and it has a 4 star rating. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, I would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.
I will book that for you now.
Please do so.
Ok, I was able to make a booking. Your reference number is XVPDCMK9
thank you that is all I need goodbye
You're welcome. Have a great stay!


I need help finding stuff for me and my ferret to do.
Sure, do you have anything in mind? Perhaps a park?
I would prefer entertainment.
Which part of town did you have in mind?
In the town center.
We don't have any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you try a college?
I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrew's street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all for today?
No I also need to find a hotel in the same area as my attraction and have a rating of only 0.
cityroomz is available, or el shaddai if you would prefer a guesthouse.
Can I please have a reservation at [El Shaddai] for 4 people?
Sure! What day do you wish to check in and for how long will you be staying?
Starting tuesday, I want to stay for 3 nights.
I've got our rooms booked. What else can I do for you?
Can I please get the reference number for the booking?
The reference number is 075XC65O . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. That is all.
Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. Could I get the address and phone number please?
[La Margherita] is an [Italian] restaurant in the west part of town that is cheap. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes, please.
Thank you.


I need a train that leaves [after 15:00] on Tuesday.
I can help with that. What are your departure and destination choices?
Cmabridge to Norwich.
There is a train leaving at 15:36 that arrives by 16:55 on the date you chose. Would you like to book a spot now?
Yes, and I also need that for 3 people and the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 1Q1VEFOG . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve [British] food?
Yes, I recommend [Graffiti]. It's a fine British restaurant on the west side of town.
Could I get the reference number?
What time would you like to eat? Are you eating with the same 3 people?
Yes, the same party. I'd like the reservation for [10:00] that same Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PX5OGMLQ . Anything else for you today?
No thanks. That's it. Have a good one. Bye.
Have a great day and text us back anytime!


Hello, I am looking for [People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College], can you help me?
Yes. I see the exhibition. Would you like the address?
yes, I would like the area and the postcode.
It is located in the west, at postcode cb3ojg. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your help!
Have a great day!


i need a place to stay
I can help with that. Do you have a preference in location?
I would prefer it to be in the North.
Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I don't care about price but I'd like a 4 star place.
I have 8 different four star guesthouses. They all include internet, would you like to make a reservation?
Can you select one and make a reservation for me for Thursday please?
I can book you into the [Acorn Guest house]. How many nights do you want to stay?
Does that have free parking?
Yes, the Acorn guest house has parking
Can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning Thursday?
How many people will be staying at the Acorn, please? Is the booking for you only?
There will be 5 of us
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7FLYWY4J . I would love to help with anything else !
I also need a cinema to visit?
Do you have a particular part of town in mind?
In the same area as the hotel
Sorry, I didn't find any cinemas in the north.
Hmm, how about a park, then?
I don't have that either.
Will you please try again? There's gotta be a park somewhere.
I have 5 other parks in the centre, east, north, and south.
I just want a park in the same area as my hotel
Oh okay, looks like there is one park. It is [Milton Country Park] in the North. Their phone number is 01223420060. The address is milton country park, milton.
Thanks, I need a taxi to get between the two places.
What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by [09:15]
Okay I have booked a yellow toyota for you. The contact number will be 07196305390
Great. Can you also book a place for dinner on Thursday night?
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need a don't care restaurant. Thank you
I'm sorry, there was an error in our system. Could you please rephrase your question?
I need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. I want to leave the attraction by [9:15] and I need car type and contact number please. Thank you, bye..
Ok. I booked a yellow toyota for you leaving milton country park at 09:15 and going to the acorn guest house. Is that correct?


I want an expensive restaurant and serves [danish] food.
I found no restaurants serving Danish food in the expensive price range.
[asian oriental]
[Kymmoy] is an Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
What is the phone number and area?
The phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 and they are located in the centre of town.
Thank you! Goodbye!
You're very welcome. Thanks for calling us. Goodbye.


I want to make a booking at the [alexander bed and breakfast].
Ok. How many nights would you like to book?
4 nights please.
What are the dates you are staying?
I will be staying four nights starting on Friday.
How many people will be staying?
4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.
Ok. Your booking was successful and the reference number is TD8TU8IO .
Thanks very much !
You are welcome! Have a good day!


Can I get some information on the [arbury lodge guesthouse]?
It is a guesethouse in the north part of town in the modrate price range and has a 4 star rating.
and what is the address?
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse 82 Arbury Road cb42je
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with boating. Is there any place around there to go?
Yes I have four boat attractions 2 in the centre, one north, and one west. What part of town would you like?
I would like that in the north please.
The [Riverboat Georgina] sounds like what you are looking for than. Would you like more information on this attraction?
Yes please. Could I get the address, postcode, and entrance fee?
They are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax postcode. Fees vary by boat type and length of time rented, but you can call 01223902091 for that information.
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, I want to leave the hotel by [15:00]
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volkswagen and their number is 07212731770.
Thank you so much!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I need a nearby hospital.
Hello, the closet hospital is Addenbrookes
Can I get their main phone number please? And the postcode if you have it.
The hospital number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need the number for any of the departments within the hospital?
No that's everything I needed today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome, have a wonderful day!


Can you help me find an expensive [asian oriental] restaurant to dine at?
The are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available. [Saigon city] in the north area, and kymmoy in the centre area.
[Kymmoy] in the centre area is great. Would you book a table of 8 people at [11:15] on Thursday for me?
It is not open then, shall I try another time or another place to eat?
Let's try another restaurant.
I have booked you at Saigon City in the North area, 52 Mill Road City Centre. Your reference number is 2OBVXF1O .
Okay great that is all I need at the moment.
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day!


I'm headed off to college soon and want to check out one of the campuses while I'm in the area. Can you help me find one?
Definitely! What area of town are you planning to visit?
Area doesn't matter. I'll just need an entrance fee, phone number and postcode for any of them.
Well there are 18 different colleges that match your request. Unfortunately I need more information from you to do my job. Can you help by narrowing down the area?
Which one would you recommend?
I would recommend Trinity College. They're located in the centre of town at postcode cb21tq. You can reach them by phone at 01223338400 and they list a 1 pound entrance fee.
I also would like to find a restaurant serving [British] food that is expensive.
Would you like me to find a British restaurant in the same area as [Trinity College]?
Yes, that sounds good!
I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant, would you like me to book it for you?
That's alright, I just want to know the phone number and postcode please
[Fitzbillies Restaurant] has a phone number of 01223352500 and a postcode of cb21rg. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at [11:30] and take me to the restaurant. Give me contact number and car type.
A grey toyota is booked for you. You can call 07178077198 to contact them. Will that be all for you?
That is all I need, thank you good bye!
You're welcome, have a safe trip.


I need a three-star place to stay please.
The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a star rating of 3. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you. I am looking for a hotel instead of a guesthouse.
The gonville hotel is expensive and in the center of town. The lensfield hotel is also expensive, but it is in the south.
I'd like to book the [Lensfield Hotel] for 2 nights for 8 people starting from Wednesday.
I am sorry. I was unable to book that for you. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes. I'd like one in the same price range, please.
There is the [Lensfield hotel] which is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes please try that.
I was not able to get you into the Lensfield but I can book you into the [Gonville Hotel] if you like.
That would be great. Thank you.
Okay great. I was able to book the Gonville Hotel and your reference number is KWEQK0K1 .
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Can I do anything else for you today?
No that is all thank you very much.
No problem! Happy to help! Have a great day!


Can you find the restaurant names [Loch Fyne]?
Sure! Loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I need one for friday at [13:45]. I'll be dining alone.
I apologize but I was unable to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine.
There are many resturants that meet those criteria. Would you prefer African, Asian, British, Chrinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, korean, mediterranean, north american, Turkish or thai?
Can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
Could I suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin? It's an african restaurant in the same price range and area.
Yes, please book the restaurant [bedouin] for me.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MTBHNB92 . Anything else?
No that will be all, thanks for all of your help. Sorry I was such a bother
No problem at all. have a great day!
Thank you! You were great!
Thank you. Have a great day!


We want to try a local restaurant that serves [Asian or oriental] food.
I have 5 restaurants that match so far. Do you have a location preference of centre or north?
I would like a restairant in the centre please.
What price range would you like ?
I do not care. You tell me the best one and give me their number please.
I recommend Kymmoy. Their phone number is 01223311911. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.
What time are you looking to leave by?
I want to travel into Cambridge and leave sometime after [16:45] please.
Train TR2078 leaves Leiester at 17:09 and arrives at 18:54 into Cambridge. Would that work for you?
Yes, could I get 3 tickets for that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WMWAXBFD . What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. I appreciate all of your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [gastropub] in the east.
The Royal Standard is a gastropub located in the east.
Could you please provide the phone number, address and postcode for The [Royal Standard]?
Phone Number: 01223247877. Post Code: cb13nl, address 290 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else?
Great can I also get a train going to leicester and arriving by [11:45]?
Where will you be departing from and what day would you like to travel?
Cambridge, and I will be traveling on Saturday.
TR5677 will arrive at 11:06 would that work for you?
Could you get me the price of that train and the travel time before you book it?
I have TR5677 arriving at Leicester by 11:06.
Can you give me the travel time and total cost please?
105 minutes. 30.24 pounds.
ok thank you so mucy
Ok great. Would you like for me to go ahead and book the train for you?
Yes, please book the train for me. That will be all.
Do you just need the one ticket, or will others be travelling with you?
No just the one. Thank you.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LV1BEG9R .
Thank you so much! That's all I need.
I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful trip.


Can you help me find some entertainment in Cambridge?
There are many things to do in Cambridge; clubs, museums, churches, boating etc. What would you like to do?
I don't care but I need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of entertainment available in town.
I'd recommend All Saints Church in the centre. Their postcode is cb58bs and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine. Can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [Swiss] food?
I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the area. Do you have another kind in mind that I could assist with?
How about [British] food?
I have several restaurants which serve British food in different areas of the town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'm sorry I did not want British food. Are there any [chinese] restaurants instead located in the centre area?
Yes, I have found 4. Ugly duckling, tang chinese, hk fusion and sesame restaurant and bar. Would you like any of these?
Which is your favorite? Can you get me the address, postcode, and phone number? I'll give them a call myself.
i would recommend the sesame restaurant and bar the address is 17 Hills Road City Centre, cb21nw. phone number is 01223358899. is there anything else i can assist with?
No that is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two restaurants; chinese and indian that are moderately priced. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care.
Okay, how about the [Golden Wok]? They serve Chinese food in the north part of town and are moderately priced.
That will be good. Could you give me their address?
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
and also postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
No. that's all I want. thank you
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving [Turkish] food.
There are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.
anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. It is located at 30 bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223 362372. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, Goodbye!


I want to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel.
Great there are 2 very nice options. Huntingdon in the west and University Arms in the Centre. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay at [university Arms], can you book it for me?
Absolutely! How many people should I make the reservation for and for how many nights?
four people for four nights.
And what night do you wish to arrive?
I will be staying tonight. Is there parking available?
yes there is parking
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area?
Do you not need the hotel reservation then? What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference.
There are colleges and museums in the area, would you like information on one of them?
Yes, can you please send me the info on a college?
How about [churchill college]? It's address is storey's way, their postcode is cb30ds, phone number is 01223336233, and entrance is free.
That sounds perfect. That is all I need today.
If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact us again, Good day.


What do we have to eat in the expensive [european] food range?
There are 5 options in Cambridge for expensive European food. 1 in the North, 1 in the West and 3 in Cambridge Centre.
Nothing in the south?
I was not able to find any expensive european restaurants in the south.
What about [Mexican] restaurants?
The [Chiquito restaurant bar], a mexican restaurant, is in the south and is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I'd like a table for 1 person at [19:15] on Sunday.
Your table is reserved and the reference number is TN3210RT . Will there be anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your assistance.
You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye!


Can you find me a train from Stansted Airport?
There are plenty of options. Where will you be arriving and do you have a time preference?
I don't care when I arrive, but I need to leave after [10:00].
Not a problem. Any day in particular?
Yes. Wednesday please.
TR0467 leaves the airport at 10:24. Would you like tickets for that train?
Yes, for five please.
I have successfully make a booking for 5 on that train.
Can I have the reference number please? I'm also looking for some places to go, maybe a college in the west.
[Queen's college] is an excellent choice.
Sounds great. Can I get their postcode please?
The postcode for Queen's College is cb39et. And the reference number for your train (booked earlier) is WMUC700A .
Perfect, thanks so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is everything. Have a good day.
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day.


I want to find a cheap restaurant serving [swedish] food
I'm sorry, I can't find any cheap Swedish restaurants. Would you like to look for a different style of food, or increase your price range?
How about [indian] food?
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre part of town, or Royal spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. Do any of these interest you?
Yes, what is the address for [Royal Spice] please?
Royal spice is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Do you need any other information?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling us and please use our system again. Goodbye.


I need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town.
Ok. Is there a specific restaurant you are looking for?
Moderately priced restaurant.
Curry Prince is moderately priced and in the east part of town. Alternatively, so is Rajmahal.
What is the phone number and postcode of [Curry Prince]?
The phone number is 01223 566388 and the postcode is CB58JJ.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after [21:15] and should depart from [backstreet bistro].
What will be your destination?
I'm sorry I need to change that. I need the taxi to depart from [kings lynn train station] and go to [cherry hinton water play].
Okay. I've booked a taxi that will pick you up at 21:30. Look for a Red Skoda and the contact number is 07797598861. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
You are welcome! Have a good day.


Hi, I'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on Friday
Are you leaving from cambridge? Is there a time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge. Departure time doesn't matter, but I need to arrive by [18:15].
There are 12 trains available for you and the first one leaves at 05:01. Can I book a seat for you or do you prefer a later departure time?
No, I said arrive by 18:15. Try again.
The closest arrival to 18:15 is 17:44. Would that work for you?
What is the price for a ticket?
The cost per ticket for that train is 75.10 pounds did you still want me to book it for you?
No, thats ok. I also need to find a cheap [Italian] restaurant.
There are 15 Italian restaurants to choose from. Would you like one in a particular part of town?
Any that you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for Friday at [10:00]. There will be 3 people dining.
I have you booked at [Ask], for Friday at 10:00 for 3 people. It's at 12 Bridge Street City Centre. Your reference number is: IL7HZYW5 .
Wonderful! I think that's it, thank you. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a great night!


I need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves [polish].
There's no resturant serving polish food. do you want something else ?
Ok, how about a [Thai] restaurant? i want address and phone number.
Bangkok city is a thai restaurant. It's address is 24 green street city centre and phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I need a train to Peterborough on Monday.
The earliest train is at 5:06, do you want me to book it?
Does it arrive by [16:00]?
Yes, it arrives at 05:56.
Are there any later trains? Also I need to get the price, departure time, and train ID when we find a suitable one.
Yes I have trains that arrive from 5:56 to 15:24. Any preference?
What is the train ID and response of the train that arrives at 15:24? I would like to book that one.
Train TR4765 leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 and costs 16.50 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge. Does TR4765 go from Cambridge to Peterborough?
Yes TR4765 departs cambridge monday at 15:06, arriving in peterborough by 15:56. How many tickets will you need?
I was just looking for information for now. I do need some additional information on a place to eat though.
There are 110 restaurants in the area - are you looking for a specific type of cuisine?
I am thinking [Indian] food would be perfect and in the centre.
There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred price range or area in town you'd like to dine?
I do not have a specific price or location in mind. Please just send me the address and phone number of an Indian restaurant.
Okay I have chosen the [Curry Prince] for you, which is a very popular location. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their telephone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. That is all I needed.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the north area. Can you find me one?
Sure. We have the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge, both moderately priced.
Okay, thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Have a great day. Goodbye.
None. Both parties hung up the phone.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs?
Wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the [Ashley Hotel]? And do they have internet there?
The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 chesterton road with a postal code of cb41er and their phone number is 01223350059.
I would also like to book a train please.
I can certainly help you with that. Where are you departing from/going to and what times do you need to leave and arrive by
I'm going from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Monday. I'd like to be there by [18:30] if possible.
TR7786 will get you there at 17:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect. Can I get 5 tickets please?
Definitely. Your are booked for 5 with a total of 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is VOU7M1EH .
Thank you. That is all I needed. Goodbye.
Glad to be able to help. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you need anything else.


I want some [welsh] food. Moderately priced please.
I'm sorry I do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
I'd like a [Chinese] restaurant instead then.
There are several chinese restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you prefer the north or centre of town?
I don't care.
[Golden Wok] is located in the north part of town. Would you like their address and phone number?
I would like their phone number, please.
golden wok's phone number is 01223 350688
Is there any thing else i can help you with?
I appreciate the offer, but it is my job to help you. Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome and good bye.


Hi, I am looking for a [British-themed] restaurant in the centre.
I found several restaurants to fit your needs. Do you prefer moderate or expensively priced?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant.
Wonderful! There are 4 in the centre of town: [Restaurant One Seven], The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and the Cotto. Would you like for me to book one of these for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 8 at [12:00] on Saturday.
Unfortunately none of those are available, do you have another time you would like to try?
How about 11:00? And can I have a reference number for the reservation please?
It looks like Saturday at 12:00 is full for these as well. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
How about [11 o'clock]?
You are booked at restaurant one seven at 11:00 with your table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number F3RVTNHQ . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 3 star hotel with free wifi.
I found multiple guesthouses with those qualities. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Type doesn't matter, but I do need it to be a mid-price range place, and I need free parking.
How about [Hamilton Lodge]? It's a guesthouse in the north end that has everything you ask for.
Sure, can I book for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people?
Ok, I've got you booked for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people at [Hamilton Lodge]. Your reference number is ALE0J2X2 .
Great! Now I need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by that reservation time. Can you help with that?
I've booked a red honda for you. The contact number is 07213780681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! That is all that I need.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.


Greetings, I'm looking for a [Chinese] restaurant to take some clients.
Yu Garden is in the East and expensive. Charlie Chan is Centre and cheap. Also, Jinling Noodle Bar, in Centre, which is moderately priced.
[Yu Garden] sounds perfect. Can you reserve a table for 3 for me? We will be there on Saturday at [14:45].
I will be happy to reserve a table for three for you for Saturday at 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the reference number for our reservation please.
You are all set for Saturday at 14:45. The reference number is WH1FANWJ . Enjoy your meal!
I also need a 0 star room, and I will need wifi to be free too.
[city centre north b and b] ill be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
I will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. Can you book a taxi to take me to [Yu Garden]. I need free parking. Thanks.
City centre north b and b has free parking and wifi. What day would you like your reservations to start?
I want my booking at the b and b to start on saturday
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 25P0F6NG . You mentioned you would also need a taxi?
Yes, please. I need to make sure I get from the B&B to the restaurant for that reservation.
Your taxi will be a yellow audi Contact number : 07845910981 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your help. That is all for today.
Thanks for letting us help, enjoy your trip!
Thank you and goodbye!
You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.
We have many option, did you need a certain side of town or price?
I would really like a guesthouse in the east please.
[Carolina Bed and Breakfast] offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book this guesthouse for you?
Yes please I will be there for three night. Can I get a confirmation number?
I can book that for you. At the present I cannot give a confirmation number. Their phone number is 01223247015. Is there anything else I can help with?


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Thai] food.
Ok, I've found two. One is in the west and one is in the centre.
Pick your favorite and book it for 2 please.
I would recommend [Sala] Thing, for your booking of two, what day and time would you like that for.
maybe friday at [14:45]
Booking for Sala Thong was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is MY18QAH7
Thanks. Can you also find a place to go in the centre?
We have 44 different things to do in the centre of town. Do have a type you're looking for, like a theatre, college, or architecture?
I'm looking for an attraction with multiple sports in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, we don't have anything like that. Is there something else you would be interested in?
What about a night club?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I would recommend the [soul tree nightclub] at 1-6 corn exchange street. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Nice! Please get me their phone number too
The soul tree phone number is 01223477900. May I help you with something else?
That is all thanks.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Thank you. I just happen to be looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be located west and it doesn't need to have free parking or anything like that.
I have 33 hotels that match your requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
I definitely prefer something on the cheap side of things.
Both Finches Bed and Breakfast and The Cambridge Belfry might suit you, they're cheap but rated 4 stars. Would you like to book at one of them?
Sure but can I think I want one with free parking.
They both have free parking,would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a five star hotel with free parking and breakfast.
I can book you at the [cambridge belfry] hotel. It has 4 stars on the west side and is cheap. Would that be good?
Yes thats fine. I need it for 4 nights starting monday. There will be 5 of us.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that hotel. May I try another one in the same price range for you?
Yes please do that.
There is the [Finches Bed and Breakfast] would keep you on the same side of town but it is a guesthouse. Will this work for you?
Yep. I think that will work. Please book it. I need a reference number.
The finches bed and breakfast was available. 4 nights starting from Monday for 5 people. Your reference number is 6VBU1SFI . Would that work for you?
Yes. Thanks so much. That is great.
Thank you for using our service today.


I am looking for an upscale restaurant with [European] food, please.
Eraina is an an upscale restaurant serving European food.
Is there anything else available?
Yes, the [Cambridge Lodge restaurant] is also an upscale restaurant serving European food.
What is there address and area?
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located is the west part of town at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
No thank you. That is all the info I needed.
Thank you.


I'm needing a 4 star guest house today.
Sure! We have 18 4 star guesthouses, would you like a specific part of town or price range?
Do you know if any of them offer free wifi?
I have 5 optionsd available,all have WiFi


Give me an expensive [japanese] place to eat in the centre of the town please.
There is one place called [Wagamama]. Great food. Can I book a table for you?
That sounds good.
Can you give me the number of people, the time, and the day you would like to go, please?
I would like to book for Saturday at [12:15] for 3 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 75RU4Q1L .
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a 2 star hotel with free parking?
There are three hotels that meet that criteria. Do you prefer a certain price range or part of town?
No, I just need to know if they have internet and I need their postcode.
The Ashley hotel has free parking and internet. It is rated 2 stars. Their postal code is cb41er. May I help with something more?
Thanks, you've been helpful! That's it for me. Bye!
It was my pleasure to assist you! Til next time!


Will I be able to get out of Cambridge by train on Thursday?
Did you have a destination in mind?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by [10:30]
TR125 leaves at 9:01 and arrives by 10:01, would you like to book this one?
Yes please book it for 8 people.
I apologize - that is TR2125. I have booked it for 8 people. Your reference number is A2J4EAIR .
I need a place to stay as well. Preferably a 4 star hotel.
There are three hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further or would you like a recommendation?
I would like a hotel, not a guest house. Are any of those actual hotels?
yes, when were you planning your stay?
I haven't decided yet but I would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though
All three ofter wi-fi. Two are in the west, one is in the centre. Two are expensive, one is cheap. Do you have a preference in those regards?
Ill take either of the expensive ones. Pick whichever sounds better to you
I have the university Arms hotel available that meets all of your requests, what dates would you like me to book for you?
Can I just have the address and postcode?
The address is regent street and the post code is cb21ad.
Thanks, and which part of town was this one in?
It's in the Centre part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. That is all.
Thank you, have a great day!


I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town.
There are eleven museums in the city centre. Might I recommend the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]?
Tell me more about the anthropology museum please.
The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is free to get into and is located at the University of Cambridge on Downing Street. Their phone number is 01223333516.
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb23dz. If you would like to reach them directly, their phone number is 01223333516. Anything else I can help with?
No, that is all. Thanks so much.
Glad to help.


I'm looking for a place to dine that serves [indian] food in the centre.
There are multiple Indian restaurants in the centre. Are you looking for something cheap or something expensive?
I'm not concerned about price, but I need a table for 6 at [12:15] on Sunday.
[Curry Garden], your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: IKOI9CFQ . Will there be anything else today?
Thank you so much. Can you also find me an expensive hotel with free wifi?
There are two hotels near the restaurant you booked, they will meet your needs. Would you like the 3 star or 4 star?
What is the name of the 3 star one?
it is [gonville hotel]. Need a reservation?
Yes please for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday
Booking was successful.Reference number is : NCHKFTG3 . what else can i do for you?
That will be all. thank you
Thank you for calling in today. I hope you have a great stay.


I'm looking for a place to go, can you help?
There are 79 attractions you can visit. Do you have location, type and price preference?
not as such. it should be affordable. that is it.
There are churches you can visit for free.
What about parks? Are there any free parks?
Sure! I found 4 parks that are free to visit. Is there an area that you prefer?
Are any of them in the East?
Yes Chery Hinto Water Play is in the East
How much does it cost to get in?
Cherry Hinton Water Play is free would you like the address?
Yes, I would love the address. Thank you!
The address for cherry hinton water play is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postal cb18dw, phone 01223446100, anything else that i can help with?
I would also like to find somewhere nice to eat.
There are 110 restaurants in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price, area, or food type?
I would prefer an east location and [italian] food would be lovely
Absolutely, I will take care of that for you right now.


I need a tax going to [tang chinese].
Sure, where are you coming from?
I'll be coming from [whale of a time]
I can help you with that booking, what time are you wanting to leave/arrive by?
I need to arrive by [05:15].
Okay I have a grey lexus and the contact number is 07087526103. Anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else right now. Thanks for the booking. Goodbye.
Happy to help!


I'm looking for a swimming pool please.
What side of town would you like that to be on?
Could you make it the south side of town please.
i see no swimming pools in that area would you like me to search another area
What about an entertainment attraction?
Sure, the Tenpin is located in the south, at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way. Would you like to know anything in particular about it?
Could I get the phone number and postcode?
The Tenpin phone number is 08715501010 and the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please. I'd like to find a good [Malaysian] restaurant located in the same area as this [Tenpin] place. Something on the pricey side. What would you suggest?
Unfortunately, there are no malaysian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try a different area or different cuisine?
In that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving [Mexican] cuisine in the area?
[Chiquito restaurant bar] is located in the South. It is an expensive Mexican restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, can you book one for 4 on Thursday at [19:15]? And I need the reference as well please.
your booking was successful and your reference number is U6O638TB .
Great I also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07984383543. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
you are welcome.


Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request. To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range. Something with 4 stars. Area doesn't really matter to me.
[Archway House] is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?
Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is A16QWFWX . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.
i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?


i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.
I found two boats for you: [Scudamores Punti Co] and [The Cambridge Punter]. Do you want more information about one or both of these?
Can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?
Scudamores Punting Co is at granta place, mill lane, postcode cb21rs, and phone 01223359750. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road., postcode cb41as, and phone 07807718591.
I also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.
We have two place, one a guesthouse and one a hotel, what would you like?
Do either of them have free wifi?
Both have free wifi! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel.
Allrighty, can I book a room for 3 people at the [University Arms Hotel], for 4 nights starting on Saturday?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : WSOW3X5U . What else can I help you with today?
nope that's it thanks for your help
Of course have a great day!


Would you happen to have any expensive [Creative] restaurants?
I'm sorry, I haven't found anything. Are there other cuisines you're interested in?
I would like [Chinese] food.
There are several options for Chinese. What area of town will you be in?
Any part of town is good. I need a booking for two people on Saturday at [16:45].
I've booked you a table at [Yu Garden] on Saturday at 16:45. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please can you send that.
The reference number is W6V1M6MM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a train to stansted airport by [11:00]
I can help you find a train to Stansted airport by 11:00. Where will you be departing from and will that be on Saturday?
Sunday, and I will be departing Cambridge.
Great the TR8208 can get you there by 10:08
That's great. Can you book that train for 2 people, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QMYCRLDH .
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay


I am looking to go to a museum.
There are quite a few fantastic museums to choose from. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm willing to go wherever the best museums are. Which would you recommend?
The [cafe jello gallery] is top notch. And there's no entrance fees. Or how about cambridge artworks their pretty nice as well. Both are in the west.
Can you tell me about the gallery? What's the address?
This gallery is located on the west side of town located at 13 magdalene street
What is the postcode there? Also, I'll need a phone number.
The postcode is cb30af, sorry I do not have a phone number for the cafe jello gallery.
Well then, can you give me an address?
The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street , is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need information on a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city...whichever you recommend.
I would recommend golden house. It is a chinese restaurant at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, phone number 01842753771. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll do that myself. You've been great, thanks for everything.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
I have 33 restaurants that meet your requests. Can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter. I just need a table for 3 for Friday night at [19:00].
Would you like me to try and make a reservation for the [Cambridge Chop House]?
Yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you.
There is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time or restaurant?
Can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
How about Fitzbillies restaurant? It's also an expensive British restaurant in the centre of the city
Yes, try that please.
Alright, I have your table booked at Fitzbillies restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: BCVPHB3U . Anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything
No problem. Enjoy your meal on Friday. Good bye.


I would like to find a guesthouse in Cambridge that has free wifi.
I have 32 hotels. Do you have any other preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
In what area of town would you like it to be?
I don't have a preference but I would like free wifi, parking in a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
I found 9 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on the hotels star rating?
No, I don't have any preference on star rating. Whichever one that meets my previous criteria would be great.
I recommend the [Allenbell]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, but could you give me their address, phone number, and post code?
The address is at 517a coldham lane, postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the western part of town, I'm a big sports fan so it should involve any type of sport.
Are only multiple sports center is the cherry hinton village centre in the east, would you care for that or something else in the west?
That is fine, I just need to know the entrance fee please.
I don't have any information about the entrance fee. I'm sure you could call and ask them. Their phone number is 01223576412.
Okay thank you. That was all I needed to know. Goodbye.
Thank you, I hope you have a pleasant stay!


I am looking to find a train. It needs to go to [Cambridge] and it has to leave on Monday.
I have 202 trains travelling to Cambridge on Monday, could you be more specific on when you'd like to depart and from where?
I'd like to depart from Stevenage after [19:45].
I have one train departing at 19:54, one at 21:54, and the last one at 23:54. Will any of those work?
Yes, 19:54 will be fine. I'd like tickets for 5 people.
Congratulations! Your booking was successful with a reference number of DMEL46A6 and a fee of 64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I'm looking to book a train that will depart out of Cambridge. Can you give me information about trains that leave Cambridge and arrive in Norwich?
Of course. There is a train leaving Friday at 5:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
What time does it arrive?
It arrives by 06:55 would that be okay to book for you?
No I need one that arrives at [16:15].
I'm afraid 06:55 is the earliest I could find.
What? 16:15 is later that 6:55. Are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?
TR2534 arrives that time. can i book for you?
TR2534 arrives at what time?
Sorry, there was a miscommunication earlier. TR8314 is your best bet. It will arrive in Norwich at 15:55 on Friday.
Yes I would like this train booked. I need ticket for 4 people. I also need the reference number please.
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee due at the station is 70.4 GBP. The reference number is 8RU6MZ5J .
Okay thanks. Can you also help me find somewhere to stay? I'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.
I have 3 star guesthouses in the north. One has free wifi and parking while the other has neither. Which one would you prefer?
The one with wifi will work. I need to book it for Friday, 5 nights, 4 people.
No problem. I have the rooms booked for you. What else can I do?
Reference number please, come on, this is taking too long. And I didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?
I apologize. You're booked at the [Hamilton Lodge] and your Reference number is : UC7W5EFU . Can I assist you with anything else?
That was all I needed.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


I want a taxi to [saint barnabas press gallery]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by [02:15] please
And where shall the taxi pick you up from?
I'll be leaving from [the gardenia].
I was able to book a white Honda to come pick you up.
Do you have a contact number?
I do. The contact number is 07565551226.
That's all I need thanks
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I'm looking for some entertainment related places to go in the centre of Cambridge.
I was unable to find any entertainment in the centre.
Okay. How about a boat anywhere in town?
There are two boats in the centre, scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information?
I will take the phone number, entrance fee and address of the one you choose for me.
I will choose for you the Cambridge punter, their phone number is 07807718591, they are found on 251a Chesterton road, they don't have an entrance fee.


Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?
There are over 30. What type of food are you interested in?
Any type would be good. Can you recommend one?
the [bedouin] serves african and is the expensive range? would you liketo book a table.
No thanks. Can you tell me the address of the restaurant?
They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre
Great. I am also looking train schedules, leaving from Stevanage and going to Cambridge.
What time will you be departing?
I need to leave sometime after [11:00] and I need tickets for 7 people.
Great, I'll be happy to look into this for you. What day would you like to leave? Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I'd like to leave Sunday, and it doesn't matter when I arrive.
There is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge Sunday at 11:54, it arrives at 12:43 costing 10.24 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes, please. Can you please be sure to tell me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCN15KC1 . Will you need anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.
Enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.
We have 23 locations like that. Any area preferences?
In the north area, please.
That narrows it down to 10 locations. Do you have any kind of price range in mind?
No, I don't care about price, but I do need to have free parking.
I believe I would like Worth house.
That`s fine. What is their address, please?
Worth House is located at 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they offer free parking?
Yes, they do.
Wonderful. I just need their postcode then please.
Yes, it is cb41da.
That is it, thanks.
Thank you & have a good day


I am looking for attractions in the centre.
The city centre has many attractions to offer. Do you have a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
I would like the attraction in the centre, and I would like the amount of the entrance fees in the centre.
There are many museums with free entrance, or nightclubs with fees around 4-5 pounds. Would you be interested in more information on any of these?
Actually, can you find a train to birmingham new street for me? I need to leave after [19:45].
What is your departure site and day of travel?
Should depart from Cambridge and go to Birmingham New Street
There are 28 trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter, the first train after 19:45 works for me. I need to book it for four people, and please provide the reference number.
I was able to book 4 tickets on train TR7769 departing at 20:01 and arriving at 23:44. Your reference number is H6UCCIBA . Is there anything else?
No, that will do it! Thank you for all your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
What food type are you looking for?
i don't care what type of food it is.
There is [Da Vinci Pizzeria] and Royal Spice, both are in the north area and in the cheap price range.
What are their phone numbers?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 01223 351707, and Royal Spice is at 01733 553355.
Thank you good bye.
Thanks


I'm looking for a train from Cambridge.
Let me help you with that, where would you like to go?
I need to get to Stansted airport please.
What day will you be traveling?
I'd like to travel on thursday
What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after [16:15].
Ok there is one leaving at the same time i'm eager to book it for you


I need a train leaving cambridge on thursday.
There are quite a few running all day to many different stations. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Leicester and get there by [18:45]
Sure, I can get you aboard a 15:21 arriving at 17:06. Would you like me to book a seat aboard TR9839?
Not right now. Thanks for the information though! Have a great day! Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Oh wait! Before you go, can you give me some information on the [cherry hinton village centre]?
Of course. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre has multiple sports in the east end of town.
Sounds good. What is the postcode, please?
The postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, may I have their address, please?
The address is colville road, cherry hinton.
That is all I need, thank you.
Thank you for using our service. have a good day!
Good bye.
Enjoy your day. Good bye.


Morning! I need a train departing from kings lynn.
There are trains from Kings Lynn every hour from 5:11. Did you have a particular day and time of day in mind?
Yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after [11:00].
How about the TR8331 Train? It departs at 11:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:58.
Sounds good. Could you tell me how much it costs for a ticket, and how long of a trip that will be?
Yes, the ticket costs 9.80 pounds and the ride is 47 minutes long. Can I be of any other help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south with free wifi. What options are there for that?
There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 guesthouses ranging from cheap to moderate. Which do you prefer?
Does the hotel have free parking?
The hotel does have free parking! It's called the [lensfield hotel] and has 3 stars.
Could you tell me the postcode of this hotel?
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb21en. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not quite yet, but can you tell me the price range of the Lensfield, please?
The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Note yet. Can you tell me more about the hotel?
The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It's a 3 star, expensive hotel, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you! Goodbye.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a good day.


I am looking for an attraction to visit in the west that involves architecture, any suggestions?
I am not showing any in that part of town, ould you like me to try other areas?
How about a museum in the west?
Sure. I think a fun place to visit is [Cafe Jello Gallery].
Oh that does sound fun. What is the entrance fee? Also can I have the address and postcode?
The Cafe Jello Gallery offers free admission. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. You can reach them at 01223312112. Their postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named [huntington marriott hotel].
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a beautiful and expensive hotel in the west. They have a 4-star rating and offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, what type of hotel is it?
It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
That is fine. That's all, thank you! goodbye.
Did you need to book a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I can help you out with that.
what type of hotel is it?
It is a 4 star hotel. Would you like to book this hotel?
Not just yet. I have everything I need for today. Thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You too, and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Can you give me information on a restaurant called [graffiti]?
Graffiti is a British restaurant on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 2 for Wednesday, please.
I can absolutely do that for you, what time would you like me to make that reservation for?
At [14:00] please.
I am sorry they do not have a table at that time, perhaps another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range?
I booked Travellers Rest for you. It is also an expensive British restaurant. Reference number 1JYRFRT0 . Will that be all for today?
If [Travellers Rest] is in the same area as Grafitti then that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Enjoy the rest fo your day


I need to find a [vietnamese] restaurant in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches those criteria. Is there something else I can find for you?
Can you try [chinese]?
I have four choices for Chinese restaurants. Three are in the center of town and one is in the north. Any preference?
I'm a pathological liar. I don't want Chinese. I actually want [British] food.
All righty, then. We have five moderately priced British restaurants. I'm almost afraid to ask, but does location matter?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.
There are 4 options for british food in the centre. restaurant one seven, [the oak bistro], the copper kettle and cotto. Do any of those sound good to you?
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at [17:45] on tuesday and get me the reference number
The oak bistro. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TMOV7WRE .
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay.
Okay, what requirements do you have for a place to stay?
I would like a three star hotel. I'm trying to unplug on this trip, so free internet isn't necessary.
Alpha milton guesthouse in the north is three stars with no internet, are you open to a guesthouse or is a hotel preferred?
I would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. It should be 3 stars.
I apologize, but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Are you open to a different star rating or price range?
Yes, could you make a suggestion maybe?
The Ashley Hotel is moderately-priced and 2-stars. Would that be OK?
Actually, I am open to a guest house. Can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the moderate range?
There are 4 guesthouses with a 3 star rating. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town? There are choices in the north, south, and west.
Since none of them seem to be close to the restaurant, can you suggest one for me?
i recommend [hobsons house] in the west. can i give you the address?
Could you book it for me? I need it for 3 people for 3 days.
I have you booked for 3 people, 3 days starting on tuesday, reference number is YB9WDND7, any other questions?
I also need a taxi that arrives at the booked time.
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know what your destination is.
yeah i want to get tp the restaurant at the time you booked it for me
I just need to confirm, will you be leaving from the hotel?
Yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant by 17:45. Can you book the taxi for me, please?
Your taxi reservation has been booked. The car type is Black Ford and the contact number is 07375823066. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge


could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?
Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
It does not matter.
[christ's college] is a beautiful college. You would love it !
Great, may I please have the address?
Christ's college is in the centre of town. Their address is saint andrew's street
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday
We have 14 places with all kind of food type, any preference?
Hm, I guess a [chinese] place would be good.
I'm sorry but I have no Chinese in this area. Could we try another area or type of food?
[Italian] food sounds good as well, how about that? The area and price must stay the same. Really anything is fine I don't care.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Italian restaurants in the area either. How about a cheaper option?
Well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. Book it for 1 person for Saturday at [14:30].
Done! I have booked you a table at [Travellers Rest], which will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 86LRTWFF . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey skoda Contact number : 07328070350
Thanks. That is all I need for today. Bye.
Bye, have a good time.


I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should have free internet and parking.
I can look that up for you! Did you have a particular area you wished to stay in or other important criteria?
I'd like a place that is cheap but still has free wifi and free parking. Do you have a place like that?
The Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west and has a 4-star rating. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, thanks. I would like the postcode to that hotel, please.
The postcode on that hotel is cb236bw. Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any cinemas?
Unfortunately, there are no cinemas in the west. Can I try another area?
Yes, please try the centre.
I have the [Vue] Cincema in the centre.
That will work as that is also close to me! Thank you.
Ok, the Vue Cinema is located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any other information about it?
Yes. What are the postcode and entrance fee?
I don't have info on the entry fee, sorry. Post code is cb11ps. You can also try calling them at 08712240240. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that is everything I need for now. Thanks so much. Bye.
I'm pleased I could assist you. Goodbye.


I'd like a restaurant with [Korean] food please.
[Little Seoul] is a Korean restaurant in the city centre, serving expensive food.
What is their address and phone number?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, goodbye.


I would like to stay at [Rosa's] bed and breakfast in cambridge. can you give tell me their contact information and location?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a charming guesthouse located at 543 Roseford Road. Their phone number is 01 223 512 596. Shall I get a reservation set up for you?
No, I just need information today thanks. So, it is a bed and breakfast right? I don't want a hotel. Any parking or internet available?
Yes it is a bed and breakfast, they do offer internet and parking. Is there any other information that you need?
looking for a place to dine in moderate price and in the south
I have to places. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Yes [chinese] please.
would you prefer another type of cuisine? i do not have a chinese restaurant that meets your criteria.
How about checking [Modern European] food?
I recommend [Restaurant Alimentum] at 152-154 Hills Road. Great food.
That's a wonderful suggestion. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?
The phone number is 01223413000. The postcode is cb28pb. May I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye
goodbye and enjoy your meal.


Can I take a train from stevenage on tuesday?
Absolutely. Where would you be heading to and what day/time would you like to travel?
I need to go to Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by [11:15].
The earliest from Stevenage is the TR9263, and it leaves at 05:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:43. Would you like to reserve a ticket for this train?
Sure, I need to book it for 3 people. Can I get a reference number please? Thanks so much!
Sure thing. The booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: PL3IZVMA . Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel in the center area.
I have 3 hotels in the centre. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
do any of them have free parking?
Yes, two hotels have free parking. The only difference between the two is that one has a 3-star rating and the other has 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can I get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?
The 4 star hotel is in the expensive price range and its address is regent street and its telephone number is 01223351241.
What is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?
It's called the [University Arms Hotel]. Would you like me to book your stay?
yes please book it for me
I am getting that ready now, what day will that start. I also need to know how many people and how long?
Actually I don't need it booked, I just need to know the price range, address and phone please.
It is in the expensive range. It is located on regent street and their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all I needed. Thank you. Goodbye.
Alright. Glad I could be of help. Thanks for calling.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
OK, how can I help you?
I need a train to Cambridge leaving after [13:45].
The earliest Train leaving to cambridge is on friday at 15:17, this train will be leaving from london kings cross. Is this okay?
Not at all. I need a train departing from Peterborough to Cambridge.
TR2521 leaves at 13:48 would that work for you?
Is that train running on Sunday? I need to travel from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday.
The TR9407 leaves on Sunday. It travels from Peterborough to Cambridge. It departs at 13:48. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book that for 7 people and I need the reference number.
Great! Your reference number for TR7864 leaving Peterborough at 14:19 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:09 on Sunday for 7 people is confirmed. The total will be 92.4 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is PXS0GH2C . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a cheap guest house. It should be 4 stars in any area.
we have quite a few when were you planning your stay
Sunday, 2 nights. 7 people.
I would recommend the Leverton house in the east then. What day are you arriving?
It will be on Sunday.
Can I give you more information about [Leverton House]? Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, can I also have the reference number?
Your all set! Ref # is 6C507J4U .
Great, thank you! Have a great day. Goodbye.
You're welcome. I hope you have a great day.


I need some information on a place called [Pizza express].
Pizza Express is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the center of town. Do you need more information?
Can you give me the postcode and address please?
Of course. The postcode is cb21db and it is at Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges to see in town. Can you help me with that?
what is your price range for that?
I don't care about that but I would like the address and area of the college I visit.
I would recommend gonville and caius college, that is a nice campus in the centre area and best of all, admission is free, would you like more info?
What is the address for [Gonville] and Caius College?
you selected attraction can you please correct so I can search.
The gonville caius college would be a nice attraction. Could I get the address please?
It is located on trinity street.
Thank you. I look forward to the day in town. Goodbye.
I'm happy to be of help. Take care. Goodbye.


I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves [scottish] food.
There are no restaurants serving scottish food. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, how about [modern European] food?
Eraina is a great European eatery. What other information can I provide to you?
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 368786. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Thanks, enjoy!


Any good places to eat in centre?
Were you interested in any particular type of food such as British or Chinese?
We wouldn't mind trying something new. We'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range. What do you recommend?
I would recommend Kymmoy hands down. Great little Asian Oriental place. Can I reserve a table for you?
What's the address there?
52 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
no thaank you that is all i need today
I'm glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your meal!


I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is a 2 star hotel with or without free parking.
There are a few options. Will you be staying in the north or the east?
I don't really have a preference for location, but I want someplace with free WiFi and would like it in the expensive price range.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2 star hotel with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. 2 nights for 1 person.
What day will you begin your stay?
Staying for two nights beginning on Friday.
express by holiday inn is a nice place,do you want me to book it for you
I would just like the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to dine in the centre area. Can you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves [indian] food?
There are 6 expensive indian restaurants in the centre. I recommend curry garden. Would you like to book a table?
No, can you just get me the address, post code and phone number.
The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre, the post code is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330.
Thank you for all the information. Wonderful service. Goodbye.
You are quite welcome, have a wonderful day! goodbye!


Hello, I'm sight seeing in Cambridge and I'm looking for somewhere to eat on the westside.
There are 14 restaurants on the west side. Are you looking for a restaurant with a particular cuisine?
Any cuisine is fine, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
Ok, how about [Meghna]? It is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west side.
Please book a table for 2 at [19:15] on Saturday with a reference number and l need a theatre in the same area as the restaurant.
Okay done I have booked you a table for two and your reservation number is 6X0OV3JV . I have many theaters in the same area. What about [Cambridge Arts]?
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number?
The phone number for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 01223503333. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the entrance fee to the Cambridge Arts Theatre?
I apologize but the entrance fee for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is unlisted. Would you like their phone number instead?
That's okay, can I get a taxi from [cambridge arts theatre] to [Meghna] by [19:15]?
Your booking is complete! Your taxi will be a yellow ford. The contact number for your driver is 07755954404. Is there anything I else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Okay great. Enjoy your time in Cambridge and please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help!


moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please
There are two italian and one british moderatley priced restaurants. Are there any you would like to know more information on?
Please give me the address of the [british] restaurant.
[Saint Johns Chop House] is a British restaurant located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street.
what type of food do they serve ?
Saint Johns Chop House serves british food .
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve [british] food
[Travellers rest] is amazing. would you like a reservation?
Yes I need table for 6 people at [12:15] on saturday
Your party of 6 is booked for Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 6W59CFFR . Is there anything else?
No, thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome!


I'm looking for Hotels in the center area of town.
Great. I have 3 options available for you. Is there a price range or star rating you prefer?
I don't care, but I'd like free parking.
I have the Gonville Hotel with free parking in the center that is in the expensive price range.
The [Gonville Hotel] is good. Can I book a room?
Yes I need to know how many people wil be staying and for how long and from when.
Does it have free wifi and what is the rating of the hotel?
They have free wifi and the rating of the hotel.
How many stars is the hotel rated?
The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. Can I book you a room?
Are there any museums close to the hotel?
There are 11 museums in the centre.
That's great, could you pick me one and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and address?
broughton house gallery is free entrance. The address is 98 king street and phone is 01223314960. Is there anything else?
I AM also looking for a place to stay
The Gonville hotel is nice. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
What is their star rating?
They have a 3 Star rating
Thanks, but I believe we are repeating ourselves. The hotel and attraction are all I need at this time. Goodbye.
Do you want hotel reservations?


I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge on Saturday.
There are many trains available for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind? The trip will take 105 minutes.
The train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday. The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by [10:15]
Okay, the TR2969 leaves at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please for four people. May I also get the reference number?
Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 5FHHNO0K . The total fee is 120.06 and you can pay that at the station.
I am also in the market for a new restaurant. Is there something in the centre of town?
There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Can I narrow it down by price for you?
I'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, I am interested more in [eritrean] food, do you have any with that?
I'm sorry, there aren't any available. Would you like to try something else?
How about a place that serves [British] food?
There will serves nice British food. Its taste is good
Could you book it for me, for Saturday?
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving British food in the centre of town.
Can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the centre area?
I recommend [the oak bistro]. It is a british restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like it will do. Can you reserve a table for the same group of people at [15:15] on the same day, please?
The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QSNSUAGG . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Just double checking. The restaurant reservation is for Saturday at 15:15, correct?
That is correct for 4 people at the oak bistro.
Yes please if it's available.
The booking was successful. The table well be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is QSNSUAGG . Can I help with anything else today?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!
I'm glad we could help! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.


Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant called [Graffiti]. Can you help me locate it?
It is on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 7 for Sunday at [14:45].
I've booked your reservation at Graffiti for Sunday 18/06/2017 for 7 people. Reference number 3GQ3ITLZ .
Excellent. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should have free parking and free wifi.
I can help with that. Is there a particular area that you would prefer to stay in?
No, not really. It just needs to be a hotel.
How about the Ashley Hotel? It is on the North side of town and has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the [Ashley] have?
It has 2 stars. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me somewhere.
Certainly. Where are you departing from and where are you going? I also need the time you are leaving or need to arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant by the time the reservation starts.
Where do you want to be picked up?
Please have the taxi pick me up at the hotel. Can I get the taxi contact number and car type?
When would you like to leave?
An hour after I arrive at the restaurant sounds about right.
Your car from the Ashley Hotel to Graffiti is booked.The car type is a Black Volkswagen and the contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great thank you so much that's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our system!


Hi I need to know which train will take me to Cambridge on Monday, can you help me?
There are 202 potential matches for your criteria. Where would you be coming from that day?
I will be departing Kings Lynn after [12:00]
Yes I have a 13:11 that arrives in Cambridge from Kings Lynn by 13:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price please?
TR0415 leaves at 17:58. can i help you book?
I will need the price, travel time, and train id first please. Also looking for a park to go in town.
Train TR4329 has a travel time of 47 minutes with a cost of 9.80 pounds. I'd be happy to book that for you.
That's okay, can you tell me about parks in town?
We have 5 parks throughout the city, 2 in the south, 1 in the north, east, and centre. Would you like more information on any of these?
Which one is in the east?
In the East we [Cherry Hinton Water Play] park, it is free to enter. Would you like the phone number or address?
If i could just get the phone number that would be great.
Sure! It's 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!
No problem. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


I need to find the nearest hospital please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you need?
No thanks, I am all set.
Have a good day. Goodbye.


I would like to visit an attraction in the west area of town?
Sure, I can help with that. What kind of attraction were you intersted in?
I am looking for places to go in town in the west and I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.
Queens' college costs 2.50 pounds. Their phone number and postcode are 01223335511 and cb39et0. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I also need a restaurant for a nice, expensive meal. Near the college, at least in the same area.
We have several available. What type of food are you interested in?
I have heard a lot about [molecular gastronomy] food and want to try it, any places like that around?
no we dont have such a place around. can i suggest a good place?
If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves european food
Unfortunatley, I couldn't find [european] food.
just give me your best picks
How about a [French] restaurant?
Yes, please also make a reservation for 8 people.
sure, what day a time do you want your reservation?
Monday at [11:45] please.
I have Restaurant two two in the north of town and Cote in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Sorry, did you not understand me earlier? I said the restaurant needs to be in the same area as the attraction. Neither of those are in the west.
[cambridge lodge restaurant] will suit your needs and is located in the west. I'm sorry about before, there must have been something wrong with my computer. Can I book it?
Please. To reiterate - I need a table for 8 on Monday at 11:45.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5KFVOKBO .
Thank you - and sorry for any confusion. I appreciate your patience. Goodbye.
No worries, goodbye.


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I am here to help, should I run a search or do you already have a place in mind?
Yes, I would like somewhere that serves [mediterranean] cuisine and is located in the centre.
Okay, there are a few options. What is your price range?
I don't have a particular price range in mind but would prefer something in the mid to low range
The gardenia is cheap, can I book you or provide some info?
What is the phone number and postcode for [The Gardenia]? I also need help finding a train leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.
01223356354. Is there anything else?
I just need the reference number, please.
If you would like me to make you a reservation I will need to know what time you would like to dine and for how many people.
What is the post code and price range for that place to eat?
cb23ll, it is in the cheap range.
Thanks, and I'll need 2 tickets on a train. I'll be heading from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, and I need to arrive by [09:00].
Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : T2N33CQB .
Would you like to make a reservation for the restaurant?
Haha, that is funny. I am the clerk so why would I need a reservation. But, is there anything else I can help you with? A restaurant possibly?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.
Glad I could be of help. Have a great day!


I need a train to Cambridge.
Ok. Where will you be departing from?
I want to leave from Ely on Friday.
Okay, do you have a desired time for departure or arrival?
I need to leave after [09:45].
TR0212 departs Ely Friday at 11:35, would you like to book a ticket for this train?
What time does it arrive?
It arrives at 11;52. would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just needed the information. I am all set, thanks. Have a nice day.
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am going to the east part of Cambridge and want to see a good attraction.
We have several, are you looking for anything specific?
Nothing specific as I am looking for recommendations.
How about the funky fun house?
No, do you have any other suggestions?
There is the camboats, and the museum of technology!
[Camboats] sounds interesting. What type is it and where is it located?
camboats is a boat attraction. It is located in the east. The address is the plough, green end, fen ditton,. Is there anything else I can help with?
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves [gastropub] food.
[Royal Standard] is in the east and serves Gastropub food, does that meet your needs?
Yes that would be great. Could you book that for me?
Yes when would you like to go and what party size will you have?
I actually don't need a booking. Can I have the phone number and address instead?
phone number-01223247877 you are welcome
I still need the address, and after that we need to talk about a taxi.
The address for [Royal Standard] is 290 Mill Road City Centre. Is there any more information regarding the restaurant?
No I just need a taxi from [Camboats] at [11:30] to go to the restaurant.
You're all set! You will be traveling in a grey BMW and their contact number is 07991243906 should you need to contact them.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Enjoy your stay. Glad I could help.


I want to find a [chinese] restaurant in the east. Do you know of any?
There is one, Yu Garden, and it is expensive. Does that appeal to you?
Sure, can I please have the phone number?
Phone is 01223248882. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thanks, but I would like to find a place to stay. I need a 4-star place with free parking.
I have about 19 hotels that are 4 star. May i know your preferred area, type and budget so i can narrow down the search for you to choose from.
I do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I would like someplace expensive.
great! there are two options for you. huntingdon marriott hotel or university arms hotel
Let's go with the [university arms hotel]. I'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. We'd like to stay for 3 nights.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : K9LY95GD . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope that is all thanks for all of your help!
Thank you for calling.


I need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving [international] food.
How about the varsity restaurant, they are located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 3 A.R, phone number is 01223 356060.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a train for my upcoming trip to Cambridge. Can you help me find one?
I am happy to help, where are you coming from and on what day?
I am departing from Bishops Stortfod on Friday. I can leave after [9:45]
There is an 11:29 that will arrive by 12:07 for 10.10 pounds. Does that sound good?
I need the train ID
The Train ID is TR6834.
Thank you I was also hoping to find a [british] place to eat in the centre.
I have about 7 different places that serve british food. I have mostly expensive and moderately priced places. Do you have a preference?
Lets do a moderate one. Which would you recommend?
I would recommend the the oak bistro, which is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
Yes, please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people at 21:00 on Friday.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay! What would you like to know?
First, I need a cheap guesthouse in the centre. It should have free WiFi.
Yes I have two one is rated 4 stars and the other has a 0 star rating. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer the 4 star rated one. I need to book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting friday.
Okay. Your booking at the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] was successful. Your reference number is 7IL8SAJV .
Great thank you
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train that leaves on monday going to birmingham new street.
There are trains every hour to birmingham new street. It takes 163 minutes. What time would you like to travel?
I need to depart from Cambridge, leaving after [20:30]
There are three trains that depart after 20:30 The first one departs at 21:01. Would you like to book a seat?
No thank you! I just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.
TR2392 arrives at 23:44. I travels for 163 minutes.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [mexican] food
There are no restaurants moderately priced that serves mexican food.
How about [international] food?
[Bloomsbury Restaurant] is a moderately priced restaurant that serves international food in the centre part of town.
What is their address and postcode?
there address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the post code is CB23DT is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye. Thank you for using the system.


I am looking for a train departing from Broxbourne after [20:15].
There are 28 available train rides from Broxbourne to Cambridge. The earliest leaves at 20:32 daily and the latest leaves at 23:32. What day would you like to ride?
Let's do that 20:32 on Wednesday please
How many tickets do you need? Price is 17.90 pounds.
1 please with the arrival time and train id.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your train ID is TR6477, and your reference number is K43GMVMX . Will that be all?
I'll need to know the arrival time, please?
it will arrive at 21:32.
A need a park in centre and need a phone number and entrance fee
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is the only park in Centre, the phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you. I think that's it for today.
Well thank you and I hope you have a wonderful day!


I need to take a train on saturday after [15:00]
First I need a little more information to find something that will suit your needs. What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from Peterborough.
Okay, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No, just need to leave after 15:00. When will I arrive and how long does it take?
You have a few options. One train leaves at 15:19 and it's about a 50 minute trip, putting you in cambridge at 16:09. Should I book it for you?
No thanks. I also need multiple sports places to go please.
Okay, I found one on the East side called the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to get you the address?
no, thanks I just need the phone number
The phone number for the cherry hinton village centre is 01223576412
I am also looking for a multiple sports complex to visit.
There's the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like more information?
Thanks. I am all set here.
Would you like some info on that venue?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.
Have a wonderful day


I need to find Local Restaurants in Cambridge where I can dine and I also need an expensive 4 Star Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.
sure, what kind of hotel are you looking for?
An actual hotel instead of a guesthouse, I would need to have free wifi.
How about the [huntingdon marriott hotel]?
Yes, I'd like to book 2 nights there, please.
Sure I can help with that. What day would like the reservation for and for how many people?
For 1 person, 2 nights starting Sunday.
I was able to book your room. Your reference number is W7ML67QB . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called the [midsummer house restaurant].
That is an expensive british restaurant in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223369299. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation.
I would love to! how many people, which date and time?
IT will be at [16:00] on Sunday. Just a table for one.
Your booking was successful! The reference number is 2X3EOW8A . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'd like a train leaving Cambridge for Broxbourne, please.
What day would you like to travel?
I need to travel on Tuesday after [15:15].
I have the TR1835 going from Cambridge at 16:01 to Broxbourne at 17:01. Does that sound suitable? I can book some tickets for you if you like.
Could I get the price first?
17.90 pounds is the price.
I'm not ready to book yet. I'm also looking for a place to stay.
I can help with that. There are 33 choices. Is there a specific price range you would like to stay in?
I really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a moderate price range. I don't care if there's free parking, but it has to be a hotel.
The [cityrooma] hotel is located in the centre and is of moderate price range. Would you like me to make reservations?
Please book it for 1 person, for 4 nights starting friday.
Your reference number is XCJE8L9R, is there anything else you need?
No I believe that will be all for now. Thank you for your help!
Alright, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a train heading to Cambridge and I will be departing from Kings Lynn.
The first train leaves on Friday at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Should I book it for you?
No, not at this time. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you. Enjoy your trip.


I am looking for a hotel on the east side, and I would prefer a four star hotel
Does the hotel needs to have free parking?
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible, what is there available?
The [warkworth house] is moderately priced and meets your criteria. Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
I would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
Okay, that booking was successful. You're reference number is 3AT2D81N . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for your help.
Is there any thing else you need?
No, again, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.
I have several options. They all leave on Friday; do you have a preferred departure time?
Eww, Friday won't really work for me. Do you have anything on Thursday?
There are 10 trains traveling on Thursday. The first train leaves at 05:54. Do you want to book this train or do you want a later departure time?
That train sounds good, can you book it for 4 people?
Booked! Your reference number is: 4T6UFRYC . Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called [Meghna]?
it is a moderate restaurant in the west. can i book for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 4 on Thursday at [20:30].
I booked it for you. The reference number is TCBE0PUQ .
Thank you, goodbye
Enjoy the rest of your day!


Are there any trains leaving cambridge?
There are many trains leaving Cambridge
I'm trying to get to London Liverpool Street on Friday.
When would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference but I do need to arrive by [14:45].
Friday at 5:59 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for 3 people.
Great. Your booking was successful. The reference number is E2998ZVM .
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the centre?
There are lots of expensive food options in the centre. Do you have a preferred food type?
Can you just suggest one for me?
I recommend [bedouin]. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please reserve it for 3 people on Friday at [11:45]. And I want the reference number too
You are booked for 3 at 11:45 on Friday at Bedouin. Your reference number is JETYPNVX . Have fun! Anything else?
Awesome, that is all thanks for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


I need a train from broxbourne
What day would you like to travel to Broxbourne?
I need to leave on Thursday.
Do you have time travel preference?
Yes, time travel would be fine. But I need to get to Cambridge by [11:45] at the latest.
My apologies about the confusion, it looks like the best option for you is the TR5979, which leaves at 10:32 and arrives at 11:32. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please book this for 8 people. I will also need the reference number.
Booking was successful for TR5979, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : CNUS8VFV . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Will a guesthouse do, or are you only interested in a hotel?
Just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.
I've got the [gonville hotel] with a 3 star rating. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No thank you. I just need the price and the postcode please.
Certainly, the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly. the price range for the hotel is expensive, but I don't have the actual price.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
[hobsons house] looks good, it's got a 3 star rating and wifi. would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel. If so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.
Hobsons house is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb39lh. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll book one when I get there. Thank you for your help!
I'm happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I needed.
Okay then, you have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi
There are several options is there a specific area you are looking for?
I would prefer the North.
Okay, the Hamilton Lodge matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
actually, is the hamilton lodge a guesthouse? I'd prefer a cheap guesthouse.
[Hamilton Lodge] is a guesthouse but it is in the moderate price range. There is a cheap guesthouse called Worth House that's rated 4 stars. Want more information on that one?
That sounds acceptable. Can you please book a room for me starting on Wednesday? It will only be me and I will be staying 5 nights.
Your reference number is ZJ0BD7WY . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking to get some [Italian] food.
I have found several Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area or price range you are looking for?
Do you have one in the east, in the cheap price range?
Sorry, I don't see anything matching that query. Would you like to try a different price range or area?
Can you book it for Sunday and give me a reference number please..
Again, there are no restaurants matching your query. Please try a different price range, area, or food type.
Can you find one in the east with a different price range?
There is [pizza hut fen ditton] in the moderate price range in the east
Okay, I want to book that restaurant for 1 person
What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation on the same day at [11:00].
Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P8B1BVO7 . Anything else I can help with?
No I am good to go now. Thanks, bye!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an [Express by Holiday Inn], right?
Yes we do have one Express Holiday Inn. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next Saturday.
Sure, how many days would you like to stay?
I just need their postcode and price range please. I will book it myself later.
No problem! The postcode is cb13llh and price range is listed as expensive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking to visit [The Fez Club] during my stay. May I have their phone number?
Sure. Their number is 01223519224. May I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to take me from [The Fez Club] to my hotel please.
I can book that for you. Can you give me a departure time?
I want to leave the Fez Club by [17:00].
I booked a red Volkswagen to pick you up at The Fez Club by 17:00. The contact number is 07404417573. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for places to go in the centre.
What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure.
There are old churches, colleges, and art museums.
I really don't have a preference. How about old churches?
How about Holy Trinity Church? It has a free entrance fee as well.
Is there a phone number that I can use to contact the [Holy Trinity Church]?
The phone number is 01223355397.
Great I also need to get a train on thursday to go to bishops stortford.
There are 10 trains that day. Do you have a desired departure or arrival time?
Yes I want to leave from Cambridge after [14:30]. I also would like the travel time and train ID if possible.
Sure TR7759 would work best with your request. That leaves at 15:29 and arrives 16:07. It does cost 10.10 pounds per ticket though.
That sounds perfect. I would like to book two seats.
Your total fee is 20.2 GDP, payable at the station. The reference number is ALEMIAWN . May I help with anything else?
Just to verify, my boss is a stickler for reimbursement things. It appears the travel time adds up to 38 minutes, is that accurate?
Correct, your trip from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford will take 38 minutes in total. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thank you that's all the info I need.
Very good, have a nice day!


I'd like something fun to do while I'm in Cambridge.
There are many different attractions in town. Did you have a certain type of activity in mind?
I'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.
You have a choice of Nusha or Tenpin.
get me their post code and phone number.
Okay, Nusha's post code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin's postcode is cb17dy and phone number is 08715501010.
Thanks. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?
sure, i have 10 options for you!
I need it to be in the west and I would prefer a hotel.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is located in the West is cheap, and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does it have free parking ?
Yes it does! Do you want me to book now?
Can you just tell me the address please?
It's located at Back Lane, Cambourne. Can I help you with anything else today?
Please! Can you help me book a taxi to [Nusha]? I'd like to leave the hotel by [14:30] to make sure I get to Nusha too early to enjoy myself.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white lexus Contact number : 07607123789
Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome. Have a great trip.
thanks and great day
you too have a great day


I'm looking for a taxi to [museum of archaelogy and anthropology].
What time do you wan to leave and arrive by?
I need to get there by [17:15].
Where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from [cote].
Okay great. You are booked with a yellow volvo.
Thanks. May I have the contact number for the Volvo, please?
Yes, the number is: 07611307167 Can I help with anything else?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much.
Please contact again if you have any other questions


I need a taxi to arrive by [13:15] to [primavera]
I can help book that for you, first I will need to know where you need picked up from.
I'm departing from [curry queen].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white bmw Contact number : 07843539534
Thank you, I'm all set. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.


I need a train for Saturday at [13:00] and I will be traveling from Cambridge to London kings cross. Please book it for 7 people.
You are all booked for the TR4003 train. Price is 132.16 GBP. Reference number B02EELPU . Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, my apologies, but can you confirm that the TR4003 train leaves after 13:00?
It leaves right at 13:00. If you'd like to leave later, the next train departs at 15:00
The 13:00 train is perfect. Please book 7 tickets. Thanks.
It has been booked and your Reference number is: B02EELPU . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you for the help.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a train to go to London Kings Cross.
There are several available option to travel to Kings cross today. What time would you like to travel?
I need to travel after [9am]
There are 56 trains. How does the TR2000 train that leaves at 9 am sound?
that will be ok. thank you for your help
Can I look up anything else for you?
That's on Wednesday, right?
No, that's on Friday, actually. On Wednesday, I have TR6583 departing Cambridge at 9:00, going to London King's Cross. Will that work for you?
Okay very good. What's the train ID on that please?
TR6583, would you like for me to get you tickets?
Yes please book that train for me.
Sure, will you be traveling alone?
Yes it's just going to be me.
I've booked you a ticket. The fee is 23.6 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 3XI4V3C1 . Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that's all. Thank you.
thanks for your service
Have a nice day.
Have a great day. Let me know if you need any other help.
I will. Thanks again!
You're welcome. Please call us again if you need anything else.


Could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
Both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town. Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes. What kind of food do they serve?
Restaurant alimentum serves modern european food, and peking restaurant serves chinese.
Could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better?
Peking Restaurant's phone number is 01223 354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I'm interested in booking a train for Tuesday please. I need one that arrives by [09:15]
Ok.. where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from Ely and arrive at Cambridge.
That narrows it down to 2 options. I have train TR6971 that leaves at 07:35 and will arrive in Cambridge by 07:52. Would that work for you?
I want the train that arrive in Cambridge by 07:52, can you bookm it for me ?
I sure can, for how many people?
Actually, I don't need the ticket right now. Could you recommend a museum in the centre, though?
I have 11 of them to choose from. Are you looking for one in particular? If I may, might I suggest the [Regency Gallery]. It's recently added lots of exhibits.
Yes please that sounds great can I have the post code?
Of course! The postcode is cb11er.
Great, that's all I need thank you!
You are welcome, enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, goodbye, this should be the end of our chat.
Thank you very much! Goodbye.


Hello, I am new to town and would like some ideas on whee I should go in the centre.
There are 44 attractions you can view - is there a specific type of activity you're looking for?
No. Can you recommend a place I should go?
I can recommend the [Vue Cinema] at the grafton centre, east road. Would you like me to book tickets?
OK. What is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, I don't have a listing of their entrance fee in my system.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive [danish] restaurant in the centre of town.
I am sorry, I couldn't find such a restaurant. Would you like to change your preferences, perhaps a different type of cuisine?
I apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but I would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?
The Vue Cinema is in the centre, but the entry fee is not listed. Perhaps you'd prefer All Saint's Church, which is renowned for its Architecture, and offers free admittance?
No thank you. i'm looking for an [indian] restaurant
There are five Indian restaurants near the centre in the expensive price range. They are: curry garden, the golden curry, saffron brasserie, panahar, and curry king.
Let's go with [curry garden]. I need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.
Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp. The phone number is 01223302330.
I also need a taxi from [Vue Cinema] to [Curry Garden]. I need to leave Curry Garden by [14:45]
I've booked your taxi - a grey toyota, contact number 07445683800 - but we should probably shore up the plans again. Is it Vue to Curry Garden or vice versa?
Vue to Curry. Thank you.
I apologize for the confusion. Currently, the taxi is set to depart Vue Cinema at 14:45 to go to Curry Garden. Does this need to be changed?
No. That is what I need. Thank you!
Great! Thank you for confirming that. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
This looks complete, thank you for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.


Please help me find a four star hotel.
There are many 4 star hotels. What area and price would you like to be in?
Somewhere South, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.
I've found the [aylesbray lodge guest house]. It has a moderate price and 4 stars. It offers free internet and parking. Shall I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that.
Ok I will book it for you
I need it for 3 nights starting Thursday. There will be 5 of us.
You're all set I've booked the Aylesbray lodge guesthouse for 3 nights 5 people starting Thursday. Your reference # is DTX3QITL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there any expensive [Irish] restaurants?
Sorry, no venues found. Want to change the food type or price range?
Okay, let's adjust the food type to [african] please
The [Bedouin] serves African food, would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address and phone number.
They are at 100 Mill Road City Centre and can be reached at 01223367660. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I would like a cab leaving the hotel by [8:00] going to the restaurant, I need contact number and car type please.
Your red bmw was successful. Your contact number is 07998933072.
Thank you. I do not need any further help right now.
Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you. goodbye


I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to bishops stortford.
There are 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. Do you have a specific day you wish to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, please.
TR4404 leaves at 05:29
That will do. Can you book it for me?
But of course, how many tickets?
Before I book, I'd also like to know about boat attractions in the centre area.
There are two options. Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information on either attraction?
Can I get the phone number and address for [Cambridge Punter]?
Yes. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road, and their phone number is 07807718591. Is there anything else you'd like to know? Or anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks for your help. Good bye.
You're welcome. When you decide you are ready to book that train, do give us a call back with the number of tickets needed. Bye for now.


I'm looking for colleges in the centre of town.
I have 13 colleges in the Centre of town. Is there a particular one you're looking for?
that's great. Are there any close to some museums and restaurants?
I'm sure there are. What area are you looking for?
I'm looking for the college to be in the centre area of town, if possible.
I would recommend [pembroke college], which is located at trumpington street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cheap 4 star guest house. Any area will do.
The [Leverton House] guesthouse is located in the east area. It's cheap with four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No, but could you give me the address and postcode?
Yes. The address is 732-734 newmarket road, and the postcode is cb58rs. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No thank you, I am all set. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Thank you. You as well!


I am flying into the area and would love to find a nice guesthouse to accommodate me while I'm there.
We have 24 guest houses available in Cambridge, do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about price but would like one in the north that has free parking.
The [acorn guest house] is moderately priced with a star rating of 4. How does that sound to you?
Does this hotel has internet? If yes, please give the address.
Yes, the acorn guest house has internet. Their address is 154 chesterton road. Is there anything else you needed help with?
Yeah, is the [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool] still open?
Yes, it appears it is still open. Would you like more information on this pool?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address, and the area?
The phone number is 01223302579, and they are in the north part of town, they are located at between victoria road and the river.
Okay, that's all the information I need for now. Thank you for your help.
you're welcome. anything else i can help you with?


I'd like to find a train that leaves Monday and arrives by [19:00].
Very well. Where are you traveling from, and to where?
I am departing from birmingham new street, going to cambridge.
I have a train that departs at 15:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:23. Will that do?
That would work just fine. Could you tell me the price and travel time for that train?
The TR5385 has a travel time of 163 minutes. Would you like me to book you some tickets?
No, I don't want to book today. Could you just give me the price for that train? I think that is all I need today.
Sure. The price of those tickets are 75.10 pounds each.
Great! That's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!


I would like to find a place to stay next weekend
Sure, what day would you like to begin your stay and how long will you be staying?
I just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a guesthouse.
I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the centre. What would you like, cheap or moderate?
Price doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting thursday. Can I get the reference number?
Alright, I have booked you at [Home from Home] for two nights, reference number OASAAHHB .
Thank you so much. I'm also looking for a good museum in town.
Sure, how about the [broughton house gallery]?
Is that in the centre area and a museum? If it is please let me know the address, phone and entrance fee.
Yes, it is. The address is 98 king street, the entrance fee is free, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you so much for all your help!
We are happy to help. Do you have anything else you'd like assistance with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!


