I am looking for something fun to do in the south part of town. Do you have any suggestions on a great attraction?
You could check out the [byard art] museum.
Sure, can I learn more about it?
It's a museum on King's Parade. There's no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223464646 to check their current attractions.
Thank you, are there any expensive restaurants in that same area?
Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve [turkish] food.
there is none that serves Turkish food, can we look elsewhere?
How about [Chinese] food? Are there any available for that?
Yes, there are two restaurants available. The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Are these suitable?
Let's go with [Peking Restaurant]. Can you book a table for 6 at [18:30] on Monday, please?
I am sorry, I am unable to make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you try for Satrday then?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : M4CO18OY . Can I help you further?
I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by [18:30]
Alright I successfully booked a taxi for you. It will be a yellow toyota and the contact number is 07183586929. Is there anything else you need?
thanks so much for all of your help!
Please contact us anytime. Good bye.


I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge. I want to go somewhere in the south, and I want it to be a museum.
Would you be interested in [Byard Art]? It is located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and you can contact them at 01223464646. Do you need anything else?
What is the entrance fee for that?
It's free! Anything else I could help you with?
Oh cool! What is the postcode for that please?
The post code for the byard art museum is cb21sj. Have fun!


Greetings, I need a train leaving on Saturday after [19:45].
There is a train leaving out of cambridge on saturday at 21:00 for 18.88 punds.
Is it going to broxbourne? That is where I am heading.
Actually yes! TR5975 leaves from broxbourne at 21:01. It's 14.32 pounds. Does that work?
Yes, that works just fine, can you please book me a reservation?
Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one, please. I'm also looking for colleges in the centre of town.
Your train has been booked with ref. num. WIDHBP94 . Sure, information on colleges: There are 13 in the central district; do you want one with free entry? Religious or secular?
I just am looking for one in the centre, can I get the phone number of one?
Yes. Downing college is free and the phone number is 01223334860.
Ok, thank you, that will be all I need for now.
You are very welcome. Have a safe trip!


Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in Cambridge. I'll need free parking.
I have 14 results for moderately priced places to stay, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
yes I would like to stay in Cambridge
I'm not showing any places to stay with your requirements. Is there another area I can lookup for you?
I would like something in the north.
Great. There are 9 places to stay in the north. Are there any other requirements you want me to look for?
You pick. Give me the postcode, internet availability, and address to the one that stands out to you.
Then how about acorn guest house. Their address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. They also have internet.
Thanks. My friends told me about a restaurant called [Golden House]. Do you know what area its in and food type?
The golden house serves chinese food and is in the centre of town. The price range is cheap. May I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thank you.
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day!


Can you tell me where the Parkside Police Station is located?
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
Can I get the postcode and phone number, please?
The telephone number is :01223358966 and the Postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you for your assistance!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


Are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that I can go to? Thanks for any suggestions.
There are 5 restaurants in the north end, do you prefer asian food or european food?
I would prefer [Asian] food.
I would recommend the [Saigon City] for you. Should I make a booking for you and your party?
No, I'm not sure when I'm going yet. Can I just get the phone number?
Sure thing 01223356555
I also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
i have four, do you have any specific attraction in mind?
I would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.
There are no museums or nightclubs in the north. Do you want to search elsewhere?
No, what attractions are available?
I have a boat, a park and 2 swimming pools available in the area you are looking for.
The park sounds good. Can you give me the postcode? And is there an entrance fee?
Admission is free! The postcode is cb43px.
Lastly, I need a taxi from the [park] to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at [10:30].
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Honda and their number is 07705876562.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


Hi, I need help finding out about places to go in East Cambridge.
I'd be happy to help you with that. We have 10 attractions in that area. Is there a specific type of attraction you would like to visit?
I don't have a specific attraction, can you suggest one?
You should definitely check out Cambridge Artworks. It's a museum with free entrance at 5 greens road. Would that work for you?
Yes, I need a train to kings lynn and it should arrive by [14:45]
I'd be happy to help you find a train. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I will be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.
How about the TR8241 train. It would leave Cambridge at [13:11] and get you to Kings Lynn at 13:58.
Thats perfect information,thank ytoiuy
Would you like me to book it?
Before you do, can you tell me how much it will cost?
A ticket costs 7.84 pounds.
Do you know how long the train ride will take?
The train ride should last about 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it, thanks!
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day!


Can you find specific attractions for people?
I can try. What are you trying to find?
I am looking for people's portraits exhibition.
Yes, it's a lovely museum in the west at girton college, huntingdon road. Their phone number is 01223338901 and they offer free entrance. May I help with anything else?
can you give me the post code for it?
The post code is cb3ojg. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also like to find a restaurant called [Golden House] please.
They're located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, how about a table for 8 on saturday. Try 19:30, if that doesn't work then try [18:30].
I was able to book you at 18:30 on Saturday. Reference number 3C5H16N9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Thank you very much! Have a great day


I was robbed and I need to know what to do next
I'm sorry to hear this I would suggest you call the police department. Here is their information. Telephone : 01223358966 Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG
Thank you, that is all I need. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


I'm looking for parks to visit in the south of Cambridge.
[Wandlebury country park] is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
I just need the postcode, thanks.
The postcode is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there trains that run from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge?
Yes, there are! Would you like info on a particular day and time frame?
I would like to arrive by [09:15] on friday
I have a train that will arrive in cambridge at 9:07. Will that work for you?
That would be great, could you tell me the trainID?
The trainID is TR5936.
That's all I need.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of all the info I needed
Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves [basque] food, please.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. In fact, there are no basque restaurants in all of cambridge. Would you like to broaden your search?
No, that's okay. Thanks for looking!
Thank you for contacting us. Please ask again if you need more information. Goodbye!
Now hold on just a minute. I'm still hungry. How about a [Chinese] restaurant instead?
Yes, there are 17 Chinese restaurants. Do you have a desired price range?
Moderate price range please.
Golden Wok is moderately priced in the north area. Would you like to book a table here?
No but I am looking for a train fro Friday, leaving after [20:15].
OK, There are several trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to depart from and where is your destination?
The departure is from Cambridge and the destination is London Kings Cross, what was the postcode, phone number and address of the Golden Wok?
TR9876 leaves at 23:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, there will need to be a booking for 7 people for this train and I will need the reference number. Also, I need info on that restaurant.
Your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is 5SZK6BNU . The Golden Wok phone number is 01223350688 and is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, CB23PP
Actually, I think I also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the [Golden Wok] please.
Postcode: cb43nl, Address: 191 Histon Road Chesterton, Phone: 01223350688. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. for your time.
You're welcome. Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
No thank you, that is everything I need. I appreciate it very much.
Thank you for letting me help you. Enjoy your dinner. Next time you need reservations we'll be here to help you.


I am looking for nightclub options in cambridge.
Sure, we have 6 ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
What is the area and how much is the entrance fee? I will need the address and the phone number.
The ballare is located in the centre and costs 5 pounds. They are located at heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Great! I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range. Any suggestions?
the a and b guest house is a guesthouse located in the east. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.
I was really hoping to find a hotel if you could?
No problem. I have three hotels, however, they are not 4 star. How about a 2 star rated hotel?
A 2 star hotel is fine does it have free wifi?
[Lovell Lodge] is a hotel in the north that has free internet. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting Thursday.
Okay, we have booked you two for 4 nights, and your reference number is ZUA8CK80 . Anything else I can help with today?
Yes, please! I need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Okay, not a problem. Which place will you like to be picked up from, and at what time?
I want to leave the [Ballare] by [22:45]. Can you get me the contact number and car type?
A yellow Toyota will pick you up. There number is 07113435261, just in case you need it.
Thank you very much for helping me! Have a great day.
You're welcome. If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.


Do you have information about nightclubs?
I have details for several nightclubs, which area were you looking at?
I am looking for any one you'd recommend, I just need the address, entrance fee, and postcode.
Alright. How about Kambar. It is located at 1 Wheeler Street and the postcode is cb23qb. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is that all you need help with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
No problem. Happy to help!


Could you assist me in finding a train to stevenage please?
There are 70 results for trains going to Stevenage. To narrow the results, what day are you travelling on and what time would you like to arrive?
Thursday, leave after [10:30].
There is a train that leaves at 11:21.
ok, is there anything that leaves earlier than that?
No, there isn't. Would you like me to book you on the earliest departing train?
Book the 11:21 train for 7 people please.
The booking was successful. The total fee of 89.6 GBP can be paid at the station. The reference number is YTB38FE3 .
Okay now can you help me find the [Avalon] Hotel and tell me whether they have free internet, and where they are located as well as their address?
avalon is located at 62 gilbert road in the north. They do have free internet
Thank you for that info on Avalon. I would like to make a reservation.
Okay! For when, how long, and how many people?
I want to reserve for seven people for three nights, please.
The reservation was successful. Thursday 7 people for 3 nights. The reference number is JBNCTENS . Can I help you with anything else?
No that'll it for the day. Thank you
You are welcome, have a great day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
I can help you with travel, restaurants, attractions and places to stay.
I'm looking for a train on Thursday that need to arrive by [19:15]. I'll be leaving Cambridge and heading to Kings Lynn. Can you help?
the latest a train reaches your station is 05:58. can i book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 7E54PFPZ .
I'm also looking for a recommended attraction in the centre. I don't care what type it is.
There's Holy Trinity Church on market street in the centre, the architecture is amazing and entrance is free. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I only needed the train.
All right then. Thanks so much for calling. If you think of anything else, please don't hesitate to call us back.
Thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your stay in cambridge


i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. I hate internet.
Alpha milton guesthouse is a nice laid back place and does not include internet, does that sound like a good fit for you?
Is that a 4-star place?
No, it's a 3 star guesthouse. Do you want to look for something different?
Sorry, I was just kidding about the hating internet part. I do need a place that has free wifi.
I have 8 guesthouses in the north with free wifi, one is cheap the others are in the moderate price range.
Any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on monday?
I've booked your group of 6 a room at [Acorn Guest House]. You'll be staying for 2 night beginning on Monday. Your reference number is 76ODNSBF .
Thank you so much for all your help.
welcome anytime you ant our help
I am looking for a particular attraction.
Do you have the name of the particular attraction you are looking for or the type of attraction you need?
[regency gallery], do you have their phone number?
yes, it is 01223365454
OK, thank you so much, that is all that I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a place to go in the Centre.
Do you like boats? There is the cambridge punter on 251a chesterton road.
I want to go to a mutliple sports attraction.
Unfortunately, I don't have a multiple sport attraction in the centre. Can I try a different area or type of attraction for you?
How about a museum instead?
[byard art] would be nice
Sounds good to me! Can you give me their phone and address? Oh, and how much does it cost to get in?
Sure, the address is 14 King's Parade and their phone is 01223464646. Admittance is free.
I am also looking for a train that arrives by [11:45] on Thursday from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.
The TR0798 leaves at 9:29 and gets you to Cambridge by 10:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket on it?
That would work. I need 8 tickets for that train please.
You are booked on Thursday on TR0798, reference number is 06UZDAZR and the total cost is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I will need today!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town.
I have 2 available. They are both guest house and one is 4 stars and the other is 3. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the 3 star one,please.
bridge guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?


I am looking for a swimming pool in the area.
There are 4 swimming pools available. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
I'm looking for one on the east end.
Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is in the east part of town. Would you like their phone number?
What is the entrance fee, address and postcode for the [Abbey Pool]?
I do not have an entrance fee listed but the address for the pool is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and their telephone number is 01223902088.
Thanks. I need a place to eat too. Any expensive [indian] places near the pool?
There are two, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori would you like one of those?
Yes please try [Sitar Tandoori]
the Sitar Tandoori is located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton, postcode cb19hx. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, for 1 person at [17:30] on thursday.
I'm so sorry, but they don't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
Yes, let's try [16:30] please.
I have successfully booked your restaurant reservation for 1 and your reference number is NKSZHAGP .
Thank you that is all I will need.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a place to stay in the north.
Yes I have many options in the moderate price range. Do you need wifi or free parking?
Yes, I need both wifi and free parking.
How does the acorn guest house sound? It is in the north part of town, in the moderate price range, and has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you book it for 6 people starting Tuesday for a total of 2 nights?
The Acorn Guest House is unavailable at that time, but I booked you for the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] instead. It has all of the same features.
Okay. May I have the reference number?
Reference number is : 3Y3AE0U7 .
Thank you for booking it.Goodbye.
Is there anything else you need?


I am looking for a place to stay in the centre in Cambridge.
I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouses in town centre. Would you like a cheap price range or expensive? Will you also need parking?
I would prefer a guesthouse, and it does not need to include internet.
The alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range with a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you, that's all I needed.
If you change your mind and need a booking, we'll be here. Thanks for using our service!
Okay! Goodbye!
Goodbye. And feel free to contact us if there's any other information you need, as well.
I am also looking for an attraction, a swimming pool
We currently do not have any shown attraction in that area you are looking for. Are there any other further things I could assist with?
Can you check a swimming pool in the west of the city?
I'm not showing a swimming pool in the East, but there are 2 in the North, will that work?
I'd prefer one in the same part of town as my hotel, are you sure there isn't one?
Yes, there are no swimming pools located to the west of your city. Thank you, if you need help with anything else, contact us again.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers moderate pricing.
What type of food do you prefer?
I have a taste for [British].
I have four options would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at [14:15] on Sunday.
I booked you guys for [Cotto] at 183 East Road City Centre. Your reference number is 7U05R8OZ . Need anything else?
thanks i'm also looking for a train
Where are you traveling from and to on that day?
i am going to cambridge from norwich
TR9900 arrives in cambridge on Friday at 06:35. Would you like me to book seats for you?
I want to get to Cambridge at least by [11:30], no sooner and I just need the train id please
TR2365 gets to Cambridge at 10:35
Great! Let's go ahead and book for three people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : PGURWWJB .
Thank you, that's all I need.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Can you help me find a [Turkish] restaurant in the expensive price range please?
I have [meze bar restaurant] at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
That sounds perfect!
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at [13:15] on monday.
Reference number is : TXBU904T .
Thank you for your help
Thank you for allowing me to help you today. Have a great day.


I need a place to eat in the south that serves [italian] food.
Pizza hut cherry hinton, and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food.
I would like Pizza hut cherry hinton. What is the postcode?
The postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else at this time. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting me help you. Have a nice day. Good bye.


Hi, I am looking to visit the colleges in town, and need to know the names of some of them.
There are 18 matches. Do you have an area in mind?
Are there any in the centre?
There are 13 in the centre, including Christ's College and Emmanuel College.
The area actually doesn't really matter, I just need the address of one of your recommendations, please?
Sure! The address for [Christ's College] is saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu.
Thank you! I am also looking for a hotel with 4 stars.
The [university arms hotel] is 4 starts and in the centre where the college is, would you like me to book you or provide more information?
Do they have internet and could I have the phone number please?
Yes they have internet and phone 01223351241
I need to book a taxi also. It should leave the hotel by [11:30]
Sure! A white honda should pick you up at that time. The contact number is 07825681790. Do you need anything else?
That's all I need right now. Thanks for the help!
It's been my pleasure. Goodbye.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving [japanese] food.
There's a very nice Japanese restaurant in the center of town, it's pretty expensive.
That's OK because it's for a special occasion. Can you give me the phone number?
Yes, It's 01223462354. What else can I help you with?
No thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.


I need a train after [20:00] on Tuesday, please.
There are more than 2800 trains that leave on Tuesday and arrive before 20:00. What are your departure and destination points?
Of course. I'd like to leave from Cambridge and head to London King's Cross.
TR5941 leaves at 21:00 and arrives at 21:51. TR6595 leaves at 23:00 and arrives by 23:51. Which do you prefer?
TR5941 is good. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Wait. I also need a place to stay.
Certainly! We have numbers of hotels. Any particular area or price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the east. And I only like to stay at 4-star rated places.
There are 6 four-star guesthouses in the east. Do you need free parking or Internet?
I would like free parking.
There are 5 options available to you meeting that critera. Are you looking for a specific price range?
Something moderately priced would be best.
I have 2 that I can try booking for you. How many in your party and how long is your stay going to be?
I do not have that information at the moment.
Unfortunately I will need this information in order to book the room. Would like to call back at another time when you have that information?
Ok sorry I will call back when I have that information.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can I have the address and hotel type for one of hotels? I'd take whichever one that you recommend.
I have chosen the Warkworth House for you! It has parking along with internet capabilities. The address is 138 Perne Road.
Excellent. That's all I will need.
Great. Glad to help. Have a wonderful day!


I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
[Royal Standard] is a gastropub located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the address?
The Royal Standard is locdated at 290 Mill Road City Centre. How else may I assist you?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!


Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.
What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.
What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.
There are several. Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by [10:00] if at all possible.
There are trains departing every hour. TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO . Is there anything else you need?
I also need you to book [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on Tuesday.
Ok done. Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 470BKSJV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks a lot
I am glad to help enjoy your time !


I need to book a room at [alexander bed and breakfast] and also what restaurants are near there ?
Let first take care of your room reservation. What days would you like to book your room? I will check for availability.
Could I please get the address, hotel type, and phone number first?
It is located at 56 saint barnabas road, it is a guesthouse, and the phone number is 01223525725.
Great ty so much. I was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves [Italian] in the north?
There is one place, shall I book it for you?
Is that restaurant in the cheap price range?
Yes, it is [Da Vinci Pizzeria] and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else you need?
i need to book for 1 people at [13:45] on sunday. remember the reference number please
I have your table reserved. Your reservation number is QYB6YHUQ .
Thank you, goodbye.
Was there anything else you needed today?


Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.
I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?
There is [rosa's] bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.
I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.
Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


i am looking for information about [cineworld cinema].
Cineworld is on the south side of town. Would you like the address?
Could i get the phone number please?
their phone number is 00872208000. what else can i do for you?
Yes I need to find a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and I don't need any parking.
I have listings available for you on the south side of town. the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house and the Bridge Guest House. Which would you prefer?
I need a hotel located in the town centre.
[Cityroomz] meets the criteria you have provided. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Book it for Monday. 5 nights and 6 people.
It has been booked. Your reference number is KJWXHZQV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks that is all
No thank you that will be all


Hello I would like some sort of entertainment in town.
There are 5 entertainment attractions in town. Do you need to travel to a specific area of Cambridge?
Any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?
I recommend the funky fun house it's located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. The entrance fee is not in my database.
Thank you for that information. I'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves [Lebanese] food please.
I have one listing for [ali baba]. Would you like to make a booking?
not now. is it in the centre?
yes, it is in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and address please?
The postcode is cb21nt and the address is 59 Hills Road City Centre.
Thank you for the info that was all I needed.
Thank you for using our system today!


Can you help me find a train arriving at [18:15] going to cambridge?
Sure! Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I am leaving Peterborough going to Cambridge on Monday and I need to get there by 18:15, can you help me with that?
Sure thing, would you like me to book this for you?
I'll need passage for five, but I also need to know what time the last train gets there before 18:15.
which day do you want to travel to narrow down my options
Monday would be best please.
how about TR3021? it leaves at 05:19
That'll do. I'll need 5 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CWLKMZER . What else can I do for you today?
I need to find some place in the east for multiple sports. I'd like to get the address, phone number, and postcode please.
It is at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej, phone 01223576412.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
no thats all for today
im glad i was of some help
Thanks again, thats all for now.
Okay. Enjoy your visit to cambridge! It's a wonderful place.


What is the phone number for [scudamores punting co]?
The phone number for Scudamores Punting Co is 01223359750. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me their address as well please?
Sure, it's at granta place, Mill lane.
Thanks! I'm also looking for information on the A & [B Guesthouse]. What can you tell me about that place?
Sure it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to book it?
May I have the postcode?
Yes, the post code for the A and B Guest House is cb12dp. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.
Okay, which would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave the hotel by [7:00]. Also, can you give me the contact number and car type once you have booked it?
Your taxi is booked. The car is a yellow honda and the contact number is 07826111038
Thank you so much for all of your help today. I am all set. Bye.
From all of us at Cambridge, we hope you enjoy your stay! Farewell!


I am looking for a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is close by.
Sounds good. What's the phone number, address, and postcode for the hospital?
The main phone number for the hospital is 01223245151. The address and postcode is Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ.
Excellent. That's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [Chinese] food and should be in the center.
How does the Rice House sound? It is a personal favorite.
Is it expensive? I would like an expensive restaurant.
No, the Rice House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to try the [Ugly Duckling] instead?
Sure. Can you make a reservation for me? There will be 8 of us, at [12:30] on Saturday.
Your table is booked, the reference number is NEFPTQ46 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it for today, thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
the [pizza hut cherry] hinton is moderately priced and in the south part of town. Would you like their location?
Yes. I would like the location and the phone number, please.
The address of Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and good bye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
That sounds great. Did you need a hotel, train or restaurant while in the area?
No, I'm looking info on [saint barnabas press gallery].
Saint barnabas press gallery is a very nice museum in the east. What information can I provide?
May I have their phone number?
Of course! Their phone number is 01223902116. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need information on a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Thursday.
Ok, I am getting the information up now, do you have a time in mind?
I'd like to get there by [14:30].
You have five options for a train that will get you to Cambridge by 14:30. Do you have a preference on what time to leave?
No, any available train would be fine. I will need four tickets, please.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Yes, I'm searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town. It does not need to have any internet connection.
There are no 4 star hotels without internet. There are 21 four star hotels with internet. What area or price range are you looking for?
Do any of them include free parking?
Yes,a lot of them have free parking. What price range are you looking for?
Price range does not matter.
In what area would you prefer?
North part of town.Cheap would be better.
I only am coming up with [worth house]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on Thursday?
I'm sorry, I was unable to book that one. I have several guesthouses in the moderate price range, would you like me to try one of those?
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
I booked you at [Acorn Guest House]. Your reference number is VMYBAGS7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.
Great, enjoy your stay! Please contact me again if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?
Do you have a preference on a hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.
Do you have a preference for location or price range?
No, I'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include Internet.
How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It meets your criteria and is on the North side of town.
That sounds great. Could I get the postal code, please?
Sure! The postal code is cd41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
I also need a train from Cambridge.
And when are you wanting to depart from Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I mispoke, I need a train to cambridge. I need to leave ely after [08:30] on thursday.
I have train TR2029 that will depart Ely at 09:35 and arrive in Cambridge by 09:52. Would this schedule interest you?
Perfect. I'll need a booking for 4 people.
Your tickets are reserved. The reference number is 7DX9JIIE . The cost is 17.60 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be it, thanks!
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!


Hi I am looking for some information on the [good luck] [chinese] food takeaway.
Yes, we can help you with that. It is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you make a reservation for 3 people at [20:00] on Tuesday?
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find a place in the same area and type of food?
No thank you I will think of something else once I call a friend.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually. I'd like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
Great! You're booked at [Peking Restaurant] with reference number V6TEUN6T . May I help with anything else?
Great! Thank you for your time. Nothing else for now, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system.


Hi, I'm looking for information about places to go in the centre of town.
Okay! There are 44 attractions in the Centre part of town. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
What do you recommend? I will need the address and attraction type of what you recommend.
[cambridge university botanic gardens] is a park in the centre of town. Their address is bateman street
What type of attraction is that?
It is a park, with emphasis on plants. There are many other types of attractions as well, such as museums.
Okay, great. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like for it to have free parking and be expensive.
we have a variety, in what area do u prefer?
I'm not familiar with the areas of town, but I'd really like a 3 star guesthouse.
We have three 3-star guesthouses with free parking, but they're moderately priced and you wanted something a bit pricier. Do you think one of these would work?
Are there any hotels with 3 stars, free wifi, free parking, and expensive?
You might be interested in the [Gonville Hotel] in the centre of town. It's address is Gonville Place. Would you like me to reserve you a room?
Yes, that will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. We will be staying 3 nights. It will be 7 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FF7ZD6BZ . May I assist you with anything else ?
That is all. Thanks so much!
No thank you that will be all


Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre?
Yes there are many in my search for you,can I get what type of food you are looking to eat at the restaurant?
[Italian] Food , Cheap and in the East part of town
There are several cheap Italian restaurants in the centre but none in the east.
Actually a [chinese] restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs, what is available at a cheap price?
In the centre we have Charlie Chan, [Rice House], and Golden House that are all quite inexpensive. Would you like me to book a table at one of them?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 people at [18:00] on Thursday.
You have a table at the Rice House. It will be held for 15 minutes and the reference number is CBKXEVPZ . Can I help you further?
No, that will be all thanks. Have a great day.
Thank you. I hope you have a good day as well.


I need to book a taxi to arrive by [18:15] to take me to [India House].
No problem, but first can you tell me where you need to leave from?
[Autumn house]. I also need car type and contact number
Booking completed! Booked car type : red ford Contact number : 07514562305


I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.
There are plenty of restaurants in Cambridge, are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.
Did you have a certain food type you wanted? I have chinese, asian, oriental, italian, spanish and several other types.
I don't have a type preference.
would you be interested in [dojo noodle bar]?
Yes, that sounds interesting. Can you also please find the hotel [avalon]. Please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.
The [Avalon] address is 62 Gilbert Road and they do not have free parking. Would you like me to book you a reservation at the restaurant?
I also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by [08:30].
What is your destination?
My destination is the [dojo noodle bar].
look out for a yellow honda and the contact will be 07009665644
Great! That is all I needed. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day.


I need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves [modern european] food.
I recommend the restaurant alimentum at 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I want to book a table for 2 people at [19:00] on sunday.
Have you made the reservation?
No I would like you to make the reservation for me please.
I couldn't find an available table for you. Would you like to find another restaurant?
I guess that would be fine, I really want modern european food. Could you make sure it is in the same area and price range.
Unfortunatly, I can not find anything available given your parameters.
I need a place to dine, does not matter what type, in the moderate price range.
I was able to book [yippee noodle bar], reference number is UCWKFIS4 .
Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.


Please have a taxi come pick me up at [whale of a time] after [16:00] today
I can help book that, what is your destination?
[soul tree nightclub] is my destination
Okay I have a white toyota and the contact number is 07007464352. Anything else I can do for today?
No that's it. Thank you!
It's been my pleasure. Have a great night!


I an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.
city centre north b and b and el shaddai are 0 star guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 0 star rating in the area of north that has free wifi, thank you.
The [city centre north b and b] meets those criteria. Do you want to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people and five nights on Monday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 5Z9LQBDL . Did you need anything else today?
I'm looking for a restaurant called [saffron brasserie].
There is a Saffron Brasserie in the centre. It is an expensive Indian place. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. I'd also like to know what area of town it's in and what type of food it serves.
[Saffron Brasserie] is in the center of town, and it's an expensive Indian restaurant. Their phone number is 01223354679. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but I do need some information about a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel by [16:30].
OK, I have booked you a taxi per your requested, the contact number is 07831714545, it will be a white tesla picking you up.
Ok, great. Thanks for your help, you have covered everything I needed!
Fantastic. Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after [16:15]. Any suggestions?
Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and headed to Ely.
There is a train to Ely that leaves at 17:50 on Monday. Would you like me to book it?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time.
Sure the train id is TR4294 and the arrival time is 18:07.
I am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 4 stars.
I have several guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Is there a particular area you'd like to be in?
It does not matter but I would like free parking.
What price range would you like?
Price range is not important, just the four stars.
What area of town would you like?
As long as it has free parking, that's all I really need. Can you recommend one and tell me a little about it?
I have 5 guesthouses with free parking. I recommend the [Acorn Guest House] in 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da.
Does it have free internet?
Yes, it has free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just the area and postcode please.
it is in the north area and the post code is cb41da. would you like to make a booking?
No, thanks. I'm not ready to book at this time.
Can i help you with anything else today?
Nope. That's all. Goodbye.
Thank for calling today. Goodbye!


Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and in moderate price range please.
What part of town would you like to stay in?
I do not really care but would like it to have a 3 star rating.
hamilton lodge is located in the north at 156 chesterton road. Want me to book it?
No thanks. I will need the phone number please. Also, do they have internet?
Hamilton lodge does have free wifi and their phone number is 01223365664.
Great. I also need a restaurant in the same price range. I'd like it to be a [british] place.
May I suggest the [Oak Bistro] located at 6 Lensfield Road.
could I have the area and phone number
It is 01223323361.
Great. Thanks. Last thing, can you tell me what area of town that's in?
sure it's in the centre part of town, anything else?
That's all. Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks so much. Goodbye
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Please give me some information on [byard art]
It is a museum in south with free admission. What else can I help you with?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number?
Sure thing 01223464646 and cb21sj.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.
Could you please tell me where you will be leaving from and day of travel
I will be leaving from stansed airport on tuesday.
I have a lot of options for you, was there a specific time you wanted to leave the Stansted Airport?
Yes, it should leave on Tuesday and arrive by [14:00].
I have a train that arrives at 13:53. Would you like a booking?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets.
your all set, confirmation #4WAQDQ0Y . Anything else?
I don't need anything else.
Have a great time and enjoy your visit to Cambridge!


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
I don't want Golden Wok, is there anything else?
Yes, your other option is The [Nirala]. It serves Indian food and is also located in the north part of town.
Okay. What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, enjoy your meal.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.
I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
I have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.
That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the [Hamilton Lodge].
Excellent. Can I book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 152UJWIK . anything else today?
Yes, I need to find a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
Thanks i will find you one.Thanks a lot


Hi, I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions. Can you help me with some places to go?
Do you have any preferences in the attraction types?
No, but I want it to be located in the south.
Might I suggest [The Place] nightclub?
That sounds good. Give me the phone and postcode please. I'm also looking for expensive [european] food. Can you make some suggestions?
The Place is at 22 Sidney Street cb23hg. 01223324600 is their phone number. That place is poppin'. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book a reservation for me?
I'm sorry they don't take reservations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alright how about a place to dine. I'd like an expensive European restaurant.
There are 5 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at [13:00] at thursday?
Booking for Eraina European restaurant has been completed. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 50SV3WDZ . Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from [The Place] to the [Eraina] restaurant by [13:00]?
i got you a grey audi that will pick you up.
May I please get the drivers contact number?
Contact number is 07648143241.
All set. Thanks.
You're welcome, and have a great day!


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [restaurant one seven]
It is a moderately-priced British restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, please give me the complete address.
It is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for your help!
You are welcome.


I need a place to eat in the north area of the city.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
What price range are you looking for?
In the moderate price range.
[Golden wok] serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of the city and in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number and address?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
Could I get the phone and postal for the [emergency department]?
The phone number for the emergency department is 01223217118. The postal code for the entire hospital is CB20QQ.
May I also have the general hospital number, too, just in case I need it?
The phone numbe to the hospital is 01223245151.
enjoyed your services. keep that up
Well thank you. I will, and I enjoyed talking to you as well. Have a great day!
I will, good bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good-bye.


I'm interested in 4 star hotels in the centre of town.
I've located one 4 star hotel, University Arms Hotel located on Regent Street. It is an expensive hotel, but has internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel in the moderate price range.
There are no four star hotels in a moderate price range in that area. Would you like me to search for a different area of town?
How about the cheap price range?
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap price range in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.
When will you begin your stay and how long will you stay?
Beginning on Wednesday for three nights. I also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves [Chinese] food.
how about [charlie chan]? i have heard great things
What's the price range of that one?
This one is cheap, will that work?
That would work yes, can I have their phone number and postcode?
Of course, the phone number is 01223361763 and the postcode is cb21db. Would you like me to book you a table?
No but I still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by [24:00]. Need contact number and car type for that as well.
I can't book a reservation for your hotel until you tell me how many people will be staying.
just find me the phone number and postcode i'll book it myself
The postcode for the hotel is cb12de. The phone number is 01223525725. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need to book a taxi to travel between the two places.
I have a white Lexus picking you up from the hotel and will arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. The contact number is 07675725181. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


I want a train that leaves after [10:30] and it needs to leave on Thursday.
There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.
The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.
I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R4CR5ASG .
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.
There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?


Can you find the A & [B Guesthouse]?
The A and B Guest House is located in the east part of the city. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Monday.
Ok, I have made a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting Monday at A and B guest house.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced restaurant that's in the south part of town.
I dont want it. Show me another one .
The restaurant [alimentum] is a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address please?
152 - 154 Hills Road
Thanks. Could I get the phone number, too?
restaurant alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000
thank you, goodbye
you are welcome goodbye


I am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the west area of cambridge.
The best place on the west side is [Graffiti]. It's expensive, but they serve excellent British cuisine in a lovely atmosphere.
Sounds fantastic! Could you book me a table for 7 for Monday at [16:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XN0GPDOY . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. Perhaps some boating?
There are four. Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to any area. Can you suggest a good place?
how about [scudamores punting co]?
Sure, could you send me their address and postcode?
Their address is granta place, mill lane and postcode cb21rs
Great thanks. That is all.
Okay. Great glad I could help.


Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town, Golden Wok, a Chinese restaurant, and The Nirala, an Indian restaurant. Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes I would like the phone number of the [Nirala].
The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like the address of the Nirala please?
The address you want is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. How else may I help you?
What is the postcode?
The postcode of the nirala is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
I think that's all I need, thank you for your help.
Thank you. Goodbye.


My son is a junior in high school, we are looking at college. Can you tell me about what colleges are in cambridge?
Sure! What specific part of Cambridge are you interested in? There are colleges in both the west and the centre areas.
What is located in the centre?
I recommend downing college. It's free admission.
Can you provide me with their address and phone number please?
Their address is agent street. their phone number is 01223334860
I also need a train to Cambridge.
okay any particular time you would like to leave? Also where are you coming from?
I will be coming from Ely and would like to arrive in Cambridge by [11:00].
Do you know which day you'd like to travel?
Yes, on Sunday.
Okay the TR4212 arrives by 09:52.
Thanks very much! What time does it depart, and how long is the ride?
The train TR4212 departs at 09:35 and the ride is 17 minutes long. Would you like to book it?
No thank you! That's all I need. Thanks for all of your help!
you are welcome all the time
Thanks again, thats all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Hello, are there any centrally located hotels in Cambridge with free parking?
There are a few hotels that meet your criteria. Would you be interested in the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It has four stars with cheap prices.
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.
There are 2 hotels in the expensive price range. One has 3 stars and one has 4 stars.
Let's go with the 4 star option. I'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from thursday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter day?
Please try to book a 1 night stay.
The booking was successful at the [University Arms Hotel]. Your reference number is: E7AK16IK . Would you like the phone number?
I also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve [north american] food.
The only result in your area meeting that criteria is Gourmet Burger Kitchen in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please book the restaurant for me.
Not a problem. For what time and day will that be for?
I changed my mind. I will go ahead and book it myself. But, can you please provide me the address and postcode. Thanks.
[Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
Could you book me a taxi please? I would like to leave the restuarant at [20:15] and go back to the hotel.
I have successfully booked you a taxi! You will be driven in a Black Toyota and the contact number is 07914565807. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
No problem. You have a good day now!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to [little saint mary's church] and should leave after [05:45].
What is your departure site?
I am departing from [el shaddai]. Can you provide me with what car will be picking me up and contact number?
Yes, it's booked for you! Booked car type : black lexus Contact number : 07566754071
Thank you. I think that is all I need today.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train departing london kings cross going to cambridge.
Okay! When would you like the train to depart?
I want the train to leave after [11:00] on Thursday.
TR4216 leaves at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge by 12:08, would you like me to book you tickets for that one?
What is the travel time for that ride?
It is a 51 minute ride. Is that all the information you need?
I also need a place to stay. I would like to find a 3 star holel that has free parking.
Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to different areas. I would like something expensive though. Oh, and make that with free parking and wifi.
I have two to choose from. One in the center and one in the south. Which would you prefer?
The center one is good. Could you provide me with the room type hotel or guesthouse) and the address, postcode as well.
The gonville hotel is a hotel located on gonville place, cb11ly. Phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye
You too. Thank you. Goodbye


Please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 4 star rating. Thanks!
I have 2 matches. Do you have a type preference?
I want an expensive place with free wifi.
That narrows it down to one choice, the University Arms Hotel. It meets all of your requirements, plus has parking. Would you like me to check availability?
Where is it located?
Its location is on Regent Street.
Thanks. I'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get [polynesian] food in the centre of town.
There are no Polynesian restaurants in the centre.
Is there a [Oriental] restaurant in the City Centre that is in the expensive price range?
Kymmoy is a great Asian Oriental place in the center of town, but it's expensive.
That's all I will need. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please have a pleasant day.


I am looking for a particular attraction called the [Funky Fun House]. Can you get me directions?
Absolutely, the address for the Funky Fun House is 8 Mercers Row located in the Mercers Row Industrial Estate.
What area of town is that in?
The Funky Fun House is in the east past of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? May i also have their postcode please?
I'm sorry, there's no entrance fee information listed for that attraction. The postcode is cb58hy.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay? I'd like an expensive hotel with free parking.
Sure, there are 5 hotels. How many stars should the hotel have?
I would like a hotel in the expensive price range.
[Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is an expensive hotel in the east end. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on sunday?
Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is : 3EJ2CUS3 .
Thank you! I'm all set. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!


A moderate priced [irish] food restaurant.
there are no irish restaurants. Would you like to choose another type of food?
Yes, could you please check whether there is a [gastropub]?
There are three gastropub restaurants listed. One is in the east part of town and the rest are in the centre.
I would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town.
I'm sorry, it appears there are no results for the east part of town. Our system is having difficulty of some sort.
Can I have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town?
the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town. It's located on Corn Exchange Street, and the phone number is 01223 308871.
Thank you goodbye.
thank you and good bye


I'm trying to find a good museum in town.
There are a multitude of museums in town. What side of town are you in?
I am open to any side of town!
Would you be interested in [Broughton House Gallery]?
That would be great. Can I get the postcode, please?
Sure. The postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can answer for you today?
No, that's all. You've been a great help, thanks. I'm sure my visit will be fun. Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye.


I need information on places to go and see.
There are 79 attractions, Do you have an idea of the type you're looking for?
Yes, I would like the type of college. I will need the address and postcode please.
Can I recommend [christ's college]?
Yes could I have the address and postcode of the college please.
The address is saint andrew's street.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you find anything else today?
I'm also looking for a moderately priced guesthouse, one with a four star rating. If it doesn't have free parking, that's fine.
There are 11 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a preference of north, south or east?
The area doesn't matter. I'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. Please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting Thursday. Thanks.
I have you booked at [a[rchway house]], the reference number is N8IRHQYO, any further questions?
Could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by [6:15]?
the taxi is booked. it's going to be a yellow tesla. their phone number is 07606976296.
Thanks. I don't need anything else.
i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great one. Thanks again for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you, I'm glad I could be of help. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant in Cambridge.
There are 14 expensive restaurants that serve indian food. What part of town would you like?
I want the location to be in the west.
[Cocum] is a nice Indian restaurant in the West in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table.
Okay, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to dine and how many people should I have the reservation for?
On Thursday at [5:00]. I also need a hotel in the same area. No need to have free parking.
I am unable to find a hotel that meets your criteria. Would you like help with anything else?
are you sure? it should be the type of a hotel
Yes this is correct there are none available sorry. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about one that has free parking?
[Huntington Marriott Hotel] is in the west and has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
is that in the same area as the restaurant?
yes it is also in the west
Yes. I'd like to book that for 3 nights starting Sunday and for 4 people.
I have made that reservation and the reference number is 4J5E7XV1 . What else can I help you with today?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the Marriott, leaving the restaurant by [17:00]?
Okay I have booked you a tax. Look out for a blue Volkswagon whose contact number is 07502242319.
Okay thank you for all your help.
Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all, goodbye.
Have a nice day.


Need a train to broxbourne leaving wednesday.
There are several trains to Broxbourne on that day. Do you have a certain time that you need to arrive by?
The train should arrive by [20:15].
The closest time I can get you will be at 10:01, better early than late, I always say!
Wow that's early! What is the departure time and price please?
Actually, I also have TR5293, leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. It's 17.90 pounds. Would that work for you?
Much better! I also need a cheap [French] restaurant.
Unfortunately we don't have any of those. Want to try a different type of food?
Is there a [portuguese] restaurant?
you can try [Nandos] it is south cheap price range. telephone no. 01223327908 in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds good can you book that for 8 people at [12:45] on wednesday as well?
Unfortunately, that date and time are unavailable. Do you want me to try for any other day or time?
Can you try [11:45], please?
11:45 it is! Got you booked for 8. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference #G9H679P3 .
Thank you that was all I needed
Have a great day.


Help me find a restaurant called [hakka] please
That restaurant serves chinese food and is expensive.
I'd like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at [1815] please.
Great, I have booked that for you and your reference number is XDYJMTO7 .
Thank you for your help, good day.
You as well. Thanks for using the service!
Of course! Thanks, good bye.
welcome again next time. enjoy our services


I am in the north part of town, can you tell me what cheap restaurants are around?
There's two places that match your criteria. One is indian food and the other is italian. Would you like the address of either?
I would love to know the address of the [Italian] place please, that sounds perfect!
Ok! The restaurant is called [Da Vinci Pizzeria] and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton with postcode CB41JY. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I would, I need it for Saturday for 5 people at [18:00] please.
The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 3MC54ZYM . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that will depart from Peterborough. Can you help me with that?
Yes I can. Please tell me where you're departing from and what day and time and I'll get you some options.
Leaving peterborough and must arrive at least by [12:15], I'll need to book a table then too
Where are you heading to from Peterborough?
I am traveling to Cambridge on Saturday.
TR8494 leaves peterborough saturday at 11:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:09. Would you like me to book passage for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'll be happy to assist with that, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually, let me get more information first. What is the travel time and price?
Travel time is 50 minutes, and the price is 13.20 pounds.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Did you want me to reserve the train for you?
No that is everything, thanks for your help.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Modern European] food at a reasonable price.
Try [riverside brasserie], it is located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane
Is that in the centre of town? Is it moderately priced?
It is indeed in the Centre and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I just need the adress and post code.
The postcode is cb21rt and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, will that be all?
I also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after [10:15].
Okay, we have a LOT of trains leaving after that time. What is your starting point and destination?
From Leicester to Cambridge, please.
OK, the TR9776 leaves at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54, the cost is 37.80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes please book the train for 1 person and make sure you give me the reference number.
Ok, you are booked. Your reference number is OYDBAUOS . The total is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. That was everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.


Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is available in the cheap price range.
I also need free wifi and a 0 star rating please.
I don't see any hotels with free internet in cheap price range.
Ok, then, is there one that is cheap and offers free parking instead?
No there is not one that matches that criteria.
Ok, I will try again later.
Hold on, I had mistakenly listed you as not wanting free parking (rather than not caring if they did). I have two gueshouses that offer both parking and internet.
I want which ever one is close to town.
How about the el shaddai? I will need to know how long your stay is going to be and how many is in your party please
Sure. There will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting Monday.
The el shaddai was full but I was able to book you at the [city centre north b and b]. Reference number XLPM3FVL .
Perfect thanks so much for your help that was all I needed today.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay. Bye.


Any suggestions for entertainment?
Is there a certain area you're looking at?
Yes, I'm looking for something close to the center of town.
I'm not finding anything close to the centre of town. Is there another area you'd like me to check for you?
Is there a college in the centre area that you could give me more information on?
There are several, what would you like to know?
Which one would you recommend for me to visit as a tourist? I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number for it.
I highly recommend downing college. It's free! The postcode is cb21dq and the phone number is 01223334860.
sweet, brah. i'm also looking to book a train.
Okay brah where you leaving from?
I will be leaving after [8:15] from london kings cross.
We have many trains available that are leaving london kings cross after 8:15. What is the location of your destination? Which day would you like to leave on?
I will travel in Tuesday. Arrival is not important.
TR5886 leaves at 09:17, price is 23.60 pounds a person, do you want me to book you?
Thank you. Yes I would really love for you to book the train for 2 people.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is IADFZDHY .
Great, thanks so much! That's all I'll be needing! Bye bye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [kirkwood house]
Kirkwood house is located in the north and is moderately priced. Want me to book you a room?
Please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Can I have a reference number?
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : VHYO8IC0 .
Wonderful. Thank you.
welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


I need to get a train from cambridge to Norwich.
I have a train leaving at 12:36 and arriving at 13:55. Is that ok?
Actually no, I need a train leaving on Monday after [20:30].
I have a train which leaves at 20:36. Would that work for you?
book for 4. get me the reference number please
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RI594OCX .
Awesome. You've been a great help. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.
I'd be happy to help you find something. Is there an area you prefer? And do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
I definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.
I would recommend el shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range? If so, yes.
It is not in the moderate price range, would you like to try another area or a different price range perhaps?
I would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. I would like to stay in the city centre.
I'm sorry there are no moderate guesthouses in the centre, maybe another area perhaps?
Are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?
Yes, I've located [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] that is a 4 star and El Shaddai that is a 0 star. Do you have a preference?
no preference I also need a reference number.
What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
There will be 2 people and we will arrive on Monday.
And for how many days?
I'm sorry, 5 nights please.
Good News! I got the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in 56 saint barnabas road cb12de, phone number 01223525725. The reference # is 3MWI64S9 .
Great. I also need a train leaving on Saturday.
Please give me your departure site and your destination station.
The train should leave after [10:00] and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.
There are 7 trains that fit your criteria. The first one after 10 is the TR8377, leaving Cambridge 11:21, arriving Stevenage 12:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will work! I need the reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y5AV9STN .
Thank you so much! That's all I needed. Have a great day!
Have a nice day then, and goodbye.


Get me a restaurant that serves [european] food.
There are several restaurants serving european food. Would you like the west, center or south part of town?
i dont really care.
Which price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine.
[Cambridge Lodge Restaurant] serves European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?
The phone number is 01223 355166 and the post code is C.B 3, 0 D.Q. Is there anything else?
No, thank you.
Thank you.


Can you help me find train tickets? Thanks!
When would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Wednesday after [11:45] please.
Where are you bound, and where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn and headed to Cambridge.
There is no train leaving kings Lynn.
None, can you check the spelling and search again?
TR7040 will leave at 12:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 12:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
No, I'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the [thanh binh] restaurant
There is no listing for this restaurant


Hi, I'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on Sunday from Cambridge please?
What is your destination?
I want to arrive at London Kings Cross.
What time would you like to leave by? It is a 51 minute trip for 18.88 pounds.
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by [21:30].
There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday at 19:00. It arrives at London Kings Cross at 19:51. May I book that for you?
No, I just needed the information, thanks. Have you heard of the [Meze Bar] Restaurant?
I need more information on the restaurant because my system is not showing me anything on it.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help with that! What do you want to know?
I would like to find a place to go in the south part of town.
Are you interested in a particular type of attraction? Maybe a museum?
Sure a museum sounds great.
The [Byard Art] Museum is located at 14 King's Parade and is free to get in.
Great I also need a train leaving birmingham new street on sunday
What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by [17:00] please.
I am sorry the earliest departure time is 17:40
I'm sorry, I forgot that as long as I leave [after 17:15] all will be fine. I need to get to cambridge.
Would you like me to book your tickets?
Can I just have the price, train ID, and arrival time, please.
For 60.08 pounds you can leave Birmingham new street at 17:40 and arrive in Cambridge by 20:23 on train TR5797. Would you like to book this train?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're very welcome!
Could you just get me that phone number for Byard Art Museum? I forgot to ask you earlier.
it is okay. the phone number is 01223464646
Thanky you, that's all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side.
I found seven results! What price range are you looking for?
I am looking in the lower range.
Sure, I have 3 guesthouses that might work for you. They're all 4 stars with free wifi and parking. Does that sound good?
A place on the east side with 4 stars and free wifi sounds perfect! Can I get the address, price range and postcode for one of those?
Sure. There's the [Allenbell] located at 517A Coldham Lane CB13JS. The number there is 01223210353. Anything else?
Thank you. What is the price range?
The Allenbell is cheap. Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Thank you! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a concert hall in the east.
I am sorry but there are no concert halls in the east. There is one in the centre of town, though. Do you want more information about it?
How about a museum in the east?
There are 4. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve high st, and st barnabas press gallery.
Thank you very much, could I have the phone number for each of those museums?
Cambridge Artworks' number is 01223902168, Cambridge Museum of Technology is 01223368650, Gallery at twelve a high street 01223295264, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery 01223902116. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving [indian] food?
We have 9 options in the centre for Indian food, any preference on price range?
I have no preference on the price range.
I would recommend [Saffron Brasserie] then, the atmosphere is fantastic. They are expensive. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please. Book it for 2 on Wednesday at [11:45].
I was unable to make a reservation at the time you wanted. Would you like to try another time
Please try [10:45].
The booking for 10:45 was successful, your reference number is X91CKCCU . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will need a taxi to go between the two places please.
Okay, when would you like to leave?
I would like to arrive at [10:45].
Where will you be departing from?
[Cambridge Artworks] please and going to Saffron Brasserie.
You are all set, look for a grey bmw, the phone number is 07332820178, can I assist with anything else?
No, thats it thanks!
I'm pleased I could assist you.
Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you get me information on a attraction called [emmanuel college]?
Yes, it is a nice college in the city centre, located on Saint Andrew's Street.
Okay thank you. That was all I needed to know.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any good eastern [European] restaurants in the centre?
There are many places to dine Do you have any preferences ?
Do any of them serve eastern European food?
There are 8 restaurants in the centre that serve European food. If you want to go with something cheap, I would suggest the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
what about [eastern european] food?
I'm afraid not. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
[Chinese] is always a good standby when in doubt, lets look for a chiense place.
There are several, do you have a price range in mind?
Moderately priced please.
[Jinling Noodle bar] is a great moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please make that for 4 people at [15:00] on a Sunday.
Reference number is : JKLWFR30 . Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
Your welcome. Have a good day.


Im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town
How about [little saint mary's church] at little saint mary's lane?
Okay, that sounds neat! Is there an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a [Chinese] restaurant close by.
Wow, I have 10 different chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a price range you would like to stay in?
To be honest, I don't care about the price range. Can you make a suggestion?
I would recommend [Rice House] in Centre. It is cheap but oh man their food is fantastic! They are at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help more?
Yes, I'll need a taxi between the two places as well.
Sure, what time and where would you like to be picked up?
I would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by [14:45].
Okay, no problem. I've booked you a white toyota to pick you up there, and the contact number is 07058618818. Anything else today?
Great that was all I needed for today, thank you!
You're welcome, and have a great day.


I'm looking for a train departing from Stantsted Airport going to Cambridge.
I found 133 train trips, do you have a date and time you would like to travel?
I want to leave on wednesday and arrive by [10:15].
There are 5 trains arriving by 10:15, would you like to book one leaving at 8:24 and arriving at 8:52?
Yes, that will be good! I need eight tickets, please.
You now have 8 tickets on the TR7667. Your reference number is A1S8REZC and your total will be 80.8 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you also give me some information on the [Leverton House] hotel?
I certainly can. What would you like to know about the Leverton House?
What is the address of the hotel?
The address is 732-734 newmarket road. Do you need any more information?
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Please let us know if you need any more assistance?


I need to take a train to here from Broxbourne, this will be on saturday.
I have 19 trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Saturday. What time are you wanting to arrive by?
The train should leave after 08:00
how about train 1997? It leaves at 09:01.
Oh, I am so sorry. I will be leaving Broxbourne, not Cambridge.
No problem! What time would you like to leeave by?
I want to leave after [8:00], please.
TR9384 leaves Broxbourne at 8:32.
That would be great. Can you book me for 8 tickets?
Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 114.56 GBP payable at the station . The Reference number is EFGWY22I . Can I assist with anything else.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.
Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
Yes, hopefully [Korean]. I love it.
I can recommend little Seoul.
Sounds great can I get the address?
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, have a great day!


Good Morning, Can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please?
Sure, we have many good options. What cuisine type do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.
How about The Oak Bistro? It serves British food.
Sure, may I have their address please?
The restaurant is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Great! I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Have a nice day.
You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal!


I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [christmas] food.
There are no restaurants that seve Christmas food.
How about [asian oriental] food?
[Saigon city] serves Asian oriental food as is in the north part of town.
That sounds like it will work. May I have the address and phone number, please?
Saigon City has an address of 169 High Street Chesterton, their phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!


I need to book a taxi departing from [parkside police station].
Okay, what is your destination?
i need to go to [aylesbray lodge guest house].
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive by [18:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07160513391


Hi, do you know of a hotel called [finches bed and breakfast]?
Yes of course. It is rated 4 stars, is located in the west and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Sure. I'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6AYRAXKH . Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [Italian] food.
There are five great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend cafe uno located in the centre of town.
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range. The restaurant should be in the south
My favorite restaurant would fit your criteria. It's called [Frankie and Bennys]. Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?
Sure, I'll get right to that. First, can I ask the day you'd like to eat there? Also, what time and how many people?
I actually dont need a reservation. just the address, postcode and phone number please.
They are located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. Phone: 01223412430.
Thank you, can I get a taxi as well? I need to leave the hotel by [16:45] and go the restaurant.
Okay, I've booked you a taxi leaving your hotel at 16:45. Look for a blue toyota, and if you need to contact them their number is 07524587523.
Excellent, that's all the information I need, thank you for your help!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


Hello, I would like information on museums in town
There are 23 museums to choose from, are you looking for one in a particular area?
Which is your favorite? Get me their phone number, and I'll check them out.
My favorite museum is the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. Their number is 01223355159. Can I help you with anything else?
Maybe you could give me one other option?
Sure. There's also the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology, which is free. They're phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.


What is the best cinema in Cambridge you can recommend?
Cineworld and Vue are both excellent. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
The exact area does not matter.
[Cineworld] is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Sounds great. What area is that in? And could you get me the phone number?
Cineworld is in the South and their number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes! I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. You need this info.
Alright and when would you want to leave by?
I am going to birmingham new street and want to leave after [21:00]
TR5600 leaves at 21:01. Can I book a seat for you?
How much is it?
The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
What time does that train arrive?
The train arrives at [23:44].
Okay, I'm all done for today. Thanks, bye
Would you like reservations for the train?


Hi! Could you find me a train to Stevenage on Thursday?
There are 10 trains meeting your preferences. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Would you be able to get me to Stevenage by [18:45]?
Where would you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge.
TR4765 will arrive in stevenage by 18:10 on Thursday, do you want to book a ticket?
I would like to book 7 tickets please. I will also need the reference number. Thanks
Sure, your reference number is : UIJ42C5L . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much for your help. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. Are you certain you don't need any further assistance?
Yes that's everything I needed thanks.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a wonderful day!


Where is this [saffron brasserie] located?
it's located in the centre.
Great I would like to book a table.
Ok, I can handle that for you. How many people will dining with you?
Well...I don't have any friends... I'll be going in on Thursday at [12:30].
Okay, I was able to book a table for you. Reference number is : 1793CE4C . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. It doesn't have to have free parking, but I would like a 4 star place.
There are several guest houses with 4 stars in the east. They are in the cheap and moderate price ranges. Do you have a preference?
No preference. Could you pick one for me?
Sure, I recommend [Autumn House]. It is on 710 Newmarket Road and is very popular.
Could you book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
[Autumn House] is booked for you. 1 person staying 2 nights starting on Thursday. Your Reference number is : 8YGNKA7F . Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please also find a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.
What time frame would you like it to be in?
I would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by [12:30].
Okay. Your booking is completed. The car type is red Honda. The contact number is 07940318761.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thanks for the help.
You are very welcome, enjoy.
I'm sure I will. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hey I am looking for a swimming pool to go to while in Cambridge. Can you find me one
I have 4 swimming pools to choose from. 2 are in the north, and I have one in the east and centre. Do you have a preference?
I think the one in the East would be best. Can you give me an address for it?
Sure! Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Would you like the phone number?
naw, but i'm looking for some food
What type of food.
I would really like to get really great [Chinese] food. Can you suggest an expensive chinese place?
Sure, there are a number of options. Is there a particular area of town you were interested in?
I don't have a area of town preference.
Yes! There are 5 that I have found. One in the East, 2 South, 1 North and 1 Centre. Would you like the address of any of them?
Yes please. Please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on sunday at [13:15].
I booked you a table at [Hakka] (ref #7K0C5AJN). They're on the east side at Milton Road, Chesterton.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Bye.
Glad to be of service! Goodbye!


Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from Cambridge.
No problem! Where will you be going to and on what day?
I'd like to go to london liverpool street on Sunday. I need to get there by [21:00].
I have train TR7713 that departs at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27. Would that work for you or would you like something earlier?
That one would be great. Can I get 2 tickets on that train, and the reference number once it's booked?
Certainly. I have now reserved two tickets for you, which you can pay for at the station. Your reference number is 13GQ9S3A .
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free parking.
What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay.
Can I recommend [el shaddia guesthouse]?
Does this location include free wifi?
Yes, El Shaddai includes free parking. Would you like to book a stay, or perhaps you would like directions?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?
Yes it does, would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on friday.
I'm sorry, that reservation wasn't available. Perhaps you could book another day, or a different length of stay?
That's okay, see if you can make the booking for one night instead.
The booking was successful! Your reference number is 7V39SM46 .
Thank you very much for all your help.
need any other help?
No. Thank you for your help.
Great! Enjoy your stay!


Hi. I would like to have a taxi arrive for me at the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] by [15:00]. Can you reserve that for me?
I can certainly do that for you. What is your destination?
I will be traveling from the guesthouse to [rajmahal].
You will be looking for a grey toyota with contact info of 07015796204
Thank you so much! That'll be all.
No problem! Enjoy your trip!


i want to book a taxi.
Okay. Where is the destination?
The destination is the [museum of classical archaeology].
When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave after [10:15]
Where would you like to be picked up from?
I need to depart from [Curry King], please. Can I have the car type and contact number as well?
A red BMW will pick you up, and the contact number is 07641445161. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that's all I need for now!
You're welcome. Have a great time!


Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called [sala thong].
Sala Thong is a great [Thai] restaurant in the West. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure. I need a table for Friday at [14:15] for 5 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : V6LXVBDJ .
rad, thanks for your help.
Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.
Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, I want to stay on the north side of town.
How about kirkwood house??
Is that in the expensive price range and do they have free internet and parking?
They do have free internet and parking but the price is in the moderate range.
I definitely want to stay in the expensive range, so how about we change the area to the centre of town. What do you have there with wifi and parking?
We have Gonville Hotel with 3 stars and University Arms Hotel with 4 stars. Which would you like more information on?
I will take the [University Arms Hotel], please. I would like it booked for 4 nights on Friday. There are 5 people in my group.
You are all set the reference number is CZ52QG8N, anything else today?
Not at this time thank you.
Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.


Yes, hello. I interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please
There are two. Both have WiFi. Do you need parking?
I don't need free parking.
There is a moderately priced hotel or a cheap priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book one for you?
Cheap one. Book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from Wednesday. Reference number.
Great, I have you booked at the [El Shaddai] for 2 nights. Your reference number is 4EOYK3V7 .
Thank you. Can you help me out in finding an [indian] restaurant in town?
There are 22 restaurants serving indian food in town. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I need the expensive price range please.
Do you have a part of town you'd like to eat in, or would you just like a suggestion?
There is not a certain part of town. But I will need a table for 2 people on Wednesdat at [13:30].
I found the [tandoori palace] on the south side of town for you. I also booked a table for the date and time you wanted. Here is your reference number R8QVU1MH
That should be all, Thank you very much.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, I think it's called the [Gonville]?
I have the gonville hotel. It is in the centre area of town. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, please, I need a room for 3 nights for one person, starting on Saturday.
I am sorry there are no rooms available at that time,can I help you find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range please?
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is in the same price range.
Is that rated similar to the other one?
The rating is actually one star better. Is that one fine?
Yes please boook me that one.
All right, I have you booked at the University Arms with reference number JAD762EV . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. You have been very helpful with all your assistance.
Pleasure all mine. Have a nice stay!


Help me find a [chinese] place to dine in the centre please.
I show 10 Chinese restaurants located in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in the expensive price range.
There are 4 Chinese restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range. May I suggest [HK Fusion]?
Can I book it for 1 person at [14:15] on thursday?
I was able to book you, the reference number is 83KK1ZQE, can I assist with anything else?
I can't wait to eat there, thanks. I also need train information. I am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by [09:45].
WIll you be travelling Thursday, as well?
No, I need to leave on Friday.
Train TR8310 would be perfect for you shall i book it ?
Yes, 1 ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KXH54OG6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am good to go now, thank you so much! Take care!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great trip!
Thank you for your time.
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip.


i want to go to a museum in the west area of the town.
I have found 7 museums in the West area of town. What type of museum would you like to visit?
Can you list 2 of them for me to choose from? Thanks
Cafe jello gallery and people's portraits exhibition at girton college are the two places I would recommend. Do you need anything else?
May I get the phone number and Postcode for the [Cafe Jello Gallery]?
Of course. The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. The post code is cb30af. May I be of further assistance?
I am also looking for the [Warkworth House]. What area is that in?
It is in east. Need a reservation?
Yes please. I need it for 1 person, 2 nights starting on Monday please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : OTQ22OMB .
Thank you so much for your help.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Hello, could you please find me a place to dine?
Did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at?
The restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive [kosher] food.
I do not have any restaurants meeting that description. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Do you have one that serves [British] food?
There are 2 restaurants that serve British food, the Graffiti and [Travellers Rest]. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west. Can you book a table for 1 on Tuesday at [17:45]?
Ok, I have you booked at Graffiti on Tuesday at 17:45.
Can I get a reference number please?
Sorry, apparently that booking didn't clear. I got you a table at Travellers Rest instead. Reference number is: BRTYJSC8 . Can I help with anything else?
No, Thanks for all your help
Enjoy your meal and have a great day!


Hey, I've been injured. Where's the closest hospital?
The closest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd., Cambridge. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, can I have their post code and phone number?
The number is 01223245151 and postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need an officer or the number for the police?


Is there a cinema in the West area?
There are no cinemas in the west part of town in my system.
Too bad. How about museums? Can you recommend one for me?
There are 7 museums in the area, would you be interested in the Lynne Strover Gallery?
Yes I would. Can you give me the address, post code, and phone number for that museum?
Lynne strover gallery is located in the west at 23 high street, fen ditton postcode cb30aq, phone 01223295264. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. i also am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
I have 29 results that match your request. To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in, and what price range?
I would like to stay in the West as well.
There are 4 hotels in the west area. Could you tell me what price range?
Oh, any of them will do. Let's book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry but none of the hotel are available. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Will a two night stay work? If that works go then ahead and give me the reference number.
[Finches Bed and Breakfast] was booked reference number QW2D4CNL
I think that's it! Have a nice day!
Have a good trip!
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.


Hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on Monday?
Sure! There are 19 trains departing from Kings Lynn on Monday. What is your destination so I can narrow down the list for you?
Cambridge is my destination, please.
How many tickets would you like?
I will need 6 tickets.
The TR4943 leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11, would you like me to book your seats on that train?
Yes, is there a reference number? I also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves [chinese] food.
There are three places that serve Chinese in the North, what is your price-range?
Moderate please and thank you.
The [golden wok] fits your criteria. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Can you book me a table there for Monday at [14:30]?
Yes of course, just tell me how many guests before I can process.
There will be 6 of us.
That place is not open at that time. Shall I try another?
Could you try for [13:30]?
I was able to book the restaurant for you. The reference number is OESBPDPB . What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
you are welcome. its been our pleasure to serve you.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
sure, do you need some information?
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Leicester, leaving after [20:00] on Sunday.
There are 4 options leaving after 20:00, by what time do you want to arrive in leicester?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I need to make a booking for 5 people. And I definitely need a reference number for the booking.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is EM5AYOET . Will that be all?
Actually, I could use some help finding something fun to do in the north.
There are several swimmingpools as well as a park and a boat attraction in the north. do any of these appeal to you?
Can you give me the address for the park?
The address is milton country park, milton, cb46az. Will that be all?
no that will be all thank you
Do you need anything else?
No thank you.
Okay, have a great day!


Hi. I'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?
Sure. Do you know the name of it?
It's called the [A and B Guesthouse]. I'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on Monday. Can I get a reference #? Thanks!
I was able to book your party of four into A and B Guest House starting on Monday for 5 nights. Reference: CEREP94P . Can I assist further today?
Yes I would also like a place to dine in the north that serves [asian oriental] food.
There are a few options in the area. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just needs to be in the North and serve that food.
[Saigon City] will fit your needs do you need to book a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table for four on Monday at [16:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y7GC1VD7 . Anything else I can help with?
That was all I needed today, thank you.
Thanks, please remember us for your future travel needs.


I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.
What day will you be departing? Trains depart starting at 5:17 then at each odd hour. Trains arrive the next hour :08.
On sunday. But I have to be there by [19:15]. Which one works best for that?
There are 7 trains. The one that arrives closest to 19:15 is TR2952 which leaves at 17:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like to book this?
Is there an earlier train?
There is TR1688 that arrives by 14:08
Great that should work can I get the price, and departure time of that?
18.88 pounds departure time 13:17.
I need the postcode please.
What postcode are you requesting?
Sorry. I am interested in finding a museum to attend and would need the postcode and phone number.
There are 5 museums, 4 of which are free and one costs 3.50 pounds. Do you know which area you would like?
I don't care about the area. Can you give me the name, postcode, and phone number of the one with an entrance fee?
Sure, cambridge and county folk museum at 2-3 castle street has the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223355159.
I will also need the postcode please.
Sure, the postcode for the cambridge and county folk museum is cb30aq.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Is that all I can help you with today?
That should be all the info I need, thank you!
You're very welcome, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!


I need to book a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving in Cambridge before [12:30].
I have TR4594, leaving at 11:29 and arriving in 12:07. Is that OK?
I actually need to leave after [20:30] on Friday. So whatever is closest to that time will be fine.
Okay. The TR4549 leaves at 21:29. Will that suit?
Yes that works. Can you book it for 5 people and send me the reference number?
Ok I have 5 tickets booked on TR4549. Your reference number is NTPYZBY4 .
Thanks! Can you also check and see what 3-star guesthouses you have?
We are listing four guest houses. Which area of town are you looking for?
The east part of town, it should also include free wifi.
I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that I can see on the East side of town, can I look in a different location?
Yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the west that include free wifi?
Yes there is [Hobsons house] is in the west and has free wifi.
Okay, I need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting Friday, and I'll need reference number, please.
I have successfully booked the hotel for you! Your reference number is NKEKLJ0D . Can I help you with anything else?
That sounds perfect, I think that's all I need today. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome, thank you for using our service!


I want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn
What time did you want to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge to arrive in Kings Lynn by [18:15].
Okay, the TR2840 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds great. I need to book one for 4 people.
The total came 31.36 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CKK48SQO . Anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?
Sure, you have a cuisine I'd like to eat, or area of town you want to dine in?
I'd love some [Scandinavian] food?
I'm sorry, but there are no scandanavian restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to change your price range or the type of food?
What about [Turkish] food?
yes! there is anatolia or [efes restaurant].
Could I get the contact info for that?
efes restaurant is at King Street city centre, postcode is cb11ln and the phone is 01223500005, can I help with anything else?
Yes, let's book a table for four there at [13:00] on the same Saturday.
I have you booked. Reference number is : U8RPPC0C .
Thank you that is all I need today.
You're welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
I have found many options, is there a price range you were looking for?
It should be in the moderate price range with free parking
I have 12 such places. I'd suggest the Acorn Guest House, which has 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
Howe about the [archway house], they have rooms. Your reference number is VCECU7M4 . Is that okay?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you so much for your help.
Thanks for calling. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday. I'd like to arrive by [09:45].
I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?
Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ .
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?
What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay on the south.
Okay! There are three. What price range would you like? I can book you at a moderately-priced or cheap guesthouse.
Is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?
No, all three have parking and internet.
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday
Okay, I have you booked at the [Bridge Guest House]. Your reservation number is KMYQSG7Z . Can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Have a nice day.


Hello, I am looking forward to seeing some local attractions in the Centre. Do you have any recommendations?
I have over 40 to choose from. Did you happen to have a certain type of attraction in mind?
No particular attraction in mind. What do you recommend?
Does it matter if there is a charge or do you prefer something that is free?
I don't mind I just will need their address when you have chosen one.
I've heard great things about the boat attraction, the [Cambridge Punter]! The address is 251a Chesterton Road. Can I be of any further help?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the same area as the attraction.
There are great choices in the centre. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a hotel, it doesn't need to have parking as I'll be taking the train into town.
Do you have any other requirements?
No. Which one do you recommend?
I would recommend [cityroomz], i hear it's lovely
That will be great. I'll need to book it for Sunday. We will be staying 3 nights and it's 8 people.
Would you like me to book that for you then?
yes please book
I have you booked, the reference number is WWB56SIX, can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for some kind of entertainment in Cambridge?
Ok! Whale of a time is located at Unit 8 Viking Way Bar Hill on the west side of town. Phone is 01954781018.
Great, thanks! Do I have any other entertainment options?
Yes, there is everything from parks to nightclubs. Several colleges and museums. Holy Trinity Church is a great architectural attraction.
The whale of time sounds great. I also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the west.
Okay, I have 4 options available. Is there a price range or star rating you'd prefer?
A 4 star rating please.
There are 3 options, any preference on pricing?
I would like the moderate price range.
I'm afraid there is nothing along those lines available. Can I change your search criteria a bit?
Can you try looking in the north?
How about the [avalon] it's a 4 star moderately priced hotel in the north.
Perfect. I need 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. Could I have the reference number after booking?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BVCGE59G . anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from [whale of a time]. I need it to leave by [06:00]
I have booked a white volvo for you with Contact number: 07201581539. Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks, that's all I needed. Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for the Parkside Police Station.
Their number is 01223358966. Do you need assistance? Has a crime occured?
I only needed the phone number. Thank you!
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed, thank you so much.
So glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Can you give me some information on the [Worth House]?
That is a nice guesthouse located on Warkworth Terrace on the East side of town. Can I tell you something in particular?
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from monday
I have booked Warkworth House starting Monday for 5 days for 2 people. Reference #XLIO11MV .
Thanks so much for the help.
You are welcome, have a good trip.
Great, thanks. Can you also recommend something fun to do in the south part of town?
Sure, is there a particular type of activity you are interested in. A museum or nightclub perhaps?
I'd like to take a stroll at a park.
You're in luck; there are two beautiful parks in the south and both have free admission. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway or wandlebury country park.
can i get the phone number for [wandlebury country park]?
Sure, the phone number is 01223243830.
Also what car type is it?
I'm sorry, I don't understand your question. Do you need to book a taxi?
Sorry to confuse. Yes, can I book a taxi from [Wandlebury Country Park] to [Warkworth House]. I want to leave by [11:30].
Your taxi is booked, a grey tesla. Your contact number is 07097592462. May I help with something else?
No thank you have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


Another driver bumped into my rental car, but he's saying it's my fault. I need help resolving this.
Please contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station,
Okay, I need the phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223358966, and the postcode is CB11JG.


I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.
Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.
I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?
I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.
We have 2,828 entries for a train. Could you narrow it down to what you need?


I am looking for an attraction called [King's College].
Ah yes, King's College is in centre of town. The address is King's Parace and phone 01223331100.
Thank you very much. Can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb21st.
I also need a place to stay.
I can help you with that. Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 4-stars. Also, an expensive one.
There is one hotel matching your criteria. It is University Arms Hotel, it is expensive with a four star rating and both free internet and parking. Do you need more information?
No that will be all the info I need thank you.
Okay! Have a great trip! Bye!


I'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge today!
The yippee noodle bar is an excellent restaurant that serves asian oriental food and is in the moderate price range.
I want to find a [european] restaurant in the centre. try again please.
Sure, there are plenty of options. I would recommend [de luca cucina and bar] if you are interested in modern European cuisine.
What is the address?
The address is 83 Regent Street postcode cb21aw. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help getting a train going to cambridge.
What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on saturday.
What time do you need to leave by?
I would be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge. I would need to arrive by [12:45].
The TR0637 arrives by 11:07. Would that work?
Yes that will work fine. Can you book that.
Ok, you are booked on the TR0637 departing at 09:39. the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IAC5V0TC .
That's great! What's the travel time?
The total travel time on that train is 88 minutes.
Thanks, that is all
Have a wonderful visit.


I'm looking for a decent place to dine in Cambridge please.
What type of cuisine are you interested in?
how about [canapes] food?
Sorry, we don't have any places serving canapes food. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you please try for [Italian] ?
We have 15 italian places Cambridge, do you have and needs as far as area and pricing?
Lets try for a moderately priced place in the centre.
We have a great place on Regent Street City Centre called [Pizza Express] that you are sure to love. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No thanks. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number for this restaurant please.
Their phone number is 01223324033 and address is Regent Street City Centre. Was there anyting else I could help you with?
I would like to book a train to ely, from cambridge.
Which day would you like to leave?
i want to leave on friday
There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure time or arrival time in mind?
The train should leave after [11:15]. Thanks
Train TR0767 leaves Cambridge at 11:50 and arrives at ely at 12:07. The fare is 4.40 pounds. The travel time is 17 minutes. Do you want me to book this?
no thats all the information i needed. thanks
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


I need help picking the correct train that will arrive at the time I need.
What are your departure and destination sites?
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.
what time do you want to arrive?
I would like to arrive by monday at [16:30].
The closest you could arrive on Monday is the 14:09 train that will get you there by 16:30. Does that sound good?
That sounds great. My math isn't the best so please tell me what the total travel time is.
The travel time is 105 minutes. Shall I book it?
No thanks I will book it. Can you help me find an expensive restaurant as well?
Sure thing I would suggest this place graffiti.
Is it in the North area?
No. It is in the west. Need a place in north?
Yes, please. I'd like something with some [creative] food.
Actually, I can't find any restaurants serving creative food. Can we try a different cuisine?
How about [european] food please?
I have one option for you that is called The [City Stop Restaurant] and it is expensive. Does this interest you?
Can you book a table for 2?
On what day would you like to dine?
I need a table at [20:15] on Monday.
How many people will be dining?
Make the reservation for 2 people please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is V8CR4ENN .
That is all. Have a nice day.
Great, you have one too!


I need a good place to eat dinner. I Like [Italian], what do you suggest?
Sure! There are plenty of options. Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
I do not have a preference in price.
I can suggest the [pizza express] in the centre. Would you like more information on that?
Please make a booking for a table of 2 at [16:15] on Thursday and provide the reference number. I also need to look for a train.
I booked you a table for 2 for Thursday at 16:15 at the Pizza Express. Your reference number is 6PXRDIHG . Now let me help you with the train
Great. I will be leaving London Kings Cross and want to get to Cambridge by [11:45] the day I eat at the restaurant.
I have a 9:17 train that will get you into Cambridge by 10:08.
Okay, may I please have the travel time and price?
The travel time is 51 minutes and the per ticket price is 23.60GBP.
Thank you so much, I will book later. Have a great day, you have been helpful.
feel free to contact us again should you need more assistance. goodbye.


I want to eat [chinese] food in the centre.
How about [Charlie Chan]? It is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre.
Sure. I would like to book a table for 5 people at [11:00] on Saturday.
I'm booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 Saturday at Charlie Chan. What name should I place this under?
Book it for XXXX, can I please get a reference number?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any other cheap restaurants in the area?
Not in that criteria, perhaps another area or price range?
Are there any in the same area and price range but not Chinese?
I don't know what I was thinking earlier, we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre. J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental. Should we try that?
Yes, please try [J Restaurant]. [Asian Oriental] food sounds good.
I was able to book you into the J restaurant and your reference number is 87G7FWZM .
Thank you for your help! That will be all. Good Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.
In what area of town are you looking to stay?
in the south are of town.
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is a nice place
Does it have free parking?
Yes they do offer free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, on Tuesday for 3 people 3 nights.
Your reservation for 3 people at aylesbray lodge guest house this tuesday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SWWMG3BG .
thanks for your time and services
Thank you goodbye


I am looking to find a restaurant that serves [swedish] food and expensive.
I am sorry there are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the expensive range. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about [Indian] or [Italian] then?
stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a nice place.Do you want the address ?


I'd like a train to Cambridge that arrives by [11:30].
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Ely.
I can reserve a seat on TR2704 departing at 9:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 9:52. How many tickets will you need?
It doesn't matter to me.
If you wouldn't like me to book you a ticket, is there anything else you need?
Can you tell me what the travel time for that train is?
That will be a 17 minute train ride.
Okay great. That is all thank you.
Okay great. Thanks fro calling.


Can you help me locate a restaurant called [Pizza Express Fen Ditton]?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located on Jesus Lane. The phone number is 01223324033.
thank you do you know if they take reservations? Do you know the hours of the business?
I am unable to locate the hours of Pizza Express; however, they do take reservations if there is a time you would like me to try to book for you.
I need a reservation for 3 people on saturday.
What time would you like to dine?
The train should arrive by [16:30] and should depart from cambridge.
There is a train that leaves 13:17.
what time does that train arrive?
What day do you want to travel?
I will travel on Sunday.
Where shall the train go?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge
A total of five entries found. How about TR7447? It arrives at 13:51, and leaves at 13:00? Then we can get back to the restaurant reservation we had been working on.
Yes, that will do. I need tickets for 3 people please.
Your train tickets are booked, ref #6QVPO3N3 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Great. Well, I hope you have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again. Goodbye.


Is there a place in the centre that serves [asian oriental] food?
We have the [dojo noodle bar] do you want to book ?
That sounds great, yes please book that.
I would be happy to do that for you. What day and time would you like?
[14:00] on Monday.
Okay, great. I'll just need the number of people attending to make your reservation.
The reservation needs to be for 8 people.
Your reservation is all set. Reference number H1IITSND .
i also will be needing a trian
I can help you. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stratford. I want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but I need to arrive in Cambridge by [09:00].
TR0532 arrives at 08:07. Do you need a ticket?
make a booking for the same group of people.
Reference number is : O2VN10GD . Is there anything else?
No thank you. That will be all.
Okay, enjoy your trip! Have a great day.


Hello! Are there any [chinese] restaurants in the centre?
There are quite a few in the centre. What is the price range you'd like to stay within?
Cheap price range, please!
[jinling noodle bar] is a good fit. Its on 11 Peas Hill City Centre
Great! Can you book me a table for 5 on Thursday?
I sure can. Any preference on time?
Please try for [12:30].
When booking your restaurant, I see that the jinling noodle bar is moderately priced. Would that work?
Yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on Thursday at 12:30.
That was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
No, a moderate restaurant isn't really what I wanted. Can you find a cheap Chinese restaurant for me?
I have 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town. The Charlie Chan, The Rice House, and the Golden House. Do you have a preference?
Any of those options would be fine
I would recommend the [Rice House] as there food is delicious. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Okay I would like to book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday.
I apologize, there are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time at Rice House, or perhaps I can attempt Charlie Chan or Golden House?
Okay please check at [11:30] instead.
I am sorry. The 11:30 booking for the rice house was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Ok. Let's try [Charlie Chan] instead.
Sorry, there are no available spots for that day and time. Would you like to try another time?
If you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap Chinese restaurants at [12:30] (or [11:30]) on Thursday, that would be fine. Can you try that?
Unfortunately, I can't find any tables available for that day and times either. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No it must be in the Centre. Is there any other chinese place open in the Centre on Thursday?
No, I'm sorry, those are the only 3 in the centre, would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Any other Chinese restaurants in a different price range?
Yes, I have 3 in the moderate price range
All right, just for fun, let's try one of those (though I expect they will not work either!).
I was not able to book that either. I am very sorry.
Well, maybe you'll have better luck finding me a place to stay. I'm looking for something cheap, but still 4-star quality.
I have 8 that fit those parameters, would you like any special amenities?
Only other thing I would like is free parking.
Are you looking to stay in a specific area?
Not really. Can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from Thursday? It's for 5 people.
It doesn't look like any of them are available for that day. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Man, we are just not having much luck tonight, huh? Okay, can you see if there are any available for one night?
I was able to book you at Charlie Chan's. Your reference # is ZWMR0D97 . I also found you a room at [Worth House] for 1 night. Reference # is 0HEBRY1Y .
Thank you. that is all for today.
you're welcome, anything else i can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Sorry I had such a hard time booking for you!
Don't sweat it. Thank you and Goodbye.
It was my pleasure. Enjoy your stay!


Can you help me look for train leaving from Stevenage?
Absolutely! What day will you be traveling?
I need to leave after [14:45] on Thursday.
TR1596 leaves at 15:54 and gets into Cambridge at 16:43. Will that work?
I am also looking for some entertainment in town.
there are a variety i will book for you the one you like it is a pleasure to serve you


I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town.
The Golden Wok is in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range.
No I am not interested in the Golden Wok, is there anything else?
The [Nirala] is also located in the north and moderately priced. It serves Indian food.
Great! Can I have the phone number and postcode please?
The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton. Its phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is CB41UY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you for using this system and please call us again. Goodbye.
Bye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant sytem. Good bye.


Yes, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to know about museums in the area.
is there a certain area of town you would prefer?
No, there isn't. Could you recommend one?
I suggest the broughton house gallery. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes I am looking for a hotel named [El Shaddai].
I have a listing for that. Would you like to book you a room?
I would like the address, whether they have internet, and phone number, please.
The address is 41 warkworth street, phone number 01223327978. Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests.
Thank you so much for this information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now, thank you.
Great thank you. Have a good day!


I need to find a place to stay in the centre of town.
Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap guest house with wifi.
Perfect. [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is a cheap guesthouse in the center with free internet and parking. Can I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I will be there for three nights.
How many people and from what day will you stay?
We arrive on Monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 7 of us.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DHS86PO0 . Can I help with anything else today?
I need to find a place to eat as well.
I would love to help you with that. Do you have anything specific in mind? Area? Price range?
I am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and cheap.
dojo noodle bar would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
Actually I want a restaurant that serves food in the type of [the americas]
There are no cheap restaurants in the centre of town serving cheap food from the Americas. Wild you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Sure, how about [Portuguese]?
[N[andos City Centre]] is a cheap place to eat and is in centre. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. Also, I'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at [14:30]. Could you get me the contact number and car type?
A black volkswagen is booked for you. The contact number is 07101354106. Anything else today, or will that be all?
Thanks for all of your help today you have been wonderful!
So glad I could be of assistance. Have a lovely day!


I am looking for a place in the centre of town serving [indian] food.
There are 9 different Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.
I have 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. The curry garden or panahar are two I enjoy.
the [curry garden] sounds good. Can you please provide me with the address and postcode. Thank you.
Sure! The address is 106 regent street city centre. Their postcode is cb21dp. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I would like to know about an attraction called [saint barnabas press gallery].
Sure! St. Barnabas Press Gallery is located in the east at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Rd. It's free to attend. The phone number is 01223902116.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today.
Glad I could help, have a great day!


I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking for places to go. Are there any good colleges to see?
There are quite a few for you to choose from. Did you have a particular area of town you would prefer to spend your time in?
No, any area will do. Can you recommend one?
I sure can. How about [corpus christi] in town centre?
Yes that sounds great. Can you give me the address for that college?
King's Parade, cb21rh. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I just need help finding a place to stay.
I'd be happy to help with that. May I ask if there is a price range or area you prefer?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
We have 14 places matching your criteria. Lets narrow this down. Is there an area you prefer?
No, I'm really not picky. j
How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It is in the north area and has 4 stars with free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.
i will book you and get back to you, you are welcome
Can I please get the reference number?
The reference number is T8N3WK5T . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, Yes, I will need a taxi from the [Acorn Guest House] to [corpus christi] college. I also did not get the college address.
What time will you be traveling?
I would like to leave my hotel by [22:00]. Would you mind getting the college address for me?
The college address is king's parade cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can get for you?
Yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.
For how many people?
Just the 4 of us
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07500369982.
Perfect. That's all I need help with. Have a great day.
You, too. Please call if you need anything else. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Are there any [British] restaurants in the center of town?
There are 7 restaurants in the center of town that serve British cuisine. Would you prefer one with an expensive, moderate, or cheap price range?
Is there such thing as cheap British cuisine? Where is that?
There is no cheap British food in the centre. Would you prefer a moderately priced one?
Perhaps. I'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?
We have [cambridge university botanic gardens]. Could you like more information on them?
Yes please, can I have the address?
Of course. The address listed is bateman street.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?
There are 4 moderately priced British restaurants in the same area as the botanic gardens.
I'm sorry - I'd really like the name of a British restaurant in city center, I don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.
OK, how about Restaurant One Seven? It serves British cuisine in city centre. It's moderately priced.
Sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can I get a taxi from [R[estaurant One Seven]] to the gardens?
Sure, I'll need to know a time frame for arrival or departure though.
I would like to leave the restaurant by [14:45].
Alright, I have your taxi booked to pick you up at Restaurant One Seven at 14:45 to go to the Cambridge University Botanical Gardens.
Can I get a contact number for that taxi?
Sure thing, it will be a black audi and contact number 07098094342. Is there anything else I can help you with?


I need a place to dine on [crossover] food. It should be in the centre
There are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Is there a different tyoe of food we can search for?
what about [african] food?
There is one called [Bedouin]. Would you like a reservation?
I would, thanks. I need a table for 6 on Sunday, at [15:30].
Alright, I've got your booking taken care of and your reference number is 75CDS1UP . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, could you also give me some information about the [aylesbray lodge guest house]?
Yes, they are a moderately priced guesthouse in the south. They are rated 4stars and include both internet and parking.
Would you be able to book one of those for me please?
I can, what are your arrival details?
The six of us will be arriving on Thursday.
okay and how long is your stay so I can book the room for you
I will need to stay 4 nights please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZF9U0U48 .
I also need a taxi that arrives at he restaurant by the booked time.
How many people will be traveling?
It's just me. Is that necessary though?
I was able to book your taxi for you. It will get you to Bedouin by 15:30. Be expecting a blue Honda. Their number is 07893602795.
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day and keep up the great work. Goodbye
You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye


Hi there, I'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the south of Cambridge.
There are two hotels that meet your criteria, aylesbray lodge which is a 4 star hotel, and bridge guest house which is 3 star, would you like more information on one?
Yes please. Is any of these two a guesthouse type of hotel?
there is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house, both meet your requirements.
What is the postcode of aylesbray lodge?
The postcode of the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a [lebanese] restaurant?
There is one I know of. [Ali Baba] in the centre. It is a moderately priced lebanese place. Does that work?
Yes. Can you book that for 5 people at [18:15] on Friday?
I have successfully booked your table for 5 at 18:15 on Friday. Your reference number is RXC5FU89 . Anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.
You're welcome. thank you for using our service. Have a good day.
You have a good day as well. Goodbye.
Thank you again for using our service.


I'm looking for some architecture to visit. What are my options?
All architecture is in the centre of town. Your options are All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools.
How about All Saints? And could I have a postcode please?
All Saints Church's postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thanks!
We hope you enjoy your visit. Thank you for contacting us.
Thank you, goodbye.
If you need anything else let us know.


Hi, I am looking for information in Cambridge. I'll be coming in the next few weeks.
What sort of information do you need?
We are visiting and hoping to find some great entertainment in the area.
There are a few, do you have a certain area in mind?
It should be in the centre, , how about one that is in the type of architecture
The Centre has some wonderful architecture. There are several options that do not charge an entrance fee and one that charges 2 pounds. Do you have a preference?
Not really. What's the address and postcode for your favorite one?
great saint mary's church is at market square
What about the post code?
The post code is cb23pq. Anything else?
I need a place to stay - a guesthouse, I think. Perhaps in the north?
Is there a price range you'd like? There are many moderate prices guesthouse, and 2 cheap ones.
I'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it? I will need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
DO you need free wifi or parking?
No those dont matter to me.
There are actually 9 guesthouses on the north that are moderately priced. Would you like me to select one?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people, 2 nights and starting from Wednesday.
I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Thank you! When you are done I will need the reference number.
Booking was successful at the [Avalon]. Your reference number is : 0BMY3Z94 . Can I help you with anything else?
That will be l for now, thank you very much
You're welcome, have a good day.


I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi.
Sure, there are 4 places like that. Do you have a preference for lodging type or price range?
It should be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, other than what I mentioned I have no preferences.
I have the [Lensfield hotel]. Would you like to book it?
First let me ask if they have free parking. Also, can you please tell me the star rating?
They do have free parking and it is a 3 star hotel. How else may I assist you?
That sounds perfect. I will book it myself if I decide on it. That is all I need today. Thank you.
Not a problem! If you need more assistance, please let me know!


Can you get me information on a theatre to visit?
I have several options for you. What area would you like to visit a theater in?
Hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. I would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.
The Mumford Theatre in the centre of town is well known. Their number is 08451962320 and they are in the cb1pt postcode. I'm sorry, I don't have entrance fee info.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat. Maybe [Italian] food?
We have fifteen Italian restaurants. Do location or price range matter?
I'd like someplace expensive in the center.
I have 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest [Caffe Uno]. They have wonderful food and great service. They are located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
that sounds great. Could you book 7 people for [16:00] on Sunday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N831LHZU
Great. Thanks for all your help!
You're sure welcome! Can I help you further?
Could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?
I will need to know your departure time to book the taxi..
I'm really not to sure.
I've booked a taxi from [mumford theatre] arriving at [Caffe Uno] before your [16:00] reservation. You will be taking a yellow Lexus and can reach the driver at 07565050556
That's perfect. Thanks so much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.
okay, have a great trip! Bye!


Can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi to stay at?
There are over 20 results. Can we narrow it down by choosing a price range or area you'd like to stay in?
Any area would be okay. I would like for the guest house to have a 4 star rating.
If price doesn't matter I recommend [acorn guest house] it's moderately priced in the north and has free parking and internet. Would you like to book that one?
ok. book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VWCR071O . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a [Moroccan] restaurant please!
I'm sorry, but I can't locate any Moroccan restaurants. Is there another type of restaurant that you would like?
No. That's the type of food I wanted.
We have lots of different types of cuisine at the restaurants around town. Can I help you find another that you might like to try?
how about an expensive [indian] restaurant in the east?
There are two Indian restaurants in the east that meet your needs. May I recommend [Pipasha Restaurant] on Newmarket Road? The chef has created an incredible menu.
Sounds great. Can i have their address and phone please
Certainly. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786.
That's everything I needed, thank you for your help!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


Looking for a place to go to in the centre area that has interesting architecture.
The holy trinity church is located in Centre and has interesting architecture its located on market street and its postcode and phone number is cb23nz and 01223355397
That sounds like just what I was looking for.
Excellent! Have a great day!
One more thing, could you help me find a train from cambridge?
I'd be happy to! Can you tell me more about your trip, such as your destination and when you'd like to travel?
I'm heading to Bishops Stortford, and I need to arrive by [14:00] on Friday.
I would recommend the TR3847 train that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?
Is there anything a little later in the day? 6 am is rather early.
How about Train TR8078? It leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07.
Thats perfect,can you book it for me ?
Yes, how many tickets would you like?
Actually I want to book it myself. Can I just get the price and travel time on that?
The price is 10.10 pounds. The travel time is 38 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much! I appreciate all your help.
No problem. Just want to make sure you have all of the information you need?
That is all I needed. Thank you and goodbye!
That will be all. You're welcome, goodbye!
Goodbye! Have a great day!
Feel free to call in case you need something.


Hello, I need a train to come in at [8 am].
Where would you like the train to take you?
I need to leave from cambridge and get to Kings Lynn by [8:00] on Saturday.
The TR2973 leaves from cambridge on Saturday at 07:11 and arrives at kings lynn at 07:58. If you want one that leaves more time there is one an hour earlier.
That one will work, can you get me 7 tickets please?
Alright, I've booked that and it was successful. Your Reference number is D2D4VN6F and the total fee is 62.72 GBP. Anything else?
That's all for today. Have a great one!
Thank you, you have a great day as well. Let me know if you need help with anything else.


I would like find some information about a train. Specifically, I'm looking for details about a train that leaves Tuesday after [11:15].
Can I get information on where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from London Kings Cross.
The TR7850 leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.
The reference number is 6SCORZPY .
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [modern european] food in the expensive price range. What do you find available?
The only place in town like that is [Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop]. It's in the center of town. Would you like a table?
Can you just give me their phone number and postcode?
Certainly! Their phone number is 01223505015 postcode cb11n. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. I appreciate the help.
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!


Are there any 4 star hotels in Cambridge?
How many days will you stay and how many people will be staying with you?
Firstly, before that, I need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the cheap price range.
There are 8 options. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
A hotel is fine if you have it please.
The only hotel that fits is on the west side. It's called The [Cambridge Belfry]. Does that sound like it will work for you? I can book it if you like.
That is fine. I need it for 8 people starting Monday for 4 nights. Can I please have the reference number as well?
The booking was unsuccessful? Would you like to try for a different day or a different number of days?
Can you try it for 2 nights?
They do indeed have rooms for you for two nights. Your reference number is QX5FHJVD . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can I get a train to the Stansted Airport?
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday after [21:00]. What options do I have?
There are 3 trains that are going to the Stansted Airport after 21:00. We have train ID TR4364 that leaves at 21:40, should I book that for you?
Yes, please. I would like to book tickets for 8 people on that train - how much will that cost?
Yes the total cost of 8 tickets was 80.80 pounds. I have a booking reference number for you. It is WQTGD7S4 . Thank you for calling.
What is the arrival time for that train?
The arrival time is 22:08. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!
Enjoy your trip.


Are there any [Australian] food places in the south part of town?
I was not able to find any Australian restaurants in the south part of town
Are you sure? I am really looking for an expensive Australian place to dine in the south.
Yes, there are no expensive Australian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, lets keep the same area but see if there might be an [Indian] restaurant instead.
How about [Taj Tandoori]? It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the south side.
Okay. I want to book a table for 5 people at [16:30] on sunday.
I was not able to book you a table for this time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you see if a table is available at [15:30]?
I was able to book a table of 5 for 15:30 at Taj Tandoori on Sunday. Your reference number is HJZCPH80, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great thank you for your help today.
It was my pleasure. Was there anything else I could assist you with?
No, that's it for today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling in, enjoy!


I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.
I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by [12:30].
I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.
Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge].
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Okay can I book that for 2 people for 5 nights from Tuesday.
Absolutely! I've got you booked under reference number QF965O6O . What else can I help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today.
Great - have a wonderful day!


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, in Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
Could I have the phone number, postcode please.
The phone number is 01223245151. The post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
welcome. at your service next time
Have a nice day!
You as well and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I need a cheap restaurant that serves [creative] food.
We don't have any of those, sad to say. Want to broaden the search?
How about any restaurants that serves creative food.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any creative restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Ok, well what do we have in the north area?
There are several good options for dining in the north area. Do you have a preference for price range?
How about a cheap [Indian] restaurant?
There is one cheap Indian restaurant in the north, [Royal Spice]. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I can do that. Could you give me the phone number? Also, the address with postcode?
Sure. The number there is 01733553355.
What about the postcode and the address?
They are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Postcode is cb41eh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


Please help me arrange for a taxi
Where is your departure site?
I'd like to leave [aylesbray lodge guest house] by [12:15]
Ok, and what is your destination please?
I'm going to ask.
Ok, please let me know when you know.
Ok, we want to be at the [tall monument].
I do not see anything called Tall Monument. Is there another name for it?
We actually want to go to Ask.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow audi Contact number : 07180084574
Just to be sure a yellow taxi will get me from aylesbray lodge guest house to [Ask] by 12:15, correct?
No, you will be picked up in a grey ford, contact number 07998569074, is that ok?


Find me a moderately priced [french] restaurant
Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that match that.
What about an [Indian] restaurant in the same price range?
That I can do. There are four restaurants available that meet the criteria. I'd recommend Meghna. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you that will be all
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Actually, I'm also looking for a train. I'll need it to go to Cambridge on Sunday.
there is a train leaving london kings cross at 05:17.
I'm looking for one that arrives by [16:15], ideally.
Train ID TR6578 will be perfect for you. It will be arriving Cambridge from london liverpool street by 15:07 except if you do not want to depart from london liverpool street.
perfect book for 5 people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GAZ4RCN9 .
Thank you that is all I need.
Ok great, have a wonderful day.


Can I get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?
The [Curry Prince] is in the east part of town and in the moderatre price range. The address for the Curry Prince is, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What type of food do they serve?
The Curry Prince serve's Indian food, may I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Your welcome, Have a good day


I'm looking for a [british] restaurant in the east.
The [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] is a British restaurant on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range. Would you be interested in booking a reservation there?
Yes, please book a table for 2 at [19:00].
Ok. What day and time would you like me to book a table for 2 at the grafton hotel restaurant?
That should have been for 7 people at [18:00] on Wednesday. Sorry bout that.
Okay. 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday at the grafton hotel restaurant. I will book a table for you.
Please do that.
Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. The reference number is X4Q5EFX1 . Do you need anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge. Leaving after [13:00].
Yes where will you be leaving from?
I am actually leaving from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.
Okay there are quite a few. When would you like to arrive by?
Anytime is fine, can I have a reference number?
I have booked you for TR5094, it leaves at 14:01, arrives at 15:01 and the cost is 17.90 pounds, the reference number is VMDV3HHZ
Great! I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
Thank you have a great day.
Thank you, you as well.
It's been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to stay.
I can help. We have 18 moderately priced hotels. Do you have any additional preferences?
I prefer the south part of town if you have anything.
I have 2 Guesthouses available for what you need. Do you want information on one of them?
Yes, please. Do either have free wifi?
Both of the guesthouses have free wifi and free parking. I would recommend the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] due to it being 4 stars.
Great! Can you book that for me?
Yes, tell me what day are you arriving, how long is your stay, and for how many people?
There wilI be 4 of us arriving on Saturday, and staying for 3 nights.
Wonderful. Your room has been booked for 3 nights. Your reference number is HH78SJFP . Is there anything else I can help with?
Not that is it thanks.
Thank you if you need any more help please let us know.


Hi, would you be able to recommend a museum?
Sure. There are 23 different museums in the city. Is there an area of town or type of museum you were most interested in?
I don't have a preference. Can you please recommend one?
I would recommend the [byard art]. Will that work?
That would be perfect. May I get the area, phone number and address?
Yes, the address is 14 King's Parade. Was there anything else you would like to know?
What about the area and phone number?
The Byart Museum is located in the South area and the phone number is: 01223464646.
I am also looking for a restaurant.
What type of cuisine you looking for so I can narrow my search ?
A [Swiss] restaurant in the West.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any Swiss restaurants in the West. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Can you please try [Indian] food instead.
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west. They are all expensive. I recommend [cocum].
Alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at [19:15]. I will need a reference number as well
I am sorry, but it appears that the restaurant booking system is down right now. Can I help you with something else?
Can you help me get a taxi?
Certain, do you want that to or from the restaurant?
I will be going from the museum to the restaurant.
Do you know what time you would like to arrive since our system is down for booking the restaurant?
Can you try to book at [18:15] instead first, no sense in setting a taxi time to the restaurant without a reservation
I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is SSCJDA5F .
Great! I want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
You taxi booking has been completed! Lookout for a blue skoda, contact number 07784289735. Can I help with something else?
I have the museum, restaurant and taxi lined up. That's everything. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful trip and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.


am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
I have two choices in that area and price range. Would you prefer Italian or Vietnamese?
I would prefer [Vietnamese].
[Thanh Binh] is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the west. Shall I book a reservation for you?
Yes please. I'd like it to be for Tuesday at [12:00].
How many people should I make the reservation for?
There will be 7 of us.
The booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KH5F18TN . Anything else I may assist you with?
No that's it. Thanks for your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day!


Hi, I need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please.
I have 21 4 star places, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The North part of town, please.
There are quite a few. If you'd like a cheap alternative, I can recommend Worth House, on Chesterton Road. Or for a moderate rate, Kirkwood House is next door.
Could you book the [Kirkwood House] for me for thursday, 6 people and 5 nights?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6G15LHZM . Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi. I would like to book a taxi to the [Chiquito Restaurant Bar]. I will need to be picked up at the [Ely Train Station].
What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive by [13:15] please.
I have booked your taxi from ely train station to chiquito restaurant bar to arrive by 13:15. Booked car type red toyota, contact number 07582230600. May I help with anything else?
No, that is it. Thanks!
Sounds good, let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.
Is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
No, I just want an expensive place in the centre.
I have about 33 different restaurants, but if you are looking for a recommendation I would say stop by [Loch Fyne] and try their amazing [seafood]!
That sounds lovely - what is their cuisine type?
Loch Fyne serves wonderful seafood. Does that sound like something you'd be interested in?
Yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to Stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by [11:15]
Okay, what day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I want to travel on Friday. My departure station is in Cambridge.
Would you like me to book it for you ?


I'm looking for a place to in the centre, perhaps a college.
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Would you prefer a college without an entrance fee?
No preference. Can you make a recommendation and give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee?
christ's college is great. the address is st andrews st, free entrance & their number is 01223334900, anything else?
I need a train on Saturday after [14:30].
Where are you leaving from and traveling to?
I need to travel to Norwich from Cambridge after 14:30.
The TR1156 leaves at 15:16. Will that work for you?
Yes can I have an arrival time please?
The arrival time is 16:35.
Okay thank you for your help.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.


Hello! I was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.
There are 3 hotels that meet your search. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced hotel?
I would like a moderate priced hotel please.
How about Cityroomz, the don't have free parking though.
Parking is not important. Can you book [Cityroomz] for three people staying 2 nights starting Friday.
There is no rooms available for two nights. Would you like to shorten your stay or try one of the other 2 hotels?
How about one night?
Yes that worked! You are booked into the hotel for one night and your reference number is UOW30ZYV .
Thank you for that! I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge from Leicester. Can you help me with that?
Certainly, there are trains from Cambridge to Leicester every hour at 21 past the hour from 05:21 to 23:21. Do you have a date or time in mind?
I need one that arrives in Cambridge by [8:45] on Friday.
I have the TR2293 leaving cambridge at 6:21 and arriving at 8:06. Would you like me to book that one for you.
Yes please I need that for 3 people please
Your reservation is all set, reference number 8BIYBUOJ
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for today.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


Hi there, I'm looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free.
Sure, there are many options with free internet and parking. What area of town do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference. I wold just like a 4 star moderate.
The acorn guest house fits your needs! It has a four star rating and is located in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Maybe, but are they expensive? I would like something moderately priced if possible.
No the Acorn Guest House is moderately priced. I can book it for you if you would like.
What type of hotel is it?
It is a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
Okay, that's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


Can you point me in the direction of a hospital?
Yes, Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd., Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Is there a particular department you need?
No, but I would like the main phone number, please.
The phone number is 01223245151.
Great, thank you very much for your help.
I am very glad to assist you today. Good bye!


I'm looking for a hotel, I'm excited to see some tourist attractions so there needs to be free parking.
There are several with free parking. Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Maybe you could suggest one in the moderate price range.
[Acorn Guest House] in the north has 4 stars and offers parking.
Sounds great! Does it have free wifi?
The Acorn Guest House does offer free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not ready to book just yet. Could you just give me the phone number?
Sure! The phone number to the Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I was looking to find some place to go in town.
there are about 79 cool places to check out in town
Well give me your favorite
I like the Riverboat Georgina myself. Do you want the number there?
I would like a cinema.
I have two cinemas in town for you, the Cineworld Cinema and Vue Cinema. Would you like information on any of these?
I'd prefer a cinema that's in the south part of town.
The cineworld cinema is in the south part of town at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That sounds great. Can you provide me with Cineworld Cinema's postcode and phone number please?
No problem. Their number is 00872208000 and their postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!
Great! Glad to have been of assistance. Thanks for using our service.


I want a hotel that has free parking.
There are several, got a price range, or area of town you'd like to stay in?
I want to stay in the northern part of town.
[Ashley hotel] is in the north in the moderate price range with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, please reserve a room.
I'd be happy to help with your request, but I'll need to know what day you're arriving, how many are staying and for how many nights?
Never mind. I want to know is this a guesthouse. If not I need one.
No its not but the [Hamilton Lodge] is one. would you like a room?
Sure. Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number? I also need an attraction in the same area of town.
The postcode for Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and their phone is 01223365664. They're in the moderate price range.
I also need a place to go in the same area as the hotel.
We have a couple swimming pools, a park, and a riverboat in the area, do you have a preference?
A park sounds nice. What are my options?
MIlton County Park is a favorite amongst locals and tourist in the north part of town.
That sounds wonderful! I will need a taxi to commute please.
Absolutely, what time do you prefer?
I want to leave [Milton] County Park by [06:15] to return to [Hamilton Lodge], please.
I booked you a white tesla. In case you need to reach them, their number is 07906803720. Will that be all for today?
yes,that will do for now thanks
i am glad to help. Enjoy !
Thank you I don't need anything else, goodbye.
Goodbye and enjoy


I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Of course. There are two hotels in the north and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?
I'm sorry but nothing exists in the north with a 4 star rateing in the moderate price range. Could we try another area?
is there one in the cheap range?
No, there is not.
Oh goodness. Can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west. Cheap is fine.
The [cambridge belfry] is located at back lane, cambourne. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yeah book for 5 people
For how many days?
Will this start on Friday?
Ok i'm sorry but i'm confused. Would you like reservations? What day will it start? How many people?
I'm sorry for the confusion. I would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning Friday, at the Cambridge Belfry.
You are all booked and your reservation number is L76Y47ZV
Thank you for the reservation. I am also looking for a lovely park in north Cambridge.
I would suggest [Milton country park].
What is the address and phone number?
The phone number is 01223420060.
I also need a taxi between the two places.
Please give me the travel time, departure location and arrival location.
i want to leave the hotel by [4:30]
What time do you need to leave the restaurant by?
I want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.
Great your booking is complete. You will be picked up in a grey BMW by 4:30 at The Cambridge Belfry and dropped off at the Milton Country Park.
Do you have their contact number?
Their contact number is 07055906987. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [french] restaurant in the north of Cambridge.
I've found [restaurant two two] at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.
Thank you, I would prefer the expensive price range, does that fall in that range?
Yes, it's an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 3 at [14:30] on Friday please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LNYGVM1C . Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that goes to Kings Lynn and leaves [after 12:15.]
I have a train TR0674 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58. Would you like to reserve this?
Does it leave on saturday, departing from cambridge?
Yes it does, would you like tickets?
Yes, I'd like 3 tickets, please, along with the reference number.
On saturday the train at 13:11 is actually the TR7673, and you're booked with reference number VTO5IV0F . The fee will be 23.52 at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks. That will be it for today. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service, have a nice day


I'm looking to eat at a place that serves [british] food in the east part of town.
I have found the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] at 619 Newmarket Road. Would like a reservation?
Is the restaurant in the expensive price range?
Yes it is in the expensive price range.Do you want the address ?


Can you help me find a train arriving by [12:45] going to birmingham new street?
What city are you departing from?
i'm leaving from cambridge
Can you give me the day you are traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. May I please have the travel time?
Travel times for all trains on that route are 163 minutes. The TR2576 would get you to Birmingham New Street at 11:44.
Thanks. Can you also look up information on [Lovell Lodge] hotel?
The Lovell Lodge hotel is located in the north that is 2 stars. It has moderate pricing, free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223425478.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.
You're welcome, have a great day.


What type of attractions are in the centre?
I found 44 things. what about [all saints church]?
That sounds cool! Can I get their address, postcode, and entrance fee?
The address is jesus lane, the post code is cb58bs, and it's free to enter. Is there anything else?
I'd also like to find a guesthouse to stay in.
Most of the accommodations in Cambridge are guesthouses, so I'm sure we can find something for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Well I would like a 4-star place with free wifi, if possible.
I have found 18 guesthouses that would work. Perhaps we can narrow this down. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Can we make that a hotel instead?
There are 2 hotels in the west and one in the centre. the one in the centre is cheap and the other two are expensive.
Okay, thanks! Are they both 4-star?
They are all 4 star. Do you have a price preference?
I'm sorry, I haven't been clear. I am looking for a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is there a 4-star guesthouse with free wifi?
I have many options. what area would you like to be in ?
It doesn't matter what area. I'll need free wifi. I need to book for 5 people for 2 nights starting Monday. I'll need the reference number please.
How about price. Is there a certain range you want to stay in?
Not really. What's your recommendation?
I have the [Allenbell], East area, cheap price and a guesthouse. Shall I book that?
Yes go ahead and book it for 5 people and two nights starting this Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BD7V5LON .
that is all for now thatk you.
you are welcome
thank you again
enjoy your stay
I really have to go now. I'm going to be late for work. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.
thanks for using our services


I am looking for a train.
I'd be happy to help with your request. What day will you be travelling and what is your destination?
I'll be heading to peterborough on thursday
these are the available options trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR7098 cambridge peterborough thursday 05:06 05:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes TR4745 cambridge peterborough thursday 05:34 06:24 16.50 pounds 50 minutes TR9932 cambridge peterborough thursday 06:06 06:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes TR8769 cambridge peterborough thursday 06:34 07:24 16.50 pounds 50 minutes TR6688 cambridge peterborough thursday 07:06 07:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome! Make sure to let us know if you'd like to book anything!


I want a cheap [portuguese] restaurant. Give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
[Nandos] is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south area. The phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a train. I need to leave on Wednesday from Norwich.
Any idea where you want to go?
I am looking to go to Cambridge.
To help narrow down the choices, what time would you like to depart at?
i'm leaving after [09:00].
how about TR1180 that leaves at 09:16?
What is the Price and travel time?
It is 17.60 pounds per person and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Ok great, can you book it for me please?
You are booked fee will be 17.6 payable at the station, the refernece number is BT2I3WGS . Anything else today?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
welcome nice travel


Hello, can you give me information on [williams art and antiques]? I need their address, phone, and postcode please. Is there an admission fee? Will I need taxi from Cambridge?
That museum is located in the centre and is free admission.
what is their postcode?
The address for Williams art is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery with postcode cb12lj
Thank you, I need to find an [Indian] restaurant in the south that is expensive.
The Taj Tandoori meets all your requirements, should I go ahead and book it for you?
Yes, book it please and can I have the address. Thank you
The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Take care!
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful trip!


Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any parks in the east part of town?
Yes we have [cherry hinton water play] park.
Yes, that sounds like someplace for me to visit. Is it free? Also, I'll need the postcode and phone number.
Yes, they have free admission. Their phone number is 01223446100. The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Saturday.
Where will you be coming from?
I need to leave london liverpool street and get there by [18:30]
The TR5863 train will get you to Cambridge by 17:07, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that will be fine.
Will you be needing one or more seats on that trip?
Actually, I don't need it booked. Can you tell me what time it leaves?
Train TR5863 will be departing at 15:39. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their price and the travel time?
You would be on the train for 88 minutes and it is 13.28 pounds. May I assist you with anything else today?
no, thank you. that is all.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Thanks you too.
Feel free to contact us anytime in the future.


Can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need parking.
I have 4 but need to know what area you would like to stay in?
Well I would like a guesthouse. Does that limit what area I can book in?
The east and the north.
Can you tell me if they have free internet and the star rating for each?
There are moderately-priced guesthouses in 4 areas. Most have free parking, two don't, but if parking doesn't matter, any of them should do; Archway House in the north is very nice.
I also need a restaurant.
There are nine restaurants in the north area. Do you have a preference of food type?
Actually, I have a certain restaurant in mind. It's called [Royal Standard]. Can you tell me about it?
I'm sorry but it must have closed as I am not finding any information on it. Can we look up another venue for you?
That's unfortunate. Are you certain you can't find it? I was sure it's still operating.
Ah, here it is. It's an expensive gastropub restaurant in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I need a table for 4 people at [19:15] on Sunday.
I was able to book that, reference number is GTZ8UVJO .
Thanks! I also need a taxi to take me from [Archway House] to the restaurant for that reservation, please.
I've booked a black ford with a contact no. 07568876193. It should arrive by 19:00 15 minutes before the booked time.
thanks. i need to get going so, its time to say goodbye. have a good one.
Can I look up anything else for you today?


Can you help me book some train tickets?
Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stortford at [12:45] on thursday.
You would like to leave bishops stortford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?
Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Yes one ticket to hogwarts please?
Ah, sorry, unfortunately there are no trains leaving to Hogwarts after September 1st.
I am sorry, poor joke. I am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2WI5Y9KV . Anything else I can do?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.
There are no guesthouses that fit your needs. Would you like a hotel? There are several available.
How about one that is cheap?
There are several cheap guesthouses in all areas of Cambridge. Do you have an area preference?
I am not looking in any specific area. A cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. Can you recommend one?
Absolutely! I recommend [Autumn House]. Would you like a reservation?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.
I can help with that! I just need to know your arrival date, the number of people that will be staying, and how many nights you'd like to stay.
Thanks, I need for 3 people for 2 nights. Arrival is on Tuesday.
Sure I have your reservation and the reference number is ZYSDXL09 .
Thank you for all your help. That is all for now.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I am looking to get a guesthouse with a 4 star rating in Cambridge please.
There are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Do you want something in a specific price range or area?
Is there one in the moderate price range that includes free wifi?
I have found 11 locations that suit your criteria. I would recommend Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not quite yet. Do they have free parking? Also, what is their address?
Yes, the sure do. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for an attraction called [The Place].
The Place is a nightclub in the south side of the city.
Thank you, do you have a phone number for them?
Sure do, it's 01223324600. Anything else today?
That's all. Thank you.
Thank you, have a great day


I want something in the north part of town. Moderately priced.
What kind of food would you like?
any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the north part of town.
Golden wok is located in the north part of town, is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
I've actually had a bad experience at the Gold Wok. Is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
Would you instead be interested in The [Nirala], which serves Indian food?
Sounds good. What is the postcode and phone number?
The post code and phone number for The Nirala is C.B 4, 1 U.Y and phone is 01223 360966
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I want to find a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and is moderately priced. Can you help?
Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be on the east side. The hotel should have a 4 star rating please.
There are 3 guesthouses that meet your needs. 2 of them have free parking along with the Internet, and one does not. Carolina Bed and Breakfast is very nice.
Ok, [Carolina B&B] it is. Can you book me a room for 1 person staying 5 nights on Sunday please?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is BCT54NA8 . May I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a train. Can you help me?
Definitely. When were you wanting to travel?
I need it to go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.
Im getting the info up now, what date and time?
I'd like to arrive by [13:45] on sunday.
The TR8285 arrives by 12:54. Would you like me to book this one?
I don't need a ticket just yet. Can you tell me the total cost per ticket, though?
All available tickets cost 30.24 pounds each. What else can I do for you?
That will be all for the day, thank you.
Enjoy your trip.
I hope to. Thanks again. Bye.
Have a nice day.


Good Afternoon. I am trying to find an [Indian] restaurant to eat at. I would prefer something expensive. Can you help me?
There are several Indian restaurants to choose from. What area of town would you like?
I would like it to be in the center. I will need a number, address and postcode.
The [Curry Garden] is good. It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp. The phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to reserve it?
Thank you for all that information. Yes, I would like to make a reservation.
Great, when would you like the reservation and for how many should I reserve it for?
Yes, I would like a reservation for one please.
What day and time would you like to go?
I've changed my mind, I don't want to book it yet. Can you give me the area, address, and phone number, please?
Certainly. Curry Garden is in the city centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223302330. What other information can I get for you?
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I'm going to need a train on Wednesday. I need to arrive by [16:00].
Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester.
What will be your destination?
I am going to cambridge
There are trains arriving in Cambridge 6 minutes before the hour throughout the day. Which time would be best for you?
As long as i arrive close to 16:00 I am good.
TR 8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54 on Wednesday. It costs 37.80 pounds. How many tickets can I book for you?
I don't actually need to book at the moment. I just need to know the departure time and travel time for this train, if you don't mind.
Sure. The TR8292 departs at 13:09. The ride is 105 minutes long. Do you have any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye!
Thank you, and have a pleasant trip. Goodbye.


I'd like to find a [Thai] restaurant in the center.
I have one entry for [bangkok city] would you like more information?
Yes, please. Is it expensive?
It is expensive. Do you need something less expensive?
No, that is perfect. I would like to book a table for 5 people on Wednesday at [11:00].
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 23DPN5A7 . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I also need a place to stay
Okay. What area are you interested in and what is your desired price-range?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.
There are 16 four-star guesthouses with your requirements. Are you looking to stay in the centre of town?
In the Centre is fine. Can you please check to see if any offer internet?
I see one option here. It is [alexander bed and breakfast]. Would you like to book?
Does the hotel also offer internet?
Yes, alexander bed and breakfast has Internet. Do you want to book it?
I do not want to book it at this time.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address of the guesthouse?
yes sure its 56 saint barnabas road
I'll need a taxi to take me to [bangkok city] from the hotel and arrive by [11:00].
A grey lexus is booked for you. The contact number is 07699737690.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I need to find a train that is going to arrive in stevenage by [11:45].
The latest train arriving in Stevenage is for 10:10 and there are several: TR6334, TR8290, TR7542.
Which one would you like to book?
That's all up to you!
book TR6334 and get me the train ID please
TR6334 is the train ID, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, book one for me please. And please make sure this is for Sunday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 92RW4C6C .
I didn't need to book a seat, I just needed a train ID number.
As mentioned before the train number is TR6334, you did ask me to book. One more time, what exactly did you need?
Sorry about the confusion, I just need a train from Steveage to Cambridge that arrives by 11:45. I just need the train ID.
TR2860 arrives at 10:43.
Thank you that was everything. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I need a taxi to come to [rajmahal] and want to go to [kohinoor].
Certainly, and do you know what time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave by 08:00.
Ok, when do you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by [14:00] and it doesn't matter when I leave actually
You're all set! Your car type is a yellow BMW and the contact number is 07365584187.
Thank you so much. You have been so helpful. Goodbye.
Bye, have a great night!


I'm looking for a guest house, please.
There are many guesthouses in Cambridge! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
No but I want it to be in the north and have free parking.
[Hamilton lodge] is a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range. It has free parking and wifi. Can I reserve a room for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, but thank you for the information!
Was there anything else I can help you with today?
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please
Reference number is : UKUNO9II . Is there anything else?
Thank you much. I have heard raves about a certain [restaurant called two two]. Do you have any info on it?
I found restaurant two two it serve French cuisine is in north and the price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes, please. I want a table for 2 people on thursday at [11:00]. Please give me the reference number too.
Okay, your booking was successful, the reference number is lQU2HDTO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No actually, that was all I wanted help with today! Thanks a whole bunch!! Goodbye
Thank you , have a good one!


Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves [Indian] food.
There are 22 results for Indian restaurants, do you have a particular price range in mind, or area you'd like to dine in?
How about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.
Sure, I'd recommend the [Royal Spice] restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes that sounds great. There will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for [15:15] on Saturday, please.
We were able to book that table for you! Would you like your reference number?
Yes, I do need that number, please.
Sure thing! It is P4ZW4FGI .
Great I also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town
There are 8 guesthouses with your preferences. Will you be needing internet or parking?
yes both. reference number please?
I can try to get you a booking at [A[rchway House]]. What day will you be checking in, how many will be staying, and for how many nights?
There will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. I will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.
Let's get your hotel booked and then we will do the taxi. I have you booked at Archway House on Saturday. Reference number is C1419C84 .
Ok great, can we get a taxi booked now? I need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.
Where would you like to taxi to pick you up from?
[Royal spice], please
Great! I have a red honda picking you up. Your contact number is 07485551349. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that will be all for now, thanks. Bye.
I'm glad help and hope you have a pleasant trip.


I'm looking for an entertainment spot in town.
We have choices in the South, East, and West. Do you have a preference for any location?
No, just tell me one you think is nice.
Try the [nusha]. It is in the south. Their phone number is 01223902158
May I also get the postcode, the address, and the entrance fee?
The address and postcode for Nusha are unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy. There is no entrance fee information available.
Great! Thank you very much.
Glad I could help. Do you need anymore assistance?
No, that is all for today. Thank you
Thanks for using our service today. Goodbye!


I would like to find something to do in the west part of the city.
If you like museums, you can check out the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum] on 2-3 Castle Street or Kettle's Yard also on castle street
That sounds great. Can you find the address and phone number for me?
The Cambridge and County Folk Museum's number is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 Castle Street.
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving Stevenage on Friday?
Yes, the train runs every two hours from morning until late night. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, on any one that leaves anytime after [19:15]
The earliest train after your specified time is TR4969 that departs at [19:54]. If this is acceptable, shall I book just 1 seat?
Yes please just 1 seat.
Your reference number is 688IIT9D . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye
Alright have a great evening!


I need a taxi to pick me up from [carolina bed and breakfast] and take me to [ali baba].
Sure. What time would you like to leave?
by [10:00], what is the car type and can I get a contact number?
it is a grey volvo and the contact number is 07985302391
That's all I need for today, thank you for your help.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


Im looking for a restaurant called [sitar tandoori], can you help?
Yes the Sitar Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the East. Would you like me to book it for you?
Just the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223249955.
I also need to find a train going to Ely on Friday.
There are 10 trains traveling to Ely on Friday and are all departing from Cambridge. Is there a particular time you are wanting to leave?
Well, let's see. I need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs Cambridge some time [after 08:00?]
Sure, the train TR8792 leaves at 09:50. Will that work?
Yes, can you make a booking for 4 people please.
I have your four seats reserved. The reference number is dgdl8o65 . Can I assist you in any other ways?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.
Have a great day!


I am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. I would like for it to be in the east section of town.
There are six entries, do you have any other preferences in hotel choice?
I'd like a 4 star place that's on the pricier side.
There are no 4 star expensive guesthouses on the East side of town. Would you be interested in a cheap or moderately priced one instead?
I would like one that is cheap then.
[Autumn house] is cheap and has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you book the reservation for Saturday for 5 guests for a 2 night stay. Thanks.
Sorry, there are no rooms available for your specifications. Do you want to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Try for 1 night instead. If that works, can I have the reference number?
How about the Autumn House for 1 night starting Saturday and your reference number is SVCIWLWA .
I also need to find something called [gonville and caius college], can you help?
Gonville and Caius College is located in the center of town on Trinity Street. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the postcode?
No problem, the postal code is cb21ta. Did you need the phone number as well?
No thanks - I'm all set. Thank you for your help today.
You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.


I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by [12:30].
I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.
When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?
I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07. Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
How about [bridge house]? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?
It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?


I'm looking for a restaurant recommendation.
I would love to assist. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a expensive [scottish] restaurant.
Sorry there are no records matching your request. Would you like to change your request?
Okay, let's try for an expensive [Italian] restaurant instead.
I have 5 different ones. 4 are in the centre of town and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need a resrvation for 7 people at [17:45] on monday.
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 42WW4454 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you. Could you help me find a museum that is in the east?
Yes, you might want to try the [gallery at twelve a high street] in fulbourn.
Thank you so much. Do you know if there is an admission charge?
Great news, admission is free for that museum. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you also tell me the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223295264, and postcode is cb15dh.
Great! Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for allowing me to help you, have a great day.
You too! Thanks.
You are very welcome.


I need assistance in finding the Parkside police station
I have that telephone 01223358966 and adress Parkside, Cambridge with postcode : CB11JG
Thank you for your help.
Thank you goodbye


I am looking for a hotel, the [Alpha-Milton Guest House].
It is located in the north at 63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?
What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.
Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.
I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.
When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?


Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?
What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.
How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.
The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after [15:45]?
The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?
The reference number is MNKWT71T . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.
Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking. Can you find something fitting this?
I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the [Ashley Hotel] on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
You're all booked. Reference number is IF53LR3M . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all.
Thank you. Good bye.


Help me please, i just been robbed and don't know what to do.
Please contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966.
Thank you, what's the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG. Do you need further assistance?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.
The Curry Prince is on the east side of town.
Do they serve [chinese] food?
No they do not serve Chinese food, however the [Yu Garden] does and is in the east side.
What is the address?
Yu Garden's address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, what is the price range?
Yu Garden is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address and phone number?
I already got the address, thank you. That is all I needed. Good bye.
thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a [Modern Eclectic] place to dine in the Cambridge North End tonight.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
I would not. I prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located north.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a [chinese] restaurant in the same area, same price range?
No problem. I have Hakka at Milton Road Chesterton. How many would you like me to reserve for?
I only need the phone number and postcode.
The phone number is 01223568988 and the postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else you would like for me to do?
Is Milton Road Chesterton the full address for Hakka? I also need a train to cambridge.
Yes, that's the full address. For the train, where are you coming from and on what day and time?
I need to go from stevenage to cambridge on Friday, leaving after [8:00].
There are 8 trains the closest one to 8:00 leaves at 9:54, would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you place a booking for 6 people on that train and provide a reference number?
Yes, you're all set on TR0601 at 11:54 with reference number CXZ3WY2N . The total fee of 76.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Great thank you very much that should be all
Thank You. Have a good day, goodbye.


I need to take a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [16:45].
Where will you be going?
I'll be leaving from London Liverpool Street. Oh, and I'd like to travel on Saturday, please.
There are 6 trains to choose from that day, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave?
I need it to arrive by [6:30] and I need it for 3 people.
Ok. TR7909 leaving at 23:39 and arriving at 01:07 is booked for 3 people. Reference 00PENVQG . 39.83 payable at the station
Thanks. Can you also tell me some information on the [Maharajah Tandoori restaurant]?
The maharajah tandoori restaurant serves indian foodon the west side. It is in the expensive price range. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Anything else?
That's all. Thank you.
Have a nice train trip!


I'm looking for any type of architectural attractions in town. Do you have any recommendations?
I could not find any attraction that match your request. Can I look for museums?
There are no architectural attractions anywhere in town?
All saints church is listed as architecture, would you like to go there?
Sure, that sounds good. Could you give me the information on [All Saints Church]?
It is in the centre located at Jesus Lane and the entrance is free. Their phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs? Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
Sure! I have a few places in mind, but can you tell me if you prefer a particular area?
I'm just looking for something that is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is available, would that work for you?
can you book for 4 people 5 nights and get me the reference number please?
from what day should i book?
Starting Thursday.
You have a room booked for Thursday. Reference number is U3DO9AJP . Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you and goodbye.


I'm taking a tour of colleges and I've heard that Cambridge is the place to go. Can you tell me about some you have there?
We have many nice ones. What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't matter. I'm interested in a college type attraction. I also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. Thanks.
christ's college is in the centre on saint andrew's street and its free
Thanks! If it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called [da vinci pizzeria]?
Of course! They are a great italian restaurant in the north part of town. They are usually very cheap. It's located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 6 people at [18:30] on Wednesday?
I've reserved a table for six on Wednesday at [18:30]. Your reference number is NT05QS6A . Please note that they will hold the table for 15 minutes after your reserved time.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from [christ's college] to the restaurant.
Your taxi has been booked and the car will be a yellow volkswagen and their contact number is 07597491842. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. You've been quite helpful.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


I want some entertainment in the centre. What do you have?
I'm sorry, there is not anything in the centre. There are some venues in all of the other areas though. Do you have a second preference?
Are there any musems in centre?
There are 11. What kind of museum would you like to visit?
Could you just pick one for me?
How about [castle galleries]?
Sounds interesting. What is their address with postcode? Is it free?
It is free! The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street cb23bj Do you need anything else?
I need a place to stay. Can you suggest a hotel in the centre of town?
Of course, there are three hotels in the centre. Do you have any particular needs?
I would like moderate pricing and 4 stars please
Sorry, no places matching that query. Would you like to change your area, type, star rating, or price range?
Type does not matter. Please try the search again without type specified
I am still having issues finding a hotel for you, would you please restate your criteria one more time?
Okay. I don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 4 stars, and in the centre.
I found the [University Arms Hotel], would you like me to book it for you?
Is that 4 stars and in the moderate price range?
It is 4 stars in the expensive price range. They also have parking and wifi. Would you like me to book this?
No need to book it, just give me the address please
The address for the University Arms Hotel is Regent Street.
Okay thank you I won't be needing any more from you today. Goodbye
Its been such a pleasure talking to someone as polite and eloquent as you, enjoy your day.


Are there any museums you can recommend?
Well, there are 23 museums to choose from. If you give me a specific area I can narrow down the choices.
No how about you pick on and give me the entrance fee if any and the phone number please
The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and its phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
Great I'm also looking to travel to london kings cross on monday by train
Did you have any preference for departure or arrival times?
As early as possible in the morning.
The TR7075 meets your criteria. It leaves at [5:00]. Would you like to make a booking?
Does that train depart from Cambridge?
Yes, it departs from Cambridge
Why did I ask this? Of course it would be cambridge Sorry, my mistake. Please book me for 1 person and I need a reference number.
Your total is 23.6 GBP, which you will pay at the station. Your Reference number is : PQ7PVOTI .
Wonderful, thanks for your help today.
You are very welcome! Safe travels!


I am looking for an attracion called the [cherry hinton hall and grounds].
Ah, yes. Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is an entertainment venue in the East. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, may I please have the phone number?
Sure! The phone number for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is 01223446104. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking a train. The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.
Are you wanting to leave from Cambridge?
Yes I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive by [16:15].
How about the TR7852 train? It arrives in Stevenage at 14:10.
Is there anything that arrives a little closer to 16:15 or is this the best option?
Train TR8135 arrives by 16:10, shall we book that one for you? That is the closest one to that time.
You don't need to book it for me, but could you tell me the travel time and price for that train?
The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the trip would be 49 minutes.
Thank you so much, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Glad to give you the information, contact us again if you need more assistance.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay! What would you like to know?
My best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. It was called [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. Can you tell me a little about that place?
I would be happy to get you that information. It's a guest house located in the west area of town. What else would you like to know?
I think I am ready to book. Can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from Sunday?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is PEA9MNU6 . Will that be all for today?
Actually, I need some information on a train heading into Cambridge.
Where will you be traveling from?
I want to leave Bishops Stortford and arrive in Cambridge by [12:00], please.
TR2061 arrives by 06:07. Will that do?
Yes please book that for 8 people and provide me with the reference number.
Okay, you're all set. I've booked your trip on train TR2061. The total cost is 80.8 GBP, payable at the station, and the reference number is HI5QN7N7 .
Thank you so much! You're very helpful and I appreciate all your work. I'm looking forward to this trip!
Do you need a taxi to or from anywhere?
nope, leave me alone now please
Okay, well have a great day.
Thank you! Bye!
I'm glad I could help you today. Good bye.


I'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called [la margherita].
La Margherita is in the west, cheaply priced, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and can be reached at 01223315232.
What kind of food do they serve there?
It appears they serve Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
You're more than welcome!


I was wanting help with a place to dine in Cambridge.
We have quite a few restaurants. Do you have any preferences as far as locale, price range, or cuisine type?
Yes, we would like something in the centre, expensive [chinese] food would be great.
Great, I have four options for you. I would recommend [HK Fusion].
That sounds great. Can you book me a table for two at [3 p.m.] on Sunday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CJSEN5QP
Perfect. Now, please find me a train leaving after [13:00] on Monday
Certainly. Where will you be traveling?
I would be leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.
How about train TR1898 that leaves at 13:21?
Yes can I please get the arrival time?
That train will arrive in Stevenage by 14:10. Will you be needing to purchase tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Oh, hey, can you tell me where Parkside Police Station is located?
Parkside Police Station is located in Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
the [grafton hotel restaurant] is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range. would you like their information?
Yes please
They are located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A, and phone number 01223 241387. How else may I assist you?
Is there something else?
[Pipasha restaurant] is in the east part of town, and in the expensive price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?
Pipasha Restaurant's phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


I would like a taxi departing from [Warkworth House] and arriving at [Jinling Noodle].
What time did you want to leave warkworth house?
by [23:15] and can I get a contact number and the car type?
A blue BMW will pick you up by 23:15. The contact number is 07304029260.
Thank you so much. Have a great day. Bye.
You're welcome. Have a good day.


I am looking for a [korean] restaurant in the centre.
[Little Seoul] is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Can I get the phone number and price range?
The phone number for Little Seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye
Have a good day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for information in Cambridge......Oh, I should tell you what I'm looking for! How silly of me! Can you please give me some information on [cineworld cinema]?
sure thing it is located in the south I cannot disclose any admission fee's though I am sorry
What is the postcode?
The postcode for Cineworld Cinema is CB17DY. Is there anything else you want to know?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the north, just a 0 star hotel is fine.
Well, city centre [north b and b] should meet your standards, shall I book you?
Does it have free wifi and free parking?
Yes, this hotel provides both of those amenities. Would you like to book a room with me now?
Yes, that would be great, thank you. I need it for 5 nights starting Sunday, and for 6 people.
Ok, your reservation has been made! Reference number IRIC8LC3 . Can I be of any further help?
That's everything I need.
Great. I am happy to hear that. Message me if you need any more assistance.
I also need a taxi. Can you help with that?
Certainly. What side of town will you be leaving from?
Well I'll be leaving from the [cineworld cinema] traveling to the [city centre north b and b] hotel you've just booked for me.
What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the hotel by [21:15] to get to cineworld cinema, please.
Would you like me to book the taxi for you?
Yes that would be great and I need a reference number and number of taxi
The car type of your taxi is a yellow honda anf its contact number is 07342405869.
thank you so much for helping
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.
I'd be glad to help you find a guesthouse, are you looking for something moderately priced or would you like a cheaper option?
I don't care about price range, but I would like to have free parking.
I have a few listings for guesthouses, I will give you the listings for moderate prices as they will be nicer.
Please include post code and phone number with the listings.
The Warkworth House's contact number is 01223363682. The postcode for them is cb11ee. The other moderate priced is Carolina Bed and Breakfast, phone 01223247015 with postcode cb13nx. Anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant. I prefer it to serve [cuban] food and i would like a moderate price range.
There are no moderately priced Cuban restaurants in Cambridge, unfortunately. Would you like me to look up other restaurants in the moderate price range?
How about [chinese] food?
There are four chinese restaurants. Would you rather eat in the north or centre?
North is fine, what is the postcode for that?
In the north is the golden wok, the postcode is cb43hl. Do you need more information on that or with anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time, thank you for your help.
Happy to be or service. Have a wonderful day!


Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant.
There are several restaurants in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference for the type of food or part of town?
located in the east side
There is a moderate priced Indian Restaurant located on the east side, would you like that address?
Yes please, could I have the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue?
[curry prince's] address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 J.J. Their phone number is 01223 566388
Thank you.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you find?
That's it, thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is available, would you like to try that?
Does it have free parking?
And free Wifi, interested?
Yes can you book me a room and send me a reference number?
Sure, what nights were you wanting to stay?
I was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting tuesday.
How many rooms do you need?
Two rooms, and the reference number after booking. Also wanting an entertainment attraction in the centre. If nothing is available, then a park would be fine.
Where would you like the hotel to be located in town?
I've already picked the Alexander bed and breakfast. I need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is 28D4Y8J7 .
Thank you I also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is entertainment.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any entertainment style attractions in the center. Would you like to check a different area?
Do you have any parks instead?
[cambridge university botanic gardens] located at bateman street and entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you arrange a taxi to get me from the [Alexander B&B] to the Botanic Gardens? I want to leave the Alexander by [05:00].
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07054308445 and it will be a blue Lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm going to be in the north part of town next week. Can you help me find a place to stay?
We have 13 places to stay on the north side of town. Do you have any preference of whether you'd like to stay in a hotel or a guesthouse?
Let's see...I'd like to get free internet. And if you have a place with 4 stars, that would rock!
There are quite a few that would meet those requirements. Would you prefer a cheap or moderate rate for your stay?
Honestly, the price range doesn't matter to me. Is there anything you can recommend?
I have the [acorn guest house] that is rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range.
That sounds good. What's its phone number, please?
The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like any other info?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Enjoy your stay and let me know if you need anything else.


i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the [cambridge belfry]
That hotel is in the West and listed as cheap, but still has 4-stars. They provide free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number: MCITLHI8 .
Great! I also need information on multiple sports in the centre.
There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Should we try another area?
How about a museum?
how about [broughton house gallery]? it's free of charge.
That sounds great. Can you please give me the phone number?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223314960.
I would also like a taxi to commute and I would like it [17:45] please and the contact number and the car type, thank you
Okay, where do you want the taxi to pick you up and where will you be going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking out for a White Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07698582191. Anything else for today?
Great! That's it! Thank you!
Thank you and have a good day!


Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after [10:00].
Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.
TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great. Could you please make a booking for seven people?
The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2 . Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on [rosa's] bed and breakfast.
That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town. What would you like to know?
Yes please book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GXVPCRC1 . Is there anything more I can help with?
No that's it, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service today!


I'm interested in going to [The Junction] during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
It is located in the south part of town at clifton way.
Great! Can I get the postcode?
The postcode for The Junction is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that will be all. Thanks and have a good day.
Enjoy your visit to the Junction! Have a great day!
Yes actually I am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 3 star rating and also free parking.
The [Lensfield Hotel] is nice. Would you like a room?
Yes, I sure would. Can you also tell me the address and postcode? Thanks!
cb21en, post code. Adress is 53-57 lensfield road. Shall I book you in?
No, but can you get me a taxi between the two places?
Which place is the departure site and which is the destination?
The departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to [the Junction].
Ok great and what time do you prefer?
Sorry, I actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. And I want to leave the attraction vy [19:45]. Book that please and give me the info.
Done! You'll be picked up in a red Skoda, and the contact number is 07784377878. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.
you are welcome and have a good day


I'm looking for a train please.
There are several trains where are you going?
I am going to Cambridge from Leicester. I am planning to leave on Sunday and I need to be there by [11:45].
If you take the TR1079 at 9:09 you can arrive in Cambridge by 10:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, that sounds great. I would like to book the train for 7 people. What is the reference number?
there is the reference number TR4106
Thank you for your help
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day and please call us again!
Wait, I don't think that's a valid reference number.
35VBB0LK if your reference numbers, what else may I help you with?
Great. Nothing else. Thanks, again. Goodbye for now.
most welcome and safe journey


I'm travelling to cambridge and I need a train leaving after [16:15].
Can you please give me your departure location?
I am leaving from Peterborough.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
The TR0017 train leaves Peterborough at 16:48. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Is there one a little earlier? I'd actually like to leave closer to [13:15].
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No just to leave after 13:15.
then train ID TR4679 suits you. it leaves at 13:19
I'd like to book for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y3MAVYRQ .
Thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a moderate price range? Any type of food will do.
There are two restaurants. They serve either chinese or indian type food. What do you like?
Oooh. I like both of those. Which would you recommend?
I think you will have a great time picking a dish at the [nirala] which serves [indian].
Okay, thanks! Can you please give me the postcode and address?
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41uy. How else can I help you today?
That's all the help I need for today, thank you.
Have a nice day.


I need help finding a 4 star hotel
I have several listed is there a particular area you would like?
no, but I need free parking and wifi.
I have 19 hotels in Cambridge that fit those requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
nah, I just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at moderately priced hotels?
How many of you will be staying there?
1 person, plese.
I have you booked at the [Acorns Guesthouse] the reference number is QQ2N4M7W . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a [jamaican] restaurant that is moderately priced.
Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that fit that criteria.
Is there one in the centre of town maybe?
Sorry to tell you this but we actually have no Jamaican restaurants in cambridge. Maybe you would prefer another type of food
Are there any [Spanish] restaurants available?
There are two spanish restaurants. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. I would like its address and postal code.
La Tasca is at 14 - 16 Bridge Street, CB21UF. La Raza is at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, CB23LL. Would you like a reservation at one of them?
[La Tasca] sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at [12:30]?
How many people are in your group?
I'm sorry, I forgot some of my friends couldn't make it. It will just be myself, and I need the reservation for Wednesday.
Okay, you're all set with a reservation at [La Tasca] on Wednesday at 12:30! The reference number is F8VGULKB .
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, [12:30]!
O booked you at 12:15 to give you extra time, look for a red tesla, they cbr at 07079296786, any other questions?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!
Goodbye and thank you for using our service!


You can help me find a cheap hotel in Cambridge that includes free wifi.
There is one option, the caridge [belfrey], despite being cheap in price it is 4 stars. Would you like me to book you?
Is this hotel a guesthouse?
Yes it is a guesthouse. Would you like to book there?
I need in the east area also, is that one in the east? I'll need the address and postcode.
Hmm, that's interesting. When I double checked "Caridge Belfrey", no entry came up. How about Autumn House instead?
As long as [Autumn House] meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the east area with free wifi and cheap, then I am interested.
The address for autumn house is 710 newmarket road. The phone is 01223575122. Would you like me to make the booking?
Yes, please make the booking for October 30th. But, do make sure they have wifi, please. What are their fees?
How many people and for how many days?
Actually I wouldn't like a booking. I just needed the information. However, I would like to go to an attraction in the same area as the hotel please?
there are quite a few in the east. We have museum's, a boat and entertainment do you have a preference?
A museum sounds good. Could you pick one and give me the address and entrance fee?
[Cambridge Artworks] is wonderful and has free admission. The address is 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef.
That's perfect, thanks!
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the town.
We have lots of cheap places in the center of town, but I recommend [The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill].
want to book a table for 5 people at [12:00] on sunday and a confirm number place
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: P5U2XRZD .
I also need a place to stay
I can help with that. Do you have a preference for price range and area of town? Hotel or Guesthouse?
I would like the guesthouse to be the same price range as the restaurant. I need it to include free wifi.
[el shaddai] fits your requirement. Its located at 41 warkworth street they have free parking and wifi. Phone 01223327978. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes. I want a reservation for 4 nights starting Sunday.
Do you want reservations for 5 people, the same as the restaurant?
Yes that would be great. Also i;ll need the reference number.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is UVCHN707 .
Thank you very much! Goodbye!
You are quite welcome! Bye, have fun!


I wanted to visit the restaurant named [La Raza], could you tell me the hours it is open, and if I should try to book a reservation?
Sure, I can find that information for you. I can also book a reservation for you if you have a certain time you wanted to go?
What type of food does La Raza serve? And what area is it in?
La Raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city center.
Thanks a lot. I am also looking for places to go to in the centre of town.
Sure, there are many things to do in the center of town, colleges, architecture, museums, theater. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, what would you suggest? I'm kind of new to town.
Can I suggest the man on the moon it is a wonderful concerthall.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?
Sure the phone is 01223474144 and the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you very much, you've been very helpful.
Thank you have a nice day.


I'm looking for an attraction in the category of college in the center of town
Ok, there are 13 to choose from. Some have entrance fees.
I would prefer a college in town centre. I'll need the phone and address also.
Sure thing, Downing college is located at regent street and phone is 01223334860 anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the centre.
What price range you would like?
Moderate range please.
I have the [cityroomz] hotel in the center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
yes book for 4 people and 5 nights from sunday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7RA903FR . Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be it thank you for your help.
I hope you have a great stay. Goodbye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what can I help you with?
Are there trains leaving from Peterborough on Tuesday?
Yes, there are many trains leaving Peterborough on Tuesday, what are your arrival and departure times?
I'd like to arrive by [13:00]. I'd also like to book seats for 6 people. Can you provide a reference number please?
Your booking has been successful. You will take the TR5060 at 11:48 and arrive at 12:38. Your fees are 99 GBP which you can pay at the station. FDPK5M0M
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.
what about [graffiti]? it looks lovely
Grand. Please can you give me the postcode and phone?
01223277977 is the phone number. cb30lx is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for calling. Have a fantastic trip! Goodbye!


Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.
Bedouin on 100 Mill Road City Centre is available. It serves African food. Would you like a reservation?
Is there a restaurant that serves [Tuscan] food?
I'm sorry, but I don't show any Tuscan restaurants.
Can you try [Chinese]?
We have 6 inexpensive Chinese restaurants in this area. So that I can narrow down the choice are you looking for the cheap price range or moderately priced?
I'm sorry, I would actually like to find a cheap [Mediterranean] restaurant.
Sure thing I would suggest la mimosa
is it a cheap place?
La Mimosa is not cheap, but [The Gardenia] is. Would you like a table there?
yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at [14:00] on tuesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y93ZZAHM . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on Tuesday as well.
at what time do you want to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive in cambridge by [08:00].
Please confirm you are traveling from cambridge and going to ely. Also, confirm if you want to leave Cambridge at 08:00 or arrive in ely at 08:00.
that is right, please get me the booking.
Your Train ID is TR1534 and the price is 4.40 pounds per person.
Can i get the reference number please?
How many tickets do you need?
I need 7 tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 25ILDP20 .
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you so much for your help.
i am happy i have been of help to you. great day


I'm looking for places to visit on the south side of town.
I have museums, nightclubs, entertainment venues and cinema. is there a particular attraction you are looking for?
I'm open to anything really. Surprise me and recommend one and get me the address.
I recommend the [Byard Art] Museum at 14 King's Parade in postcode cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
please give me information about [the gandhi]
It is an Indian restaurant located in the centre area of town. Were you interested in book a table?
Yes, could you please book a table for me thank you.
What day and time would you like?
It would be for Saturday for 4 people at [20:00] please.
A table has been booked for four people on Saturday at 20:00. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is TSS303TH . How else may I help you?
Oh yeah, I just remembered, I'm going to need a taxi to commute between these two locations.
I want to confirm you are departing byard art to arrive at Gandhi restaurant by [20:00]. Is this correct?
yes this is correct.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a blue Lexus. Please call 07043827039 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Center. Goodbye


I'd like to find a [north american] restaurant in any area. I'd like the address, phone, and price range.
[Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is a restaurant serving North American food and in the Expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 312598 and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Good bye.
Thank you. Goodbye!


I want a train leaving from stevenage
When would you be departing and where would you like to go?
I would like to leave on Friday, and arrive in Cambridge by [11:30].
There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, that is perfect. I need 5 seats please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8NKI5WL2 . is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I also need information on a place to eat called the [cow pizza kitchen and bar].
The phone number is 01223308871. It is located on corn exchange street.
Could I get a reservation for 5 people at [16:00] on friday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GT4M0UVD . What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call us. Goodbye.


Can you find me a [Chinese] restaurant with moderate prices?
You have your choice of the Jinling Noodle Bar, Lan Hong House, Shanghai Family Restaurant, or the Golden Wok.
Which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town?
Jinling noodle bar, Lan Hong House, and Shanghai Family Restaurant are all in the centre of town.
Thanks! Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode for [Jinling Noodle Bar], please?
Sure.The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode cb23pp, and the phone number is 01223566188. Can i book a table for you?
No thanks. That's not necessary. I think I have all I need. Have a good night.
Thank you. Have a good night, goodbye.


Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with one?
Sure can, we have 33 locations available, do you have anything to help narrow it down?
I need it to be in the north. I'd also like free parking and free wifi.
Is there a price point?
Not really. I'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.
There are 11 hotels with the price range of moderate to cheap. Which would you like to know more about?
Can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?
The [Archway House] has both free internet and parking, four stars, and is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it?
Not yet but I would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.
There are four places to go in the north area. Two are swimming pools and there is a park and boating area. Which would you like info on?
A swimming pool would be great. Can i get the address please?
Sure. I recommend [kings hedges learner pool]. Their address is jedburgh court, kings hedges
Great! I'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.
Okay, please tell me your departure time and location as well as your destination
I want to leave the hotel at [5:30].
I have you booked, grey Audi. Contact number is 07341216795
Thanks so much. That's all for today, goodbye
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!


Hi, I'm looking to book a train that will depart from London Liverpool Street. I need the ticket for Monday. Can you give me available times?
I have trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 05:39 a.m. and a ticket will cost you 16.60 pounds.Would you to book a ticket?
I would like to leave London Liverpool on Monday.
I have quite a few trains leaving London Liverpool St. What time would you like to leave? That will help me find one.
I'm not sure when I need to leave, but I would like to arrive by [20:00].
I would recommend TR3183 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 17:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:07.
That would work perfectly! Can you book me 6 tickets please?
I will go ahead and book 6 tickets.
That you and whhat is the reference number ?
Your reference number is A70RK1W1 and 99.6 GBP is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. I'm looking for information on the [Hamilton Lodge].
Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse in the north that is moderately priced, rated 3 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
yes for sunday please 4 nights for 4 people
I have made those reservations and your reference number is T7CK2MLJ .
Thank you, that will be all for today.
enjoy your stay


Yes, I'm only looking for information right now. Can you help me with a train?
Of course. Where are you traveling from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross and want to arrive in Cambridge.
There are lots of choices for those locations. What day and time will you be traveling?
Wednesday after [13:15] would be great.
I have 6 trains leaving between 13:17 and 23:17. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
I don't need to book. I just need the train ID, travel time and arrival time for the 13:17 train.
Those would be TR0922, 51 minutes, and 14:08. How else may I help you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the east, and with internet included
There are three 4 star guesthouses in the east part of town. They are all moderately priced. Can i book one for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.
No problem. I have booked your reservation at A & B Guesthouse. The reference number is 8WQV1V9H . Can I help you with anything else?
That'a all I need for today. Thanks!
Have a safe trip.


I need help booking a train from cambridge to ely.
Ok, what day are you traveling?
Tuesday and I need to leave after [16:45] please.
Yesm there is a train available, the TR7733, and leaves at 17:50. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.
The train is booked for 8 people and the reference number is OPGQ4971 . Do you need any other assistance?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in town. Can you give me some info on what's around?
I would be happy to get that information for you. Can I help you find a restaurant or an attraction? Or would you like assistance with accommodations?
I am particularly interested in colleges if you would focus on that type of attraction. I would appreciate it.
There are 18 colleges in town. Do you have an area preference?
Are there colleges in the centre of town?
Yes, there are 13. I personally recommend corpus christi. Entrance costs 2 pounds. The address is king's parade, postcode is cb21rh, and phone number 01223338000.
Great, thank you so much! That will be all for today.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day!


I need a train from Birmingham new street to Cambridge departing on Monday.
I would be happy to help you find a train! I have several options, do you require a particular departure or arrival time?
Yes, I do. I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday and arrive in Cambridge.
And what time would you like to travel on monday?
I need to leave after [16:45] please.
TR3130 leaves at 17:40 on Monday from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 and provide me the reference number when complete.
All booked for 6! Your reference # is 9WAFMF6U . Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the area and postcode for a cinema in Cambridge?
There are 2 which would you like? There is one in the south and the centre
It doesn't really matter. How about the one in the centre?
the postcode is cb17dy this is the one for the south area.
Okay thanks, you've been a lot of help. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us, you have a nice day.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi
Try the a and b guest house or arbury lodge guesthouse
Are either of those in the cheap price range?
In what section of town are you looking to stay? I have 8 different lodgings that fit your requirements.
I am not really picky.
I would like the arbury lodge guesthouse
Is it cheap?
No, but the [alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap range and has wifi. It's in the centre of town. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
That sounds good, yes. I need 4 nights booked for me, beginning Friday and for 7 people.
I'm sorry. Alexander bed and breakfast is fully booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter stay?
Yes, 3 nights please and can I have a reference number
I've booked that reservation. The reference number is 1G6A07OI . Can I assist with something else?
No, I've got everything I need. I appreciate your help.
Great, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you find me a particular hotel please?
I can. If you'd give me the name, or other details, I can search for it.
I am looking for the [Warkworth House]. I would like to book it starting Sunday for 3 nights for 2 people.
The Warkworth house is a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is that okay?
Yeah that's okay. Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.
I'm sorry, that isn't available. Can I find a different hotel for you?
Please look for a different hotel in the same pricerange.
I was able to book [A and B Guest house], reference number is QRVY59M0 .
Thanks so much for all of your help
you're so very welcome. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
No thank you that is all.
Okay Great. Glad I could be of help.


I need a place to stay with free wifi.
Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.
I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.
How about the [Gonville Hotel] located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?


I'm looking for a place to eat. I want expensive [malaysian] food. Can you help?
I'm sorry but there aren't any Malaysian places of any price in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well I need it to be in the south of town.
On the south end, in the expensive price range, we have Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese foods to choose from. Do any of these sound good?
[Chinese] sounds good. Can you give me any suggestions?
Yes, I would recommend the [Peking Restaurant], located at [10] Homerton Street City Centre. Could I reserve a table for you?
Sounds great. Make a reservation for 4 on Friday at [11:00].
That time slot is not available, would you like to try another time.
How about !0:00 instead, is that available Friday?
I believe you meant 10:00, so I went ahead and made the reservation for that time. The reference number is HRPLZ9AQ .
Thanks, that's all I need.
You're welcome! Enjoy your meal!


What kind of entertainment is located in town in the south area of Cambridge?
Nusha is entertainment in the south part of town.
Sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee?
It is actually free. You can call them at 01223902158.
That sounds great. What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb17dy. Do you need any more information?
I also need the phone number for the [avalon] hotel.
Unfortunately my system is not showing the number would you like the number to another hotel?


I am looking for a police station in Parkside
There is a police station in Parkside. The postal code is CB11JG and the phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That's all I wanted to know. Thanks.
Best wishes to you. Have a good day.


looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range
Do you have a preference on area?
It should be in the west part of town.
Do you have a preference on food type? There are three restaurants with the following food types: indian, italian, and british.
[British] sounds good. What's it called?
[Saint johns chop house] serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number.
saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Perfect. Thank you very much.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.


I would like to book a train for Monday departing from kings lynn and arriving at Cambridge at [14:45].
What time would you like to leave by?
Can you please provide me with the departure time of the train arriving by 14:45 or just before?
The departure time is 13:11.
What time is it scheduled to arrive?
The departure time is 13:11. May I book some tickets or provide you with further assistance today?
Thanks so much for your help. That's all today.
Okay, thank you so much for contacting us. Have a great trip!


Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Do you have anything available?
How about the [Acorn Guest House] in the north side of town?
That sounds great!
Would you like me to book a room for you?
I will need the reference number please.
Absolutely! When would you like to visit?
Friday. There will be 5 people in my party, and I'll need a reservation for 5 nights.
Perfect, I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is 2FD2JYN8 .
That is all I needed, thank you.
Enjoy your stay. Bye.


I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called [Warkworth House].
Sure, Warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the east that offers free wifi and parking. Do you need additional info?
Can you provide me with their phone number please?
Certainly, the phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I am looking for places to go while I'm there. Perhaps a nightclub?
There are 6 nightclubs around town. Most are in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest the [Ballare]. They are on Heidelberg Garden, Lion Yard.
That sounds great! Thank you for the information.
Do you need anything else today?
I need a cab to commute between both places and I want to leave the hotel by [18:45], I also need the contact # & car type
Okay I will work on getting that for you and be back in a moment.
Great, thank you.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow lexus Contact number : 07550893023 Can I help with anything else?
No thats it have a nice day !
You have a nice day. This is the end.


Please find a train that departs from Peterborough and arrives in Cambridge by [8:45].
Okay, and which day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday from london liverpool street
The TR3390 arrives Saturday at 8:38. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get travel time and price first, please?
The trip is 50 minutes long and it is 13.20 pounds for a ticket.
Ok thanks, Im ready to book.
Great, I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : 9LLWMNOM . May I help with anything further.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to book yet. I won't need that reservation. Could you make sure that train TR3390 is departing from London Liverpool?
Train TR3390 is departing from peterborough to cambridge. Would you like me to look for a train departing from London Liverpool?
Yes, please. I need to know the price and travel time for that as well.
TR7397 leaves from London Liverpool Street on Saturday at 05:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 07:07 with travel time of 88 minutes. Cost is 13.28 pounds. Shall I book this ticket?
No, thank you. That's all I needed today.
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm interested in visiting colleges while in town, can you please recommend some?
I can recommend clare hall and christ's college. You need phone numbers for either one?
I would like the post code for [clare hall] please.
Sure, that post code is cb39al. Can I further assist you?
Yes I also need a train to stansted airport on sunday
Sure. Where will you be departing from, and what time?
I am leaving from Cambridge. I would like to leave sometime after [18:00].
Okay the TR5009 leaves at 18:40.
That sounds great, do I call to book a seat or can you help me?
I would be more than happy to help you book! Tickets are 8.08 pounds. How many tickets would you like me to book for your trip?
Please book for 6 people.
Booking was successful, the fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is 4ESBHTB0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.
I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.


I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.
There are four swimming pools in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, actually it doesn't matter. Can you suggest one and provide me the postcode?
Yes, the [Jesus green outdoor pool] get the most consistently positive feedback, their postal code is cb43px, can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a [korean] restaurant
[little seoul] is found in the center of town and is in the expensive price range. could you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, please.
I will reserve that for you now.
Hello, are you still there? You said that you would reserve it but never did anything, it has been 55 minutes.
Oh, I'm sorry about that. Please excuse me. What day would you like for the reservation to be made?
That's alright. I need my table to be booked on Sunday.
I need more information on the time for the booking.
We would like [18:45] on sunday for 6 people. I'll need a taxi to go between the two places by the booked time. Please provide contact number and car type.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : U9WFNBHE . Which direction will you need the taxi for?
I'll need to go between the swimming pool and the restaurant.
Booking was successful. The car will be a white Toyota and the contact number is 07225283033. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That was all I needed. Thanks. Bye.
If you are sure you do not need anything?


I am looking for a [Malaysian] restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
My system isn't showing a Malaysian restaurant. Do you have another preference?
how about one that serves [spanish] food
We have the La Raza and the La Tasca, both are affordable and in the center. Would you like me to send you their addresses?
Could you reserve me a table for 2 at [12:15] on Monday at the [La Raza]?
Sure. Your reservation was successful and the booking number is BVD49SJY .
I also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same Monday for 4 nights, please.
Will you need parking or wifi?
I am actually looking for a hotel called [home from home]
I can not seem to find this hotel. Do you have another in mind ?
No, that is the name of the hotel, can you try again?
There is no hotel with that name, can I book some place else for you?
The hotel name is home from home.
I'm sorry I do not see a hotel matching that name. Would you like to try something else?
That is the correct name. Can you try again?
The hotel is not coming up by that name.
Okay, then can you find another in the same vicinity?
We have three hotels in that vicinity. Is there any services you prefer?
No I have no preferences. I need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting Monday.
I booked you at [cityroomz] your confirmation number is MM913RGM, anything else today?
Please have a taxi take me from my hotel to the restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. And give me the booking info
I have booked you with a white volvo. Their number to contact is 07895158193. .
Thanks that's all I needed for the night.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


What trains leave Friday from Bishops Stortford?
I have ten train departures fitting this criteria. Each leaves on friday on the :29 of the hour from 05:29 to 23:29. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need to arrive in cambridge by [11:15] which one would work best?
The TR3450 leaves at 07:29 from bishops stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 08:07. Is that okay?
How much is the ticket?
Tickets on this train are 10.10 GBP each.
Great. Can I also get a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range?
There are twenty-one moderately-priced restaurants located in the centre of town. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Yes please. I will need a table for 6 at [18:15] on Friday.
Booking was successful to dine at [the cow pizza kitchen and bar]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 3V4CILV4 . Is there anything else needed?
No, thank you very much for your help.
You're quite welcome. Have a great day!


Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
There are thirty-three results. Would you like a specific type of food?
I am looking for [Italian] food.
Can I recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 Market Hill City Centre?
Okay, let's book a table for five on Wednesday at [14:45].
I was unable to book at 14:45, can I try another time for you?
No 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us. Could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me?
Can I recommend [clowns cafe] located on 54 King Street City Centre?
Sure and give me the reference number too please.
Okay I have booked you there and your reference number is O7FJ870G .
Thank you so much for your time. That will be all.
So happy to help, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo service today!


I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving [portuguese] food. What is the address and phone number?
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908
Ok. Thanks.
Is there anything else we can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I need to find a place to stay in town
We have five hotels located in the Centre. Do you have a specific price range?
Not really, but I do want a 4-star hotel with free parking and wifi.
I have 2 places that fit that criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel, thank you.
The [University Arms Hotel] meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, that would be great!
How many are in your party?
I'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 70ZB569F . Can I help you with anything else?
I need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "[The Place]"
The Place is a nightclub and the postcode is cb23hg. The entrance fee is unknown, though.
Great. Can you give me the address and phone number for The Place? Thank you for your help.
Sure, the address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600. Anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome. Please feel free to contact us again!


Hi, I'm visiting the area and would like to find some local tourist attractions to the east of here.
Do you have any preferences? We have museums, parks, pools, and a sports centre.
Yes, could you please give me some information on parks, pools, and the sports centre? I just need the address and cost of admission please.
Abbey pool and astroturf pitch at pool way, whitehill road with unknown entrance fee. The cherry hinton water play at cherry hinton hall, free entrance.
Could I have the postcode for the cherry hinton water play, please?
Sure, the postcode for cherry hinton water play is cb18dw. Do you need any more information?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive price range. It needs free parking, wifi and a 4 star rating.
There is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the [University Arms Hotel] in the Centre. Would you like to book either of these?
Let's go with the one in the Centre. I need 5 nights starting Friday for 2 people.
Okay, great! You are booked at the University Arms Hotel for five nights, starting Friday. Your reference number is: MVKDGLQD . Do you need the address or phone number?
Nope, I'm all set today. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Hello! Can you please give me information about [Dojo Noodle Bar]?
Dojo noodle bar is a asian oriental restaurant located in the centre of town at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. The phone number is 01223363471. Anything else?
Can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? I will also need a table for 2 at [15:15] on Saturday.
Yes sure it is in the cheap price range and the booking number is 9GGR7AJ5 .
thank you for assisting.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a recommendation on hotels in the north that have free parking.
There are two hotels in the north that meet your needs, both in the moderate price range. Lovell Lodge has gorgeous grounds this time of year. Would you like a reservation?
[Lovell Lodge] sounds good. I don't need a reservation.
NO worries, can I provide any other information on help with anything else?
Just a reference number
There won't be a reference number unless we book the hotel. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would. For 2 nights, same group of people and same day.
Unfortunately I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try it for 1 night instead and see if that works? and then give reference number
It appears that our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you check your system again? I really need a hotel.
It was successful this time! Here is your reference number, 8DS9PG53 .
Thats all i need for now. Thanks!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a [north indian] food restaurant in the town centre.
I'm sorry, there are no North Indian restaurants in the centre area. Would you like to check a different area?
What about expensive restaurants?
Unfortunately there are no expensive North Indian restaurants.
What about a restaurant that serves just [indian] food?
How does the [Curry Garden] sound?
That sounds good. Please book for 2 people at [11:45] on Saturday.
Thanks, booking has been completed.
Thank you. Can you give me a reference number? Also, I need to book a 4 star guesthouse.
Your reference number is FNEQ6E1A . And alright, any other preferences regarding the guesthouse?
I need it to include free wifi.
There are 18 guesthouses matching your criteria. What area and price range would you prefer?
I trust your opinion, just please let me know the price range and postcode.
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the west side. Its postcode is cb30nd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. You have been very helpful.
Have we fulfilled all of your requests today?
What is the price range for the hotel?
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse. Do you need anything more?
No, that is it. Thank you.
You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!


I am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi.
There are 17 hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down some? Do you need free parking? What area would you like?
I would like it to have a four star rating.
There are 11 entries. Does type matter to you?
It does not. Do you have a favorite?
I particularly like the acorn guest house in the north. It meets your criteria plus offers parking, just in case you might need it. Would you like a booking?
I don't need a booking but can you tell me the postcode and address?
Yes of course, their postcode is cb41da, and their address is 154 Chesterton road. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No, that is all the information I needed. Thank you!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Hey! Looking for a hotel on the west side. Thanks!
There are 2 hotels in the west. Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would have to choose the less expensive one this time.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like more information?
Do they offer internet?
Yes free internet is included. Is that what you are looking for?
I would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
I successfully booked you a room for 2 nights starting on Friday at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is GPGCYPCU
Thank you. Do you have information on the [Pipasha restaurant]?
Yes it's an expensive Indian restaurant in the east. There address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the postcode to that place?
The postcode is cb236bw. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant.
what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave the hotel by [01:00].
Your taxi reservation departing from the cambridge belfry headed to Pipasha Restaurant by 1:00 was successful. The cary type is a yellow skoda. Contact number: 07014062574
Thank you, that's all I need today.
You're welcome! Please contact our service if you need any other information about your visit to Cambridge.


I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called the [La Margherita]
I have found the one you are looking for, the address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223315232.
Okay, great! Please book me a table for 6 at [14:45] on Sunday. Please provide the reference number as well.
I'm sorry, there are no spots available on that day and time. Is there another time or day you would like perhaps?
Well I'm also looking for a train. Can you coordinate a time with a departure from cambride on sunday?
Sure, where would you like to go?
I would like to depart from Cambridge this Sunday and arrive at London Liverpool Street by [12:15]
The TR0995 arrives in London at Liverpool Street at 11:27 on Sunday. How does that sound?
Thank you for the information that's all I need today.
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.


Can you help me find a [chinese] restaurant?
Absolutely! What area and price range are you looking for?
Something in the Centre please.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything in the centre. Want to try another location or cuisine?
Can you check for a Chinese place with a different price range?
There are no Chinese restaurants in the centre, regardless of price. Want to try another location or cuisine?
What cuisines is in that area?
I'm sorry, there are actually 10 chinese restaurants located in the centre. Do you have a price range preference?
I am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at [18:00] on Saturday at a moderately priced restaurant.
Sounds like you have a fun evening planned, let make sure we have the right place for you all, any preference on price range?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant please.
I have booked you successfully at [Jinling Noodle Bar] on Saturday at 18:00. Your reference number is 2MOF0BGV . Is there anything else I could help you with?
i also want a train to go to stansted airport
Ok I can certainly help with that. Please let me know your departure site, what day you want to travel, and when you want to leave or arrive by.
I'm heading to stansted airport from Cambridge on Friday and any train that leaves after [08:15] will work
TR7827 leaves cambridge on Friday at 08:40 and arrives at Stansted airport at 09:08. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. Please give me the travel time and ticket price.
The price is 10.10 pounds.
What is the travel and arrival time? Thank you.
The train leaves at 8:40 and arrives at 9:08.
That is all thanks.
It has been a pleasure helping you today. Thank you for calling! Goodbye.


Where is the [Abbey Pool and Astroturf pitch]?
Is it in the east side of town.
What is the entrance fee and the address?
The fees charged by this venue fluctuate based on time of year so we do not have them, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Okay, thanks. I am need some assistance booking a train for Monday.
I'd be happy to help with that! What are your departure and destination locations? And do you have a prefered time of day you'd like to travel?
I need to leave on monday and should depart from leicester and going to cambridge.
What time will your departure be?
I will be leaving at [17:00].
TR2078 leaves Leicester at 17:09 and costs 37.80 pounds per ticket. Do you need me to book some seats for you?
No, that is okay.
Can I help with anything else today?
That is all, thanks for your help.
im glad i was able to help. have a good day


I am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
I have 12 potential places. Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse please.
That narrows it down to 10 possibilities. Any other preferences you'd like to share?
I would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 4 nights starting thursday. Just the best place possible.
Unfortunately, all the guesthouses I have found don't have availability for this long of a stay, would you like me to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, let's try for 2 nights instead. I will also need a reference number.
I have booked you a room at [acorn guest house]. The reference number is 7X4T9188 .
Great, can you also help me find a museum called [museum of classical archaeology]?
Certainly. That's one of our free museums over on the west side of town.
May I have the postcode for the museum please?
Yes, the postcode is cb39da. Anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Can I get the entrance fee also please?
Admission to the museum is free. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, nothing at all.
Ok. Enjoy your time at the museum.


I need to get a train from cambridge to london liverpool street.
There are trains from 5:59 to 23:29 from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What is your preferred day and time of departure?
I would like to leave on Friday, after [10:30], please.
There are several trains that might work for you. The earliest is TR1750, departing at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to book it?
Could you actually tell me the price on that?
Of course, the cost for one ticket will be 16.60 pounds.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find an upscale place to stay that offers free wifi?
Certainly, I have results for 5 upscale hotels with wifi and free parking. Do you have an area preference you'd like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but I would like a guesthouse.
I'm sorry but I don't have nay guesthouses matching that criteria. Could we look at hotels instead?
Yes that will be fine. Could you recommend a nice hotel?
I found 5 hotels, 2 in centre, one east, one west, and one south, would one of those work for you?
Are there any moderately priced guesthouses with wifi and free parking?
How about [Home from Home], in the north of the city? 4 stars, moderately priced, free internet AND parking.
And this is a guesthouse, correct? If so, I would love the postcode and address please.
Yes it is. It's address is 78-80 milton road, postcode cb41la. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, just one person staying one night.
Do you want the room for Friday?
Not yet, just needed the info given, thanks.
ok great, have a great day!
Thank you so much, bye.
Let me know if you need a reservation in the future. Have a nice day. Good bye.


i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by [11:45]
There is a train leaving Thursday from Kings Lynn at 10:11, arriving at Cambridge at 10:58. Would you like me to pull up other listings?
Can you look up trains departing from Broxbourne instead?
I would recommend TR0393 which leaves Broxbourne at 5:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 6:32.
Great! Can you book 2 seats for me on that one?
Your train has been booked. Your total cost is 35.79, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQUCLNLA . Can I help with anything else?
I need to book a room in a guesthouse that has free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses in town with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area of town or do you have a price range?
Not really but I do need a 4 star rating.
Do you have a price range in mind? And will you need wifi?
WiFi is not necessary, but I would like free parking. I'm looking for mid range pricing.
There are nine moderately priced guesthouses available. I suggest [Home From Home], a 4-star guesthouse that comes with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Sounds great! I'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting Thursday.
Excellent. You are all set, and your reference number is : 2GHO31DA . Anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything thanks
I hope I could be of service today, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Hi I'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving [Italian] food
What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't really matter, just someplace really good. I'll need a table.
I can set you up at [pizza hut fen ditton] on the east side, how many will you be booking for and what day and time?
Wednesday at [19:45] the table is only for me.
Reference number is : QRDN1YRX . Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
I could help you better if I knew which location or area of town you would like to stay. There are several options.
something that is in the same part of town as the restaurant would be good.
Okay, great. And what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter. Just something with the free parking. Wifi is great but not needed.
[El shaddai] is a guesthouse in the center of town with both free parking and wifi. It is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book a room?
i just want the address for now.
sure they are at 41 warkworth st
Great, thanks! That's all I needed right now!
I think you will enjoy el shaddai very much. Have a great week.


I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay.
Yes, let me help you with that. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I would like a place in the centre with free parking.
I do not have anything like that, perhaps another criteria for you?
Sure, let's try the north instead please
There are several options in the north, would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay I have booked The [Acorn Guest House] for Wednesday for 3 people and for 3 days. Your reference number is F821XS1G . Is there anything else I can help with?
You've been great, that is all I needed. Thank you, goodbye!
I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


What cheap restaurants are there in the west of Cambridge?
There are two selections which fit your specifications. Did you have a specific cuisine type in mind?
No, nothing specific.
Ok, there is an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant, would you like to book a reservation with one of these?
I'd like to book a table for 5 on Monday at [15:45], so if one of them can fit us in at that time I'd like to book it.
Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot?
How about [14:45]?
Booking was successful at [thanh binh]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3MQZO5NU .
Thanks so much. I will also need a train leaving Cambridge on Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street no later than [16:30].
The closest train to your departure time is the 15:59 out of cambridge, arriving london liverpool at 17:27. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book 5 tickets. And can I get the reference number?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M0DKTWYA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything I needed. Thank you!
We are glad to be of help. Enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
There are many guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'm looking for something that would be in the middle price point.
I have located 15 guesthouse types in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Maybe the south?
We have two in the south, a 4 star and a 3 star. Do you have a preference?
I don't care about that.
How about the bridge guest house?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes the [bridge guest house] has free wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes. There will be six of us staying for two nights.
What day did you want to check in?
We are actually checking in starting on Tuesday.
I was able to book the Bridge Guest House for 6 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can i have a reference number please?
Of course. Reference number COIMDB7B . Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need for today. Thank you!
Thank you as well, let us know if you need help with anything else.


I'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on tuesday.
What is your destination and what time would you like to depart from stansted airport?
I am going to Cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to Cambridge by [13:30] Tuesday.
OK, the TR4117 arrives at 12:52. Would you like to book that train?
Not yet but I do need a price and travel time.
TR4117 is 10.10 pounds per ticket and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes. You would leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel named the [Allenbell]. Can you help me with that?
The allenbell is a guesthouse located in the east. It is a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.
Thanks so much, Can you book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting from the same day?
I have made your reservation for Tuesday, with reference #OV9QI79D . Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all. Thanks.
Thanks for using the help desk!


I need to speak to the police.
The number to the police station is 01223358966.
Thanks. What is the postcode and address?
The postcode is CB11JG, and the address is Parkside, Cambridge. Anything else you need?
That is all I need today. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a nice day.


I am looking to visit a museum in Cambridge.
There are 23 museums in Cambridge, can you tell me an area you are wanting to visit the museum in?
How about in the centre of town? Whats available there?
I have many options. Are you perchance able to narrow it own by museum type
No, anything that you would recommend would be great. I just need a phone number that I can call.
Broughton house gallery looks good their number is 01223314960
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on wednesday to arrive by [8:15]. Is there anything available then?
TR5725 departs at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 so you will have plenty of time. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Please book for 5 people.
I got you booked for 5 people then on TR5725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. thank you for making the train reservations
You're welcome have a great day!
Thank you, have a nice day as well.
You're quite welcome. Enjoy Cambridge!


Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.
I have three hotels that have those requirements. I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.
I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks
I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?
Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?


I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
I have the [cambridge belfry] hotel located in the west side that has a 4 star rating. Can I make reservations for you?
Doe it have free wifi?
Yes it does . Would you like a room booked?
Not at this time, can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need information on colleges to see in the west please.
sure, there are five in that area.
I need the address and postcode of one you recommend.
The [churchill college] is located at storey's way and the postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Sure. What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to go from the [Churchill College] to [Cambridge Belfry]. I want to leave the college by [01:45].
Your booking has been completed from Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. The taxi will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07976361000.


I am looking for a place to stay. Preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.
We have 21 entries that match your search. Do you have any other preferences?
I would like the hotel to be expensive.
We don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try a hotel or a guesthouse in a different price range?
How about a cheap one?
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is available and in the cheap price range.
OK, book that for 4 people. We'll arrive monday and stay 4 nights. And can I have the reference number?
Great! I was able to book that for 4 people and your reference number is F6FSFJ75 . Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a [Russian] restaurant in the centre.
I'm sorry, but there are no Russian restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Is there a [Mediterranean] restaurant in the centre?
Yes, I have found three restaurants matching your inquest.
I would like the one closest to the alexander bed and breakfast please.
How about the gardenia?
Can you provide me with the price range for the Gardenia as well as the postcode?
The Gardenia is priced cheaply and its psot code is cb23ll.
Thank you for the information
Is there anything else I could assist you with? Would you like help making a reservation?
No that will be everything I needed for today. Thank You!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 4 star rating?
Okay I've got three options here. Would you like a cheap or an expensive price range?
Oh, expensive please. I do hope it is a guesthouse?
Unfortunately they are both hotels.
Oh. I would really prefer a guesthouse. How about the moderate price range?
I have 9 guesthouses in the moderate price range, do you have a location preference?
The location isn't important. I need to book it for Friday, please.
Okay, I recommend The [Acorn Guesthouse]. Would you like me to book there?
Yes. I will be staying 5 nights starting Friday.
NO problem. How long are you staying?
I'll be staying for 5 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GQPN80PK . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Im also looking for the [cow pizza kitchen and bar]. Whats the address for it?
its address is Corn Exchange Street. what else can i do for you?
I need it's price range please
They are moderate, it is a gastropub, in case you need them, the postal is cb23qf and the phone number is 01223308871, can I assist with anything else?
You have helped me with everything I need. Thank you.
Anytime. Enjoy your visit.


Where is a museum that is located in the Cambridge centre?
There are museum through cambridge, 23 total options. Any preference for area?
I would like a museum near the centre. Could you please tell me the fee, phone number, and postal code.
The [Broughton House Gallery], post code cb11ln, phone 01223314960, is free.
Is this a cheap place?
It is actually free.
Excellent. Can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the centre area?
I have 15 in that area. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I don't. I'm mostly just focused on the area and he cheap price range. Any suggestions?
The [rice house] is a good place and is cheap.
Nice can i make a booking for 1 person at [16:30] on friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3YRWRSSF . You're all set. Is there anything else I can do?
Actually yes. I'd like to book a taxi so I can go back and forth between the museum and the restaurant
what is your departure and destination?
I want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by [15:30] from The [Broughton House Gallery]. I need the contact number and car type as well.
You are set. Look for a yellow BMW. Contact number : 07967629746. What else can I assist you with today?
Oh, I think I'm all set. Thank you.
Glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.


I need a train to stevenage on saturday.
The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21. When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than [16:15].
How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Great, can you help me find an expensive 2 star hotel that has free wifi?
I would recommend [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] on the east side.
That sounds great. Can you book a room for me?
Sure, i can help you with that. What day will you arrive and for how many days will you be staying?
I will get there thursday and stay for 2 nights. I am the only guest staying.
Would you like me to book the room for you?
Yes please, for 1 person, 2 nights starting Thursday.
Unfortunately, this will not let me book at this time.
Is a 1 night stay available?
Your booking at express by holiday inn cambridge was successful for 3 days 2 nights arriving in Thursday for a party of 1. Would you like your reference number?
I need the reference number to confirm my booking at the hotel. You should've provided that to me.
Reference number is : 9ZTP686K . Do you require any further assistance?
That will be all. Thanks.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?
What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Ely.
What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after [15:30].
what about train TR8176 that leaves at 15:35?
That sounds perfect. Can you also help me to find a 2 star hotel?
There are three 2-star hotels; two are moderately priced and one is expensive. Do you have a price preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range in price.
I have ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both in the north with internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer [Ashley hotel].
Sure, would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 5 nights
Booking was successful and the reference number is 9H9Z3QNC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed.
I am glad I could help you with your trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I need a train for London Kings Cross to Cambridge.
OKay, what day and time are you looking to leave?
I want to leave Saturday after [10:45].
i recommend TR7223. can i book?
yeah, i need seven tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.16 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 26VNGN0I . Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you find a place to in the centre?
The [Williams Art and Antiques] museum is located in the center. Would you like more information about this attraction?
Yes, I'd like to know the address, please.
Sure thing its on trinity street.
Alright that helped, thanks for your time. That's alls I needed to know.
It's been a pleasure. Good day.


I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant in Cambridge in the west.
Wonderful, may I suggest [prezzo]? They are a well~known establishment and is moderately priced.
Ok sounds Great I want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at [16:15] and i would like the reference number
Sure. Your reference number is 4GSTQC42 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant.
The only expensive place in the west is the [Huntingdon Marriott]. Would you like a room there?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?
Yes they do have both.
Perfect. Can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.
The booking wasn't successful. Can you do another day or a shorter stay?
Sure. Let's try just one night then.
I was able to successfully book you for 1 night. Your reference number is BWXLI8K3 . Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.
What time would you like the leave the first place?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time
I have you in a Blue Honda, the number to contact the is 07758846096. May I help you with any thing else?
Actually, that was all I needed. Thanks so much. Goodbye.
No problem. Please have a pleasant trip.


Hi. Can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
here is a list of restaurants located in the south side of town in the moderate price range
May I have the address and phone number please
[pizza hut cherry] hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you! Goodbye.


Can you please help me get information on [cityroomz]?
Cityroomz is a hotel located in the centre area. It is a 0 star hotel and has a moderate price range. They also offer internet. Their phone number is 01223304050
I need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.
Okay, that booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ILVZWKR . Anything else I can do for you?
That's it. Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.
I have guesthouses in all parts of the city from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have more preferences?
Yes please, I'd like it to be in the cheap price range and I'd also like to stay at a 4 star location.
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west, it's in the cheap price range with 4 stars. Would you like to reserve a room?
Please just give me the address, phone number, and area.
I can certainly provide you with that. Finches is located in the west at 144 Thornton Road. Their phone number is 01223276653. Can I book you a room?
No, I'm also looking for some attractions in town. Any multiple sports attractions located around the centre?
Unfortunately I cannot find any multiple sports place in the center. Do you want to try museum maybe?
well, can I try swimming pool maybe? I'm really sporty!
I found one. There is the parkside pool in the center. Is there anything else I can help?
Yes. Can you please give me their phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223446100 and postcode is cb11ly. Do you need anything else?
You have been super helpful. thanks that's all i need.
you have a wonderful day!


Hello! Can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town?
Would you prefer italian or modern european food?
It doesn't matter.
Restaurant [Alimentum] is a nice restaurant serving modern european food in the moderate price range and is located in the south.
May I have their address please?
Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.
We have four such hotels. Do you have a preferred location or type?
Location doesn't matter really, I would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating.
How about [Hamilton Lodge]? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the North with 3 stars and free wifi and parking!
That sounds good. I want to make a booking for 5 people. We need to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.
OK, your hotel is booked. Friday for 5 nights for 5 people at Hamilton lodge. Ref# is 9TUYXWW9 . May I help with something else?
Could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.
There are a few. Do you have a preference in location?
No preference, but close to the hotel would be good.
[Jesus Green Outdoor Pool] is between Victoria Road and the river.
That sounds good. I will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool. I'd like to leave the pool at [04:30] please.
Sure. I booked a Grey Volkswagen for you. It will pick you up at the pool at 4:30. The contact number is 07941682445. Is there anything else?
That's all I need! Thank you!
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!


Can you suggest any museums?
There are a wide variety of museums, do you know which area you'd like to visit?
What do you think is the best museum in the city? Just let me know the name, phone number and area of city.
I would highly recommend [Cambridge Artworks], the gallery is stunning. It is located at 5 Greens Road in the East.
I am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve [european] food in the cheap price range?
I have the [river bar and steakhouse] on Quayside Off Bridge Street
Is this a restaurant or a bar?
This is a restaurant, anything listed under restaurant is a restaurant and not a bar. Would you like me to book you?
Sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around [19:45] please.
I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
Can you try the same day and number of people at [18:45]?
The booking was successful. Please remember the table is only reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is SC7WR3PE .
Thanks. I would also like to book a taxi between the two places.
Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by [18:45]
I was able to book your taxi. It is a grey bmw and contact number is 07373540182
Thats all I needed, thanks
You're welcome. Let us know if we can be of anymore assistance. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
What type of information can I help you with?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Tuesday after [17:45]. Are there any trains available then?
The earliest train that days leaves at 19:35 will this work?
Yes that works. What is the arrival time and price please?
If you take the train departing Ely at 19:35 you will arrive by 19:52, and the cost is 4.40.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.
We have quite a few to choose from. Do you have a preference in price range or the area of town?
Well, price should be in the moderate but i do want a 4 star hotel.
I have no hotels in this area, only guesthouses. Would that work?
that's fine, can you book one?
I would recommend [avalon], which is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. Will that work for you?
Yeah, that will be fine. It will need to be on the same day for 3 nights and 3 people.
Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is ZWH6Y40Y . Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed.
Thank you for choosing help desk. Have a wonderful day.


Hi, I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.
Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to see architecture and need the area, address and entrance fee.
How about [old schools]? It is located in the centre area.
Great. Let me get the address and entrance fee please. I see it's in the centre.
Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane and there is no entrance fee. It is completely free. Do you need help with anything else today?
I'm looking for someplace in the center to stay as well
I have 5 locations in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Anything with a 0 star rating? I want a super trashy place
Well, we have two options that meet your needs. El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse and Cityroomz is a moderately-priced hotel. Both in the Centre. Would you like more information?
Does it have free parking?
Both offer free internet. El Shaddai also offers free parking. Cityroomz unfortunately does not offer parking.
Okay, let me book [El Shaddai] for 5 night starting Sunday for 4 people.
It's all booked for you. Your reference number is TRQIT249 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me too?
I would be happy to book a taxi for you. Can you tell me when you will need it and your departure and destination address.
I will need to leave the attraction by [14:00].
Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is :07141789693. Do you need anything else today?
Great thank you! That will be all!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on sunday.
Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be traveling from Norwich, and I'd really like to arrive in Cambridge by [14:00] so I can be on time for my appointment.
There is a 12:16 that will arrive at 13:35. There are also earlier trains if you want to arrive earlier.
That train would be find I need to get the train ID and price please.
The train ID is TR5225 and the price is 14.08 pounds per ticket. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.
The [apha-milton guesthouse] is in the moderate price range. It does not have internet. would you like me to book a room
yes and I need a confirmation number
How many nights will you be staying, and for how many people?
3 nights for 2 people,can you book it for me ?
Certainly if you supply me with your arrival day.
Tuesday of next week in the pm
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 58PX1M08 . Is there anything you would like help with today?
No, that's all today. thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day.


Hello, I'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations.
I would suggest the Rice House in the Centre.
Is this located in the south? I would like [Portuguese] food please.
[Nandos] serves Prtuguese food and it located in the South. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please for 2 people at [18:30] on a Wednesday.
I've made your reservations and your reference number is : E0E1O4MU .
Great! Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like information about a train. I will be travelling on Wednesday.
Where will you be departing from?
I'm traveling from norwich.
where are you traveling to? and what time will you need to arrive?
I'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by [11:00].
There is a train leaving at 9:16 that will get you in by 10:35.
Ok. Thanks. That is all.
thanks for using our services welcome anytime


Hello! I'm looking for the Parkside Police Station.
The number for them is 01223358966.
Could I also have the postcode please?
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you, that is the information I needed
Thank you very much. Goodbye.


Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "[Royal Standard]". Can you get me the information for that restaurant please?
Royal Standard's phone number is 01223247877. They are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the food type and price range?
They serve gastropub cuisine and are in the expensive range. Can I book that for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I am showing 5 types of guesthouses. Four of them have free wifi and parking. How long were you planning on staying?
I'm not sure yet. I'll take a place with free wifi.
Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
I don't have a location preference but can you give me the phone number, postal code and price range?
Of course. I would recommend the allenbell. It is a cheaper hotel. It's postcode is cb13js. The number is 01223210353.
Ok. I will take it.
Great! Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. Is there another with free wifi?
the alexander bed and breakfast has free wifi.
Alright, thanks for the information. That was all I needed for today.
You're very welcome, have a lovely day.


Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.
I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after [20:15].
At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you help with info on places to stay?
Yes, I can help with that. What are your preferences of area, price range, and type of accommodation?
I would like a really nice place because I'm celebrating my 10 year anniversary. Something cozy and romantic.
That sounds great, I want to find you the perfect place! Is pricing a factor, do you have a part of the city in mind?
Price is no concern for me. I need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Tuesday please.
I need more information please. What area of town?
I don't need a specific area. What do you recommend?
The [allenbell] in the east is a cheap hotel with 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?
Allenbell does indeed have wifi. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. I'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so I need a room for 1 starting Tuesday for 4 nights.
Booking was a success! Your reference number is: XJGR0GCN .


Hi I'm looking for a train for Tuesday.
Okay what time would you like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in London Kings Cross on Tuesday?
I need to depart [after 19:15.] Can you please provide me with a price?
The next train departs at [21:00]. The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket. Can I book this train for you?
Yes please book this train for me, Thank you.
How many tickets do you need?
I am not ready to book the train yet. Thanks for the help.
Can I be of further assistance to you today?
No thanks, that is all I needed.
You're welcome. glad I could help


Could you give me the address of the Parkside Police station?
The phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you find anything else?
I also need the address for the Parkside Police Station, please.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge.
thanks for your help
You are more than welcome!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town
I have 2 chinese, indian, italian and mexican food. Did you have a preference?
Yes, I prefer [italian]. I really like pizza.
There is one Italian restaurant in the south. It does have an expensive price range. Not sure if it serves pizza though. Would you like the phone number?
Well let's change that to [Mexican] and I need a reservation for 2 people at [16:30] on Sunday.
Okay, I have you booked at [Chiquito] Restaurant Bar then. Reference number is : 6OG10PUW .
Ok, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a hotel called the [allenbell].
Sorry I dont have anything with that name.
are you sure? i was literally there 3 weeks ago...
The allenbell is not available.
why is it not? it is there please look again.
I have checked again. The hotel is listed as "Allenbell" instead of "The Allenbell." Would you like to book a stay there?
Yes, I need reservations for the same group of people on the same day as the previous reservation. We will be staying 4 nights.
How many people and on what day was your previous reservation?
2 people on Monday is what I would like.
Ok. I apologize for the confusion. I booked the room for you and the reference number is DAQEE9BH .
Thank you, that is all that I need.
Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Yeah, what can you tell me about [Archway House]?
It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.
Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.
I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7 .
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after [10:15] and leaves from birmingham new street on friday
ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
Before booking I need to make sure that train meets my needs. May I please get the arrival time of that train and the price?
it arrives at 13:23 and will cost you 75.10 pounds
Okay, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our service, goodbye!


I'd like to know of interesting places to go situated in the centre of cambridge.
There's a ton of options in the centre. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to find an [Indian] food restaurant
Are you sure you're interested in a restaurant? I know you mentioned earlier you're looking for an attraction. Could you give me more specifics about what attraction you're searching for?
You're right, we should an attraction first. I'm pretty open to anything as long as its located in the centre.
Well, I have 44 great thoughts at hand, from beautiful architecture to museums and boating. Let's narrow down your interests- what's your attraction budget?
I don't have one. how about you pick your favorite attraction and give me the entrance fee, type and phone number.
I really like old schools. It is in the centre and has a phone number of 01223332320
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4.
I would suggest the acorn guest house.
I really need a hotel and not a guest house are there any in the area?
How does the [cambridge belfry] sound? It's in the west part of town and you'd have access to free parking, too.
Sure, can I just get their phone number?
Sure, the number is 01954714600.
Thank you. I don't need anything else from you today. Bye, have a good one!
Thank you! Have a great day.


Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room. Can you recommend one for me?
Yes, what area would you like to stay in?
Don't care. but I'd like a place that's Moderately priced and offers free WiFi.
There is the [Acorn guesthouse] in the moderate price range and 4 stars. It also has free wifi and parking.
Great, let's book that one. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.
How many people would you like it booked for and for what days please?
5 people starting on Sunday.
How many days do you plan on staying?
5 nights, please.
It's booked and your reference number is LFE8G8CE . The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I also need a train that leavers after [12:00] going to ely.
Where will you be departing from?
East London. Thanks
There is no train leaving 12:00, but train TR5484 leave 13:50 do you want to adjust your time?
Sure. Please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BUBQRD4R .
That is all I need, good bye.
Enjoy your visit. Please give us a call if you need further assistance.


I'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. Can you help me?
Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like to eat [Italian] food.
I can suggest [ask] located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No, please give me their postcode instead
cb21uf. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I am also interested in finding out information about local colleges. Do you recommend any to visit?
You should check out the [downing college] on regent street. Do you want me to get you their phone number?
Yes please. I would like their postcode, phone number, and address.
their post code is cb21dq. it is located in regent street. phone number is 01223334860.
I would like to book a taxi now please. I need to leave the restaurant by [12:30]. Are there any available?
Sure, where will you be headed?
Between the restaurant and the hotel.
We have discussed a restaurant and a college, did you have a hotel you wished to stay at?
I'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. I want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 12:30.
A grey Tesla will pick you up, contact number 07587024658. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I just need the phone number
The phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Please call us if you need anything else.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for using our services.


I need a hotel with free wifi but I don't need free parking.
There are over 30 to choose from. Is there a certain part of town you prefer?
I'm looking for one that is moderately priced and don't have a preference on where exactly it is.
The [Ashley hotel] is the North and is priced at moderate.
Is it available for 4 nights starting from Sunday for 6 people?
Unfortunately, the hotel is not available for your criteria. How about checking another hotel?
could you try the same one, three nights only?
I was able to book that, reference number is 49SWXAT1 .
Thank you, I also need a place to eat in the centre of town.
Yes can we narrow it done by food type or price range?
I'm looking for [Indian] food, please.
I found quite a few options for you. Could I narrow it down by price range?
No, price does not matter. Right now I'd just like a recommendation.
The [Curry Garden] is a popular choice.
Let's go with that. What's the address?
The [Curry Garden] is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp. Would you like to conduct more searches for other locations?
I'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. I need to leave the hotel by [09:15] please.
Sure! I have booked a yellow BMW to pick you up at 09:15 from your hotel. The contact number for the taxi is 07744629357.
Great! Thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Again thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day.
thank you for your help goodbye
Thank you and good bye!


I need a train on Monday.
Sure thing, got a destination or time you'd like to travel?
I would like to arrive by [8:30] in Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from?
Oh, sorry. Departing from Broxbourne.
I have two trains available leaving at 05:32 and 06:32. What time would like to leave?
Is the travel time and price the same for both of them?
Yes they both have a travel time of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Okay... I'll keep that in mind. Oh, I also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving [Indian] food.
We have 4 matches. Do you have a price preference?
No preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the east part of town.
the [curry prince] is a good choice. It is in the east and the price range is moderate. would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 3 people at [17:30].
What day would you like the reservations?
Same day, Monday.
Table for 3 at the Curry Prince on Monday at 17:30. They will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is P7ZBBM9K .
Perfect, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help.Have a great day.
Have a nice day.


can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?
There are 23 guesthouses in town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
How about one that has a 4 star rating and is expensive?
Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet you needs. There are 2 hotels if you are interested.
What about something in the moderate price range, instead?
Yes I have many choices in that category. Would you like me to suggest something?
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
Please clarify if you want a guesthouse or a hotel. There are no hotels that match your needs but there are 11 guesthouses that do.
I want a guesthouse.
Would you like me to book you for [avalon]?
Yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from Saturday.
You're all set to arrive on Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5D3TISUX .
great, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.
Ok. There are many great things to do in town. Did you have something particular in mind?
I would like a place that is fun and serves drinks.
Sure! Would you rather a nightclub type of environment or more of a park or entertainment venue?
Actually, is there a swimming pool around?
which part of town should it be?
it should be in the south
I'm sorry, but there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
what options are available
There are swimming pools in the east, north and centre of town. The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, theatre and parks. Have a preference?
I would prefer the south please.
What type of attraction in the south? There are 8 results ranging from cinema, museums, nightclubs, parks. Which would interest you?
If there are no swimming pools in the south, then I would consider a cinema in the south of town.
[Cineworld Cinema] is in the south. Would you like additional information?
Yes, may I please have their address and phone number.
Yes, their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way and their phone number is 00872208000.
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by [22:45]. Please provide the contact number and car type.
What is your destination, and when do you want to arrive by?
I'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. I need to leave by 22:45.
I booked a grey skoda for you, contact number is 07059639997!
Thank you so much. That is all that I need at this time. Goodbye!
Thank you. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by [19:30]
Where would you like to go to?
I am going to Cambridge on Sunday.
There is a train that arrives at 19:09. Would that do?
Sure would. What time does it depart and how much does it cost?
leaves at 5:19 13.2 GBP payable at the station your reference number is CLPW6OR9


Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called [Galleria].
Galleria serves European food in the moderate price range. It is located in the Centre of town. Would like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like the reservation to be at [18:30] for 5 people on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ENOALFAV .
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day.
great day and thanks for inquiring with us
I would also like to find a museum.
Which area would you like the museum to be?
How about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it
Byard art is a museum in the south. It is free to enter and the postcode is cb21sj. Anything more today?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from [Byard art] and take me to [Galleria] by [18:30]. Provide car type and contact number too.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07555424165
Great thank you so much for all the help!
Is there anything I can do for you?
That's all I needed. Thanks for all your help.
OK great. Have a good day.


i want to sight see in cambridge and want to see architectural stuff
I have some great sights for you. All saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and the old schools.
What area is [all saints church] located? Is there an entrance fee?
All Saints Church is on Jesus Lane in the center of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thanks! I've also heard about a little place in town called [Autumn House]. What can you tell me about it?
Autumn house is a guesthouse in the east area. Despite being rated at 4 stars prices are cheap compared to others. Interested in more info?
Can you book a room for me?
sure for how many and when?
Yes thursday and at 17:50.
Can you give me the number of days and people you would like to stay, please.
It'll be for 7 people, 2 nights, starting saturday.
I have you booked for 2 day for 7 people.
What is the reference number for that booking?
Your Reference number is 8J8MEI06 . Can I do anything else for you?
That will be all. Thanks for your help.
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town. Specifically I am interested in multiple sports attractions. Can I get more information?
Unfortunately, the only multiple sports option I have is in the east. Is there another type of attraction you would like to visit?
Can you look for a college?
I have 13 in the centre area of town. The [emmanuel college] is nice and it is free.
That sounds great, could you give me their address, phone and postcode please?
They are located at saint andrew's street, cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200.
okay, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'd like to eat [italian] food in the same area as the attraction please.
Sure, there are a number of options. Were you looking for a specific price range?
No, there is no specific price range. I need to book a table for 8 people at 13:15 on Thursday.
Let's choose a place first. [stazione restaurant and coffee bar] is one of the options available
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 8 on Thursday at [13:15]. Thanks
I have made those reservations and your reference number is RH2680GW .
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to take me from [Emmanuel College] to get me to the Stazione restaurant by [13:15] please?
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a grey Lexus. Please call 07002476636 should you need to reach them.
Great. Thank you!
Okay I'm glad I could help today.


I am looking fot a hotel, [Allenbell].
Hotel Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane The telephone number is 01223210353. Would you like me to book the hotel?
Yes well I would like to book it for 3 nights staring from Wednesday for 4 people.
I'm sorry those times are not available. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Yes please try another hotel in the same price range.
I booked a room at the [Autumn House] on Newmarket Road. The reference number is D7HJJCU8 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.


Is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? Thankyou.
There are several, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street?
Train TR5154 leaves Friday to London Liverpool Street at 5:59 and arrives by 7:27. Would you like me to book this for you?
That works. I just need one ticket.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 0XOVBBAJ . Will there be anything else today?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, I hate dirty hotels, don't you?
What area would you like to be in?
I am interested in staying in the south.
I found 2 guesthouses in the South both have a 4 star rating. There are two price ranges cheap and moderate, which do you prefer?
I have no preference. I need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.
I suggest [rosa's b ed and breakfast]. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.
How many people will be staying?
Just 1 will be staying there. I do need the reference number.
Your reference number is VFXJ5FEM .
Ok thank you that is all I needed.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving [modern European] food.
I have at least three choices would you like a recommendation?
I'd like a restaurant on the south end of town, please.
How does [restaurant alimentum] sound? They are on the south side of town.
That sounds good, can I book a table there for 1 person at [12:30] on wednesday?
Your reservation at Restaurant Alimentum has been made for 12:30 on Wednesday and your reference number is X08RCBWH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!
I'm glad we could help, and enjoy your luncheon at Alimentum. Have a wonderful day!


I need to take a train from bishops stanford on Friday. Can I book one here?
Sure thing. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive in Bishops Stanford by [09:45].
We have two trains arriving in bishops stortford on Friday by 09:45. Are you traveling there from Cambridge?
Yes. I need to book a reservation for 8 people, and will need the reference number
Okay, there are two different trains. The first leaves at 05:29 and the second leaves at 07:29.
Please book the one for 07:29.
Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. And after that I'd like some help finding a boat attraction.
What side of town would you like to be on?
I want to go boating on the east side.
camboats is on the east side. Do you need the address or phone number?
Both please. Also I still need the restaurant reference number.
your reference number for the train tickets, id FZR1XMYY . I am sorry what else did you need? I'm sorry for my colleague
I also need information on a boat attraction on the east
I have one boat attraction on the east, it is called camboats. The price is not listed, would you like the phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be great.
Sure, the phone number for [Camboats] is 01223902112. Can I help with anything else?
What is the entrance fee please?
I'm afraid I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you so much for your time.
My pleasure, have a nice day.


I need a place for a [modern european] food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you.
I show three in the moderate price range. Two are in the centre and one is in the south. Do any of these work for you?
Yes, I need to reserve a table for 5 at [11:45] on Wednesday can you help me with that?
Alright, I have you booked at the [Restaurant Alimentum] on the southend. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: 1PF64MM2 .
Thank you. I also need a train to go to London Kings Cross on Saturday.
I have 10 trains available. Do you have a time preference?
I want the train to arrive by [10:15]. Just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. Then send me a reference number to confirm
First I will need to know if your departure is from cambridge.
Yes it's from cambridge. Please make the booking and give me the reference number.
I have book for you for the 5:00 train for 5 people leaving cambridge on saturday. Your reference number is 9DCSEY8P and the total will be 94.4 GBP payable at the train station. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all I needed for today. Thanks.
You are welcome, have a great day.


I am looking for [Williams art and antiques].
I was able to find it, what information would you like about it today?
I need the area and postcode, please.
Sure. It is located in the centre and their postcode is cb12lj.
Can I also get a train to broxbourne on friday?
Train TR7808 leaves 6:01 on Friday, is that suitable for you?
I need to depart from Cambridge after [16:00].
Okay, I also have TR5694 which leaves at 16:01 and arrives by 17:01. Would that work for you?
Yeah I think that'll work. Can you book me 6 seats on that one please?
Okay, I got that all booked for you. Six tickets is 107.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3NFAUXBY . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! Thanks, that is all for now. Have a great day!
Is there nothing else I can help with?
No thank you that takes care of it goodbye
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I would like [eritrean], please.
I'm very sorry there are no restaurants that serve eritrean food in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine we can look for?
How about [Turkish]?
[efes restaurant] should be fine. it is moderately priced and located in King Street City Centre, cb11ln. can we book?
Sure make me a booking for 8 people at [19:00] on monday.
I have made reservations your reference number is KZ7IRCWH .
I also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by [11:00]
Sure, where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.
Okay, the TR8265 arrives by 10:43 and leaves at [09:54]. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes please book the train for eight people.
Your booking was a success. The total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KH92FZBE . Could I be assistance to you with anything else?
Nope that's it. Thank you.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy your visit :) Bye.


I want to find an expensive restaurant located in Cambridge centre.
What type of food would you like?
I am in the mood for [Chinese] food, please.
I have found 4 restaurants that fit that description. How does [HK Fusion] sound?
Perfect. I need a table for 1 at [19:45] on thursday.
OK I have that booked the reference number is EBZIPGV2 .
Great that is all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome, please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
Will do! Thank you, hope you have an amazing day as well.
I am glad the Cambridge TownInfo centre helped you. Goodbye.


I need to book a train from peterborough that leaves on wednesday.
The first train departs at 05:19. What time will you be leaving?
I'm flexible, but I need it to arrive by [13:15].
The TR1412 arrives in cambridge at 12:38. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket.
How many passengers?
No let's not book that. I want to hear about the attraction with architecture.
I find no attraction type that you requested. Can I help you with something else?
Are you sure there are no attractions for architecture?
No, I'm sorry, I am not finding anything with architecture. Perhaps another type of attraction would interest you?
Sorry but you could you tell me the travel time on that train?
The travel time is 50 minutes.
Can I get the ID and the departure time also?
The train ID is TR1412 and departure time is 11.48 on Wednesday. Any thing else I can help you with?
I would also like to visit a place with architecture in town.
I'm sorry we do not have any architecture attractions. Is there something else that would interest you?
Are you sure there isn't any type of architecture attraction at all?
I apologize, there are actually 5. All are in the centre. I recommend old schools
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee and postcode for [old schools]?
The address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tt, and number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.
Have a great trip. If you need anything else just let us know. Goodbye.


I am looking for [great saint mary's church] in Cambridge
I've located that for you. What would you like to know about it?
i could like to know what kind of attraction type it is, its area and phone number
great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223350914.
Okay, I'm also looking for a place to say. Needs to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
Cambridge has quite a few guesthouses. Do you prefer a particular area of town?
Yes the north area please.
Sure, do you care about price or star ratings?
I would prefer a 4 star. can you recommend one and give me their price range?
There are many! Do you need parking?
I do need parking.
to narrow our options, can you tell me your price range?
Any price range will work, whatever you recommend. I need a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. Just let me know the price range and of the have free parking.
I can't look at a hotel because you didn't read correctly and didn't select hotel. Thanks
Sorry! Do you have any 4-star guest houses available? I don't care about the price range, I just need to know what it is.
yes we have four of them in the area
Do you have any in the north?
i got seven options one of them is cheap and the rest are moderate
Thank you, I'll take the moderate price that is 4 stars.
I would recommend [acorn guesthouse]. I hear it's quite nice. Would you like me to book it for you?
That would be fine. Do they offer free parking?
Yes they do. Should i book a room for you there?
Is free wifi offered here?
Yes, it does have free wifi as well. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
You've given me all the information I need today. Thank you.
your welcome, have a great day!


I would like to book a train. I need to go to peterborough on thursday.
What station will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge, thanks.
I have a train leaving [Cabridge] for [Peterborough] Thursday at [05:06].
Great! Please make a booking for 3 people.
I've booked 3 tickets for you, and the fee is 49.5 gbp and your reference number is 17OSNISB .
Thanks very much for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!


I am looking to eat at [Rajmahal].
Of course. Rajmahal is located in the east part of town, at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton.
Can I get their phone number and postcode so I can pay them a visit. It sounds like a great place to dine.
Sure! Their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that was all that I needed to know, thank you.
You're very welcome. Feel free to let us know if you need anything else.


Hi. Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant?
there are a variety of moderately priced restaurant in what area do you prefer?
I was thinking somewhere in the centre of town.
how about [the oak bistro]? It looks lovely
Ok, that sounds good, I need to book a table at [18:00] on Tuesday for 6 people, please.
Your table is reserved, reference #9SJWCXZA . Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you also find me a train that goes to Peterborough on Wednesday? I need to arrive by [10:45].
What time would you like to leave at? I have 5 trains leaving between 5:06 and 7:06.
Which train arrives closest to 10:45? I don't want to wait around too long after I arrive.
where are you travelling from?
departure from Cambridge.
The TR0467 leaves at 9:34 and arrives at 10:24. The cost is 16.50 pounds. Does this work for you?
Thank you, that was all I needed today. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


I need a train going from Stevenage to Cambridge.
There are several trains available. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by [09:00].
TR5737 will arrive in cambridge Tuesday by 8:43, will this suit your needs?
Yes. Can I also please have the departure time and travel time for this trip?
Departure time for TR5737 is 07:54 and duration is 49 minutes.
Yes thank you. That is all.
Okay great. glad I could be of assistance today.


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?
I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
No. But I would like a cheap guesthouse.
Would you like to try [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]?
Yes, can you book it please?
I would be happy to! Which day, how many people, and how many days?
I would like to check in on Thursday and stay for 3 nights. I need to book a room for 6 people.
I've booked it! You'll be at alexander b&b starting Thursday for 6 people for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for that booking?
Your reference number is 4NG5RGOI . Do you need anything else?
Yes please, can you help me me find an [Italian] restaurant in the west that is cheap?
[La Margherita] fits those specifications. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table for 6 on Thursday. We'd like it at [14:15], please
I was able to book that for you. Here is your reference number 5JJ8331T .
Great. I also will need a taxi.
Where would you like to be picked up and drop off?
I will need picked up from the hotel and go to the restaurant.
You are all booked with a taxi.
Thank you may I have the contact number and car type please.
Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07350632245
That'll aboutdo it, thanks a bunch.
You are welcome, have a great night.


I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.
What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday leaving [after 21:00] please.
TR8873 leaves at 22:01 and arrives at 24:44. Would you like me to book?
For three people please. And can you give me the reference number?
Your total is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 5AXU412R . Can I help with something else?
I would like to book a cheap hotel in the south area.
I have one called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which is actually a guesthouse. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast and find me the cheapest rate.
Yes how many nights will you be staying and when will you be arriving?
I will be there for 3 nights.
What day does your stay begin?
I would like it for wednesday
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, that would be great.
OK, your booking was successful. The reference number is UNV1RXY7 . Can we help you with anything else?
Thank you! Yes, what is the star of the hotel please?
This is a four star hotel.
get me the address of the hotel and phone number
the address is 53 roseford road and the phone number is 01223512596
thanks a lot, that is enough for today
Please let us know if there is any way we can assist you in the future. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.


how about a [turkish] restaurant?
There are three turkish restaurants. Would you prefer one in the moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please
Anatolia is a nice restaurant serving Turkish food in the moderate price range.
Are there any other Turkish restaurants in that price range?
There is also [Efes Restaurant] in the moderate price range. It is located in the centre of town.
That sounds lovely. May I have the address and phone number, please?
The address is King Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 500005. Will there be anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome and thank you for calling us. Goodbye.


I wanted to travel to kings lynn. Do you have a train leaving on monday?
there are 19 trains available. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by [11:00] if possible please.
TR1854 Arrives at 10:58. TR1163 arrives at 09:58.
That would work can I get 7 tickets please?
Sure! Just to clarify, would you prefer the TR1854 train or the TR1163 train?
any will be fine with me.
TR1163, your booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GFGRNXJT . Will there be anything else today?
I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.
To help narrow it down, do you have an area or price range you prefer?
It should be in the moderate price range. Does that help?
In that case I recommend the [acorn guest house]. They have 4 stars and are in the north side of town with parking and internet for you
That sounds great! Can you please book it for me starting on Thursday? I will need the reference number please.
The Reference number is : 0Q276EHV .


I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
There are many options. Is there a price range or area of town that you prefer?
No preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 4 stars.
There is the Acorn Guest House that offers free internet as well as parking. WOuld this be OK?
What area is [Acorn Guest House] in?
The acorn guest house is located in the north. Would you like a reservation?
No I don't need a reservation but I would like to get the area they are in, postcode and address please. I am also looking for the attraction [Camboats]?
It is in the North, and the post code is cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I just need the entrance fee, please.
I do not have any information on the entrance fee
Oh, that's too bad. I guess that's all I need then.
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Ok, what kind of information about Cambridge do you need?
I would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a guesthouse.
Acorn guest house is available, would that work for you?
Not sure. I'm strapped for cash, is it in the cheap price range?
city centre north b and b is on the cheap side or [worth house].
Can you book one of them for 3 people?
What day will you be checking in and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday.
and how many nights?
For 5 nights please.
You are all set, the reference number is 439JME60, can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking at a train that departs Stansted Airport for 3 people. Leaves Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by [16:30].
Train TR9892 leaves at [5:24] and arrives by [5:52] would you like me to boko that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need three tickets, please?
I can work on booking that for you. I will be back with you shortly.
Were you able to book it?
You booking for 3 tickets on the TR9892 was successful. Your Reference number is : U5A2ZTWU . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to find an [indian] restaurant.
great, what area are you thinking of?
Actually, I just needed the tickets. That is all for now. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I am in Cambridge and would like to try the restaurant [City Stop Restaurant].
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Could you? That would be great. I would love a table for 7 on Saturday at [17:45] please.
Great! I've booked it for you. Your reference number is RSD4T8NR .
Thanks. I also want to find a college in the center to visit.
We have several colleges in the centre area to choose from. Would you like information on one with no entrance fee?
Yes please. Could you make sure I get the postcode?
christ's college postcode is cb23bu
Thank you, that is all that I needed. Have a great day!
You're very welcome! You have a great day too!


I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
There are 21 Guest Houses with free parking. What other preference do you have that can narrow the search down?
I would prefer if the guesthouse was in the cheap price range.
There are 9 cheap guesthouses that offer free parking. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast due to being a 4 star place and offering guests free wifi.
That will work. I want to make a reservation for 1 person. It will need to be for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.
Unfortunately, the [Alexander] can't handle that that booking at this time. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
no thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check if a 2 night reservation fits in anywhere?
That worked! I have you booked for two nights at the Alexander. Your reference number is 12L7NSPK .
Are there any attractions in the centre part of town?
Certainly. I have architecture, cinema, theater, colleges, museums. What interests you most?
Which is your favorite? Give me their address, phone number, and entrance fee, and I'll check it out.
Well All saints Church is quite historic and relaxing and their address is jesus lane, it is free to enter and you can contact them on 01223452587.
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a taxi from [Alexander] to [All Saints Church]? I need to leave the hotel by [1:45].
I have confirmed your booking, a white toyota will pick you up. Their contact number is 07056950129. Do you need further assistance? .
No. That all looks great. Thanks!
Have a great day!
Okay. Thanks again. You, too. Goodbye!
Safe travels and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Okay...thanks! That's all I need.
Thank you!


I need a train leaving on a Sunday and arriving by [21:15].
Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be traveling?
From London Kings Cross to Cambridge.
TR1681 will arrive at 20:08, would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book a ticket on TR1681 for 6 people for me.
The booking was successful, your reference number is EAWIQ7HX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for places to see in the south.
There is a cinema, two entertainment facilities, a museum, and a nightclub. Would you like more info about any of those?
Can you give me the address for the cinema?
Sure thing! You are looking for [Cineworld Cinema] and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything more today?
Yes, can you provide me with their phone number?
Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what's the entrance fee for the cinema?
Unfortunately I don't have the entrance fee information. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you know the entrance fees to any of the other places you mentioned?
I have information on two parks and one museum, these have free admissions. I do not have entrance fee info on the others. Anything else?
Can you select your favorite of the two parks and provide me with their address and phone number please?
Wandlebury Country Park is spectacular. The address is Wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postal code CB223ae. Phone number 0122324830.
That is all I needed help with, thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I'm looking for a train please.
Ok I can assist you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
I found more than 1,000 trains. Do you have a destination in mind?
I need to go to Birmingham New Street.
Thanks. And what day will you be traveling, please?
Monday is the day I plan to travel
these is the schedule for that day
I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving on monday. The train is going to cambridge leaving after [18:30].
TR3283 leaves Cambridge at 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. Do you want a booking?
Yes. Thank you.
Is it one ticket you need or more?
Just one ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BP0P7TU6 .
Thank you.That's all I need for now.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I have had an injury! Where do I find the nearest hospital?
Sorry to hear that! The closest hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
What is the postcode?
The post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Hello. I'd like to find a hotel to stay in for the weekend. I'd like one with restaurants and entertainment within walking distance.
Would it be possible for you to book another day?
I would like to find a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
YES I NEED IT FOR 3 PEOPLE FOR 2 NIGHT STARTING MONDAY AND I NEED THE REFERENCE NUMBER
OK, I was able to get the reservation for you. The reference number is I36DJXLT . Can I help you with anything else?
Find a restaurant in the centre that's the same price range as the hotel, please.
I found over 20 choices. Is there a certain type of food you're interested in?
I'd like [Italian] food, please.
There is a [Pizza Express] in the centre that is moderately priced. Would you like to book there?
Yes, for the same group of people on Monday at [17:15], please.
I have a table reserved for you, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. The reference number is WU3RYCER . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You're very welcome, have a great day! Enjoy Cambridge!


Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.
There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.
I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking
Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?
No thats all I need thank you
OK, please let me know if there is anything else I can do to assist you.
Could you find me a train leaving on Tuesday going to London Kings Cross?
Sure! What time would you like to leave at?
Thanks! Whenever I depart is fine, as long as I arrive at London Kings Cross by [8:30]!
TR3343 will get you there by 07:51. Would you like to book a seat?
I don't need a ticket today, but could you tell me the price?
If you are leaving from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, the ticket price is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
i am glad iwas of help. great day
You too. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.


I'm looking for a hotel called the [autumn house], can you give me some information about it?
Sure. Autumn House is a guesthouse located in the east and has a 4 star rating. Anything else you'd like to know about Autumn House?
What is the price range?
The price range is cheap. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
I will think about it. Is there anyway you can book me a train?
I sure can! I need some information to help find you the right one. Can you tell me where you are going to and where you are departing from?
I'm going to stevenage from cambridge.
When would you like to arrive or depart and what day?
I want to leave Cambridge on Tuesday, after [21:30].
TR3300 Departs from Cambridge on Tuesday at 23:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 24:10. The price is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't need a booking just now, thank you. In fact, that's everything I needed today.
Ok great! If there's nothing else, I hope you have a great day!
No, there is nothing else. Thank you, have a great day!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


I'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
What price range and what area are you looking for?
I would like to stay in the north I have a moderate price range.
There are 11 places that meet those critieria. Are you looking for a particular star rating?
Yes, I would like something with a 4 star rating, and I would like for it to be a guesthouse.
I would suggest [acorn guest house].
Can you book a room as well?
Yes, what day would you like?
I would like it for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Monday please.
Your rooms have been booked for Monday. The reference number is JJK77QKA . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I was looking for a particular attraction, [Saint Catharine's College]. What area is it located in?
It is located in the centre. Admission is free.
Ok, can you give me the phone number and address please?
saint catharine's college address is king's parade. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that's all, thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a reasonably priced [pizza] place. Can you help?
There is [pizza hut] in the south. They are in the moderate price range
That sounds nice. Can you please book a table for 2 at [16:30] on Friday?
Alright, you're all set! Your reference number is: OYG60EP0 .
Great! Thank you so much!
Do you need help with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.
When would you like to travel?
I need to be in Cambridge by [10:15] on Friday.
Where are you leaving from and on what day?
Friday. I do not have a leaving from time. I just want to be there by 10:15.
Sorry, maybe I missed it. What station are you traveling from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford
train id TR2083 leaves at [09:29] and arrives at 10:07. will that suit you?
yes please. 2 tickets
I was able to book two tickets to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford. Your total is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is CGH0R0AS .
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you. I am glad I could be of help.


I am looking for an [international] restaurant in the east part of town.
I have found one called [The Missing Sock]. Would you like the information for it?
Yes, please. What is its phone number and price range?
The phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a cheap restaurant.
Thank you good bye.
thank you. goodbye.


Good Evening, I guess I am in charge of the planning the trip to Cambridge. I am looking for some places to go when we arrive.
What area of cambridge will you be visiting?
We will be mainly in the West part of town. Are there any nightclubs around that area?
I have no nightclubs in that area,would you like e to look in another area?
How about a college instead?
Why yes, there are five colleges actually.
Excellent. Can I get the entrance fee and postcode of one of them?
queens' college is found in silver street and entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. post code is cb39et
I would also like to find a room in the West of town.
on what price range do you want your Hotel?
It doesn't matter, whatever is available is fine.
The [Cambridge Belfry] has gotten great reviews. It's a 4-star cheap hotel in the west. Would you like to go with that?
Does it have free parking and wifi?
Yes, it has free parking and internet
Can you book that starting for Thursday?
I will need to know how many guests are staying and for how many nights
Sure, 1 night and 5 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DGQ74G0U . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!


I would like to get information on the [bridge guest house].
I can definitely help with that. It's moderately priced and is located in the south. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room with them?
Thanks! I will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.
The booking was successful! Your reference number is 6NEWYJ6Y . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all for me today. Goodbye!
Okay. Glad we could help!


Hello, what can you tell me about [de luca cucina and bar]?
De Luca is a moderately-priced Modern European place at 83 Regent Street in the center of town. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, I need it booked for 7 people on Tuesday at [19:30].
You are all set! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5R3GSQVS . Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. And yes, I also need to find a train to Bishops Stortford, please. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday.
There are 10 trains to choose from. Do you have a preferred time to leave after or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by [16:00].
There are 5 trains matching your query. The latest arrives by 14:07. Do you want to book it?
Yes please book tickets on that train for 7 people and send me the reference number
Your booking was successful, your reference number is WT2VB50O .
Thank you thats all I need for now.
You're welcome and enjoy your trip.


Hi, on Tuesday I need to leave Cambridge by train. Can you help me with the arrangements?
What destination will you be traveling to?
The train should leave after [10:15] and should go to peterborough
Will you be travelling alone or in a party?
I haven't decided yet. What time will the train reach the station in Peterborough?
If you leave Cambridge at 10:34, you should arrive in Peterborough at 11:24.
welcome. at your service next time
Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed today.
Thank you for using our services.


I would like to find a pool that I can visit.
Of course, there are 4 public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking to visit any particular part of town?
I am not. Can you please give the phone number and entrance fee for one of them?
I can provide you four names but not an entrance fee. I am sorry.
Just give me the phone number for the first one on your list, and can you confirm if that one has an entrance fee please.
The phone number for the abbey pool and astroturf pitch phone number is 01223902088. I am sorry, but they do not note if an entrance fee is required.
Ok, I also need a place to stay and I don't care about free parking, but can it be moderately priced?
I have many options available. Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay or a number of stars you want?
I want to stay on the east side of town and I'm looking for a guesthouse type hotel.
The [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to try that one?
What is this hotel's phone number?
The phone number for The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 01223247015. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you book me at the guesthouse for 8 people?
Sure thing, what day would you like to check in and how many days do you want to stay?


What trains arrive in Cambridge by [10:30]?
Where are you traveling from and on what day?
I am traveling from kings lynn on sunday.
Please give me your day and time of departure to help me to narrow down to a suitable result.
I don't have a departure time. I just need to be in Cambridge by 10:30.
I suggest the TR8092 that will arrive in Cambridge at 08:58. This will give you ample time. Do you want me to book this?
Please book for 5 people, I will also need the reference number.
Ok. The total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WVSMPOEW . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a moderately priced [Italian] food restaurant.
I found [prezzo] in the moderate price range in the west part of town
Great can I just get their address?
Sure, prezzo is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road postcode cb30ad, would you also like their phone number?
No, the address is fine. Thank you very much for your help!
You're quite welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thank you, again.
It was great conversing with you today. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves [Turkish] food
Hi, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are two options in the centre for Turkish food. I hope you find what you're looking for!
could i have the address for the [anatolia]?
Sure thing, the address for the Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre. Anything else I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you. good bye.


I'd like to visit a museum. What do you have in town within walking distance?
Which side of town will you be on?
Any area is fine.
[Cafe jello gallery] is a museum in the west area, it has free entrance. Would you like the address or phone number for it?
Sounds good . please get me their phone number , postcode and area.
The number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. It is in the west end of town and the postcode is cb30af.
Thank you. I also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the expensive price range.
I have [Huntington Marriott Hotel] in the west, 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
I need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from sunday.
just to verify, do you want the hotel for tuesday night? or for sunday and staying for two night?
I'm sorry, starting from Sunday for 2 nights, 6 people. If that fails try one night and provide the reference number.
I have been successful in this and your reference number is 7YAVA5YB .
Thank you. Now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? I'd like to leave the hotel by [8:45]
Your taxi is all set! You will be picked up in a grey toyota and their contact number is 07189428446.
Great, thanks so much for all of your help today. That is everything. Bye.
Glad I could assist you today. Enjoy your day.


Hello! I'm looking for a train arriving by [10:30] to cambridge.
That are several options that arrive in Cambridge by 10:30. When are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from leicaster and it will be on thursday
Four trains will get you there by 10:30. Would you prefer to depart at 6:54, 7:54, 8:54 or 9:54?
9:54 sounds good. What is the price? And how long is the trip?
I beg your pardon, but the times I mentioned earlier were for arrival rather than departure. The departure times are 5:09. 6:09. 7:09, and 8:09. What is your preference?
Can you tell me what the travel time is and the price?
Which train would you like that for?
The 8:09 departure, please.
That's train TR6180. The travel time is 105 minutes, and the cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. That's all I needed today.
Great. I'm glad I could help you with that. Have a nice day. Goodbye!


I need a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
We have many guesthouses that are moderately priced. How about the [acorn guest house], they are located in the north?
Does it include free wifi and parking?
Yes to both.
Great! Book for 1 people starting on Thursday for 4 nights. Thanks.
I apologize. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel will be fine as long as it's in the same price range. Thank you.
a and b guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?


i am looking for a train. The train should depart from Peterborough and should go to Cambridge.
There are many trains available. Do you have a specific day or time in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday.
Great, and what time on sunday would you like to either leave after or arrive by?
I need to leave after [17:15].
can i book for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people.
The total fee is 26.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CW3O4QG9 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be it thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have an amazing trip!


Hello. I am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.
I have 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have an area in mind?
I want a hotel and not a guesthouse. It should also be on the west side of town with a 4 star rating. Can you help?
I have exactly one choice matching your criteria. Would you like me to make a booking for you for the [Cambridge Belfry]?
book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUCTFOYJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you for your help, have a good night!
Thank you and You're welcome. Good night.
Oh I'm sorry. I'm also looking for places to go. Some type of Multiple sports in the city center. Anything will do.
There is nothing in the centre but I do show one in the east. Would this work or do you have another attraction type in mind?
Can we first find a college in the same area instead
What about [gonville and caius college] in the centre of town?
Whatever you recommend will work. I just need the phone number, post code and address.
The phone number is 01223332400, the post code is cb21ta and the address is trinity street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you so much for everything.
thanks and you and you are welcome anytime
Thank you very much!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a wonderful trip!
have a great day
Have a good trip


Can you help me book a train on Sunday?
Where is the destination?
I want to go to Ely.
There are a number of trains leaving Cambridge for Ely on Sundays. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need it to leave after [08:15] please.
can i book for you?
Yes please book just one ticket for me.
TR1159 leaves at 9:50 and the fee of 3.52 pounds is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what is the reference number for the reservation?
The reference # is T27B8DUJ . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you have a great day!


Can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range?
Just to clarify, is it a hotel you need, or will a guest house serve? Because I have 4 guest houses matching your needs, but no actual hotels.
No it needs to be a hotel that includes wifi
I'm sorry, I don't have anything that matches that description, but I do have two 2-star hotels with WIFI in the moderate price range.
Does one have free parking?
Two do, the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
Actually, a guest room will be fine. As long as it is a 3 star moderate. I'd like both free wifi and free parking.
I have only two star hotels, would you mind restating the exact criteria you need in a room please?
I need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 2 nights on friday. I need a reference number too please
And you said a guesthouse would be fine, correct? I have the Bridge Guest House which is a 3 star with free internet and parking.
Yes, book it please.
That one is unavailable. Would you like me to try one of the others?
Yes a hotel in the same price range.
I booked a room for you at the [Hamilton Lodge] on Chesterton Road. Your reference number is CU50DW9Y . Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is it. Thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after [10:45]
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.
TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!
All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.
There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
How many stars does it have? I want a 0 star hotel.
[Cityroomz] is indeed a 0-star place.
Yes, I'd lie to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Saturday. May i have the reference number please?
Booking was successful, and your reference number is VJX5F7UJ . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need. Thanks for your assistance!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.
There are few places that are cheap in the Center. You can make your choice from our list based on the Kind of food you prefer.
Um, I don't see any sort of list. Could you recommend something?
What type of food would you like?
I would like [Indian] food.
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre of town. I have heard great things about the chef at [Kohinoor]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. Book that one for 3 people on Friday at [18:45].
Done. You have a reservation for 3 at kohinoor on Friday at 18:45. Your reference is 37R6X4JS and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
I'm also looking for someplace to go in the same area as the restaurant. Can you help with that?
There are several in the area. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Old churches would be nice thank you
Okay, there are 5. I recommend [All Saint's Church] on Jesus Lane.
great. can i get the address and entry fee?
46 Jesus Ln, Cambridge CB5 8BW. No entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!


I need to book a train that leaves after [08:45] on Sunday
I can help! Where are you traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and want to depart from Birmingham New Street. What are my options?
The TR9714 leaves at 09:40.
Can you please provide me with the arrival and travel time? Thank you
The arrival time is 12:23, and it's a long trip - 163 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for colleges to visit in town.
Okay, there are 18 in town! What part of town would you like to go to?
Whichever one wherever you like best please.
I personally like to visit [Christ's College] myself. And, it's free to enter. Would that work for you?
That sounds great. Can you give me the address and phone number?
Their address is saint andrew's street, and their phone number 01223334900.
Great, thanks so much, that's all that I need!
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, we hope you enjoy your trip!


Hi there, I'm looking for a train to norwich. Heading out on Wednesday
Sure, what time do you need to get into Norwich by?
I would like to arrive by [16:15] if at all possible.
There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to depart cambridge around [11:00]. Can you find a train at that time? What is the price and train ID?
The TR2625 departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. The price is 17.60
Okay I also need a museum to go to in the centre.
The center is a great place to visit museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a preference?
No, can you recommend one?
I recommend broughton house gallery
Thank you so much, that's all I need! Take care!
Thank you, have a great trip!


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [cantonese] food.
Sorry, there are no expensive restaurants serving cantonese food. Would you like to look for something else?
Yes. An expensive [thai] restaurant would be good.
[Bangkok city] serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.
Great, can you please give me its address and phone number?
Bangkok City is at 24 Green street city and phone number is 01223 354382.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye.
Thank you, have a great day and enjoy your food.


Yes. I need a hotel with free parking. I would like it in the moderate price range.
We have quite a few of those. Do you have any other preferences? Price range, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.
There are 14 hotels that meet your criteria, do you have a preference in the area?
No I don't care about the area, but I do want a hotel and not a guest house.
Ashley hotel is a hotel located in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range. It also offers free parking and internet. Does this suit you?
That sounds good, can you also provide me with the star rating for it? Thanks
The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. Any suggestions for something fun?
There is a museum on 98 King Street named Broughton House Gallery.
That sounds interesting! May I have their phone number please? And what is the fee to get in?
Yes, their number is 01223314960 and the entry fee is free
I will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the [Ashley hotel] and [Broughton House].
I am sorry. There must have been a system glitch. The phone number for the broughton house gallery is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for correcting that. Can you book a taxi for me? I'd like to go from the Broughton House to the hotel, and leave by [5:30].
I booked you a yellow volkswagen and their number is 07162096037
Thank you! I have everything I need now.
Okay great. Do not hesitate to call us if there is anything else you need.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [asian oriental] food in cheap range.
I'd suggest [dojo noodle bar] on 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sure! This is exactly what I need!
Can you give me more information about the booking the table?
What do you mean. Would you like me to book it?
I can reserve a table for you and give you a reservation number


Greetings, I am looking for a museum to visit on the west side of town.
You can find the [cafe jello gallery] at 13 magdalene street and it's free!
Can I get the postcode for that museum please?
Cafe jello gallery's post code is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Birmingham New Street and leaves on Saturday
Where are you leaving from?
I am departing from Cambridge and would like to be in Birmingham New Street by [20:45] at the latest.
The earliest train available is train TR4975 which departs at 5:01 and arrives at 7:44. Can I book that for you?
A later train would be better, what trains arrive around 20:00?
The closest arrival to 20:00 is TR2815, departing at 18:01 and arriving at 19:44. There is also one arriving at 20:44. Would that be preferable?
What is the departure time for the one arriving at 20:44?
That would be train TR5867 departing at 18:01 and arriving at 20:44. Would this work better for you? I can help you book this one if you like.
That won't be necessary. Thank you for your help that is all I need today.
Alright, have a nice day.


Hi I am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range.
I have 5 options for you. In what area would you like to stay?
I am not particular about the area. It is all right if the hotel doesn't have free parking.
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town with free wifi and free parking.
I actually don't want free parking. Is there a hotel that doesn't have free parking?
express by holiday inn cambridge is a nice place and will suit your needs.Do you want me to book it for you ?


I need 3 rooms for nights in a cheap hotel
I can certainly help you with that. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'm actually looking for an expensive [north African] restaurant.
There are none, can I find you find you anything else?
What about [chinese] food?
There are several options for chinese food. Is there a particular area that you would prefer?
No. Just pick one. I need a table for 4 at [16:30] on Thursday. I need the reference number. Also, I need a museum in the centre.
I've booked a table for you at [Ugly Duckling] located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Your reference number is 5VYTXWH4 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks. I am looking for a museum in the centre of town. What would you recommend?
There are lots of museums in the centre. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No is there one you could recommend?
Sure I personally like the [primavera].
I'd like to get some additional information on this museum. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?
The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj. May I help with something else?
I would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.
Ok, which direction and what time?
i want it to go to my restaurant by [16:30]
Booking completed! Booked car type : black audi Contact number : 07792008199 Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks. All set.
Okay, have a great day.


I am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by [12:15].
I can book you for an arrival time by 12:07 on Friday, is that a good time?
Does that train leave from Cambridge? I need something on sunday.
Train TR1478 departs from Bishops Stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 12:07, would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I would need a booking for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G32O0XHA .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel. It does not need to have free parking.
Certainly, there are ten hotels. Do you have a preference of type, or area?
Yes I would like to stay on the East side of town.
We have 3 for you to choose from. Do you have any further preferences?
Yes, is there one that has free parking?
I have 3 of them that offer free wifi in the East. I have the Autumn House, Leverton House and Allenbell. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes book the [Autumn House] for 3 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.
You're all set, you're booking reference is 8ED0YD26 . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you!
Okay Thank you very much for calling!
That was great service, good day to you.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of Cambridge.
Sure what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about [chinese] food?
There 2 of them - the Hakka and the hotpot. Which one would you like to try?
book a table for 6 people at [11:15] on tuesday at the [Hakka]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 48WF5G7X . Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a hotel in the same area that has free parking.
The [Hamilton Lodge] sounds perfect for you. Would you like to know more?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do have internet. Shall I make a booking?
Yes please. I want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 6 people. Give me the reference number too.
Booking was successful, and your reference number is TDVD6XSM . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant.
I booked the taxi, it is a yellow tesla the contact number is 07809860598. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That is all, thank you for your help.
I'm glad we were able to help.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I have many. Could we narrow it down a bit by the type of cuisine you may be looking for?
I'd like to try [Indian] cuisine. I a table for three at [15:45] on Monday.
I can't seem to find a table that is available at that time. Would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot?
Yes, let's try for [14:45] instead.
Booking at [Curry Garden] was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3HVUQFTT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed right now. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.


Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from [Hakka] to [Sidney Sussex College].
What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at the college at [20:15].
I booked that for you. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07158145955.
Perfect. That's all for today! Bye!
Great. Have a nice day. Good Bye.


Can you give me more information about shopping?
What area of town will you be shopping in?
I will be in the west part of town, but I think I am more interested in college visits if you could help me with that.
I have 5 in the west can I recommend [churchill college]?
Sure, what's the postcode for that college?
the postcode is cb30ds
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay. Any hotels? Maybe around a 3 star, and I need wifi.
There is nothing that is 3 stars which includes wifi, can I check for something else?
Can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? I'd like a room for 2 nights on sunday, for two people.
There are no 3 star locations with parking. Sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with toay?
Actually, I wanted a 3 star hotel with wifi, not parking. Can you check again?
Sorry, I'm not seeing anything that matches your request. Would you want to try a guesthouse?
Hmm can you check one more time, it should really be a hotel.
There are two, does the area matter to you?
No the area doesn't matter as much, please provide me with the reference number.
What date are you checking in and how many are in your party?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
I'm sorry but i'm confused. Where would you like reservations at?
I need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 3 in the west.
Nothing matching your criteria exists on the west side.s location matter?
No, the location does not matter.
There are two hotels meeting your criteria. Can I recommend Gonville Hotel in the Centre area. It has parking and internet. Do you want that booking?


Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
There are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town. Would you prefer indian or italian?
I am looking for the east part of town, serving [austrian] food.
I am sorry, there is no such restaurant match your request. Would you prefer another area or another type of food?
How about [Chinese] food on the east part of town?
[Yu garden] serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like their address, phone number and postcode, please.
Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
That's all I'm looking for. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'd like a train leaving Cambridge after [09:30], please.
Can you tell me where you are looking to go to?
i am going to norwich on tuesday
I have one that leaves cambridge at 9:36 and arrives in norwich at 10:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, no I will book it later but can I please get the price of the ticket and the travel time?
The price for one ticket is 17.6 GBP which is payable at the station and it's a 79 minute ride.
Fantastic. Where could I stay that has 0 stars?
Cityroomz has 0 star rating, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the moderate price range ? And in centre of town .
Yes this hotel fits both those criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary, I will just need their address and phone number please.
Sure, their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.
It's been a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for information about museums in Cambridge, please.
What area would you prefer? I have multiple venues for you.
I wanted to visit a museum in the centre of town.
There is the [Broughton House Gallery] if you are interested?
I sure am. Can you tell me what the Entrance fees are and the address and phone number?
The phone number is 01223314960. There is no entry fee and the address is 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that leaves after [08:00] on thursday departing from ely going to cambridge.
TR2029 is the earliest train. It will depart at 9:35. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes. Please book the train for 3 people.
OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR2029. Your reference number is GBHP4IM5 . Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you!
You are welcome. Have a nice stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Looking for a cheap restaurant.
I have found some. Would you like Italian, Chinese, Asian Oriental, Indian, or Spanish food?
Do you have [Brazilian] or [Portuguese]?
[Nandos] is a portuguese restaurant in the south side of town with a cheap price range.
What is the address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.


I need to book a taxi from riverside brasserie.
Sure I can help with that. May I have the time you want to leave [riverside brasserie], or the time you need to arrive at the destination?
I would like to arrive by [24:00].
Alright, and what is your destination?
I am headed to [curry prince].
Perfect. You are all booked and can expect to be picked up in a white Tesla. The contact number is 07030002227. Will you be needing anything else?
Nope, thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I need a place to dine during my trip. It needs to be in the east and serve [northern european] food.
I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other preferences?
Can you see if there's any [Indian] restaurant?
Sure. There is a moderately priced restaurant called [Curry Prince]. Would you like to go there?
Yes. Please book us a spot for 7 people on Thursday at [13:00].
I was able to book you a table. Your reference number is F75434P4 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train on Thursday. London Liverpool to Cambridge.
There are three trains that arrive before 13:00. The closest arrival would be 11:07. What time would you like to depart?
actually i want to arrive before [10:45] if possible.
TR8805 will leave at 7:39 and arrive by 9:07. It will cost 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book seats?
Yes, I would like that for 7 people as well.
okay your total is 116.2 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation is 40B9LTO9 .
Great thank you for all your help today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving [christmas] food. Can you help me?
Sorry, I couldn't find any christmas restaurants in the south. Want to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd really like cheap Christmas food. How about in a different area?
I don't have anything that serves Christmas food and is cheap.
What about a place serving [Portuguese] food?
[Nandos] is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south, would like more information about it?
Yes, could I get the postcode?
Postcode cb17dy. Their phone and address is 01223327908, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?
I have one option for you. It is [rosa's] bed and breakfast. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.
Sure, I can help you with the booking? On what day will you be coming in?
I need to book for Friday for 5 nights.
How many people will be staying?
There will be 7 of us.
Okay, you are booked, with reference number 58HYUWPB
I also want to book a taxi to leave [Rosa's] bed and breakfast by [15:45]. I would like the contact number and car type.
I have booked a red volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07404379938.
Thanks you have been great!
Thank you and enjoy your stay here in our lovely city!


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?
Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.
To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.
unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out
Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.
One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north
There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
A moderate price range. I need 2 nights beginning Monday and the reference number. Also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.
There are 9 options. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse please. I only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.
May I recommend the [Acorn Guest House] at 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room for 1, for 2 nights starting Monday?
Yes, please. I would also like the reference number.
Would you like me to book it for you ?


I want to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.
I'm not finding anything matching your query.
I need it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking.
There is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
Ok, how about something in the moderate price range?
We have 9 that match your search. Do you have a further preference?
Yes they must have a 4 star rating with free parking. Do any of the guesthouse matches have that?
How about Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north at a moderate price range with 4 stars and free internet and parking.
That will be fine. Please provide the phone number and address.
what date would you like, how long, and how many people?
I don't need to book at this time. I just need the phone number, address, and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223353888, address is 154 chesterton road, and postcode is cb41da.
Thanks very much for your help, that's everything I needed.
You're welcome. Have a very nice day.


I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.
There are many different options for trains departing Cambridge. What date and time do you need a train on?
I need to get to Peterborough on Friday, and I have to leave after [12:30].
The first train leaving after 12:30 is TR5650 and leaves at 12:34 to get you to Petersborough at 13:24. Would this suit your needs or would you like a later one?
I'd like to book this train for 7 people, if possible.
You're all booked! 7 tickets from Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:34. Your reference number is I9UBCZW2 .
Great. Thanks for all your help.
You are more than welcome. Enjoy the journey.


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby. the hospital should have the [acute medical assessment unit] department
Addenbrookes Hospital has an acute medical assessment unit. The hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ.
Alright. Thanks and that's all I need for today.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a hotel on the north side with free parking.
Okay, there are 11 places to stay that might work. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a moderate price guesthouse.
That leaves us with about 7 options. Can I suggest the [Acorn Guest House]? It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
That sounds fine. Would you make a reservation for 4 people, 3 nights starting Monday?
Your booking was successful and reference number is 3ZYK9LO1 . Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No, that about covers it. Thanks for your help today.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


Yes I am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves [indian] food
[curry prince] is one that fits your needs
I will want it for five, on Thrusday, [15:15]
I have it booked for you. The reference number is LK03FYO8 .
Thank you! I also need info on a train. It should leave on friday [after 12:45.]
Okay, I can help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.
I have a train leaving at 13:06 and arrives in peterborough at 13:56. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, and please let me know the expense and travel time.
It is 16.50 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes. How many will the booking be for?
Actually, I don't need tickets just yet. I'm all set here. Thanks for all your help - goodbye!
Goodbye, I hope you enjoy your trip!


Book me a train from bishops stortford that arrives by [18:30].
OK, the TR0201 arrives at 18:07. Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave on tuesday and go to cambridge.
There are no trains on Tuesday.
are you sure? i need to leave tuesday.
Yes I am sure. Can you change your criteria?
No, I can not do that.
I have a train on Tuesday that arrives at 18:07. I believe that would suffice?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I can do that for you. Can you tell me how many tickets you need to book?
I need to book it for 5 people.
Your booking on TR1772 was successful. The reference number is YV3K20RP . The total fee of 50.5 is payable at the station.
Also looking for place to go in the west. I need the postcode, address and entrance fee.
There are a lot of great places to go in the west - museums, colleges, entertainment venues - what would you like to do?
Would you choose an entertainment venue for me? Museums and colleges seem so boring. I will need the address, postcode and entrance fee, please.
The only entertainment venues that I can find are colleges in the West. Is there another area you would like me to search?
Colleges are find, can you recommend one and give me the postcode, address and entrance fee?
I recommend Clare Hall. It is free admission, and the address is Herschel Road, CB39AL.
That is great, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I have everything I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day and a fantastic trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


I need to find an expensive [british] place to dine.
There are 6 results. Is there a certain area you'd like?
6 british restaurants, wow! I need a table for 2 at [12:00] on wednesday. No particular area
I have booked a table for you at [Graffiti] on the west side of town. They are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and phone number 01223277977.
Could you please provide me with the reference number for the reservation?
Absolutely. Your reference number is NS4A5CJT . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
I need a train too. I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street, can you help with that?
Sure- where are you traveling to?
I'm heading to Cambridge, I would like to make it to London Liverpool Street by [8:00] if possible.
TR7020 departs Liverpool Street at 05:39, arriving in Cambridge at 07:07. Would you like a ticket?
What is the ticket price?
The fare is 16.60 pounds. Need a booking?
Yes, I require the booking, as well as the reference number emailed or faxed to me.
Fantastic, how many people do you need tickets for?
I don't think I want to book it just yet, I am still getting a head count.
Is there anything else I may do for you right now?
That was all that I needed thanks.
Have a wonderful trip.
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.
Thank you again, good day to you.


I need to book a taxi going to [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast that leaves after [17:45].
Where would you like to depart from?
I will be leaving from [saigon city].
I have booked you a yellow bmw. The contact number is 07333936064.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all. Goodbye.
Thank you, and have a nice day!


I want to find a place that serves [halal] food. Can you help me? Not too expensive, please.
I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Would you like something different?
How about [European] food instead?
The [River Bar Steakhouse and Grill] is a modern European restaurant that looks like the least expensive option available. It is located in the centre of town. How does that sound?
That sounds good. may I have their address and postcode, please?
The river bar is located at Quayside Off Bridge Street. The postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye, and enjoy your meal!


Hey there. Can you help me find a swimming pool here in the city?
We have four such places. Got a preference for area?
Not really, no. Any area will do. Can you recommend one and provide me the phone number?
The parkside pools is in the centre area, phone number 01223446100. Can I help you any further?
No actually, that is just the information I needed. Thanks and have a good day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Do you know an [Indian] restaurants in east Cambridge?
Yes I do. What price range do you have in mind?
Price does not matter.
Curry prince may be a good choice for you.
I forgot to mention I'm looking for something in the east area. If [Curry Prince] is in the east I'll just need the phone number please.
Curry Prince is located in the east area, their phone is 01223566388. Is there any else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from Cambridge.
When are you traveling?
I will be traveling on friday.
What time do you need to depart?
I need to arrive after [14:30].
What is your destination?
My destination is stevenage.
TR7852 looks like it would work for you, would you like to book that?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people
The booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is IR34MGT4 .
That's great thank you.
Do you need anything else today?
That is all I need.
Okay, have a great day!


Can you get me information on a placed called [williams art and antiques]?
I certainly can. That's a museum in the centre, with free admission.
I would like to find a place called Williams Art and Antiques.
It is a museum located in the centre. Admission is free.
What is the address?
williams art and antiques is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery
Thank you. Can you also tell me about a restaurant called [riverside brasserie]?
The Riverside Brasserie serves modern european cuisine in the Centre area of town, it is moderately priced. I would be happy to give you more information or book a table?
I would like you to book for 8 people on [14:30] on sunday
Your reference number is WFZTQIKD .
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to go from [Williams Art and Antiques] to the restaurant. I need to be there by [14:30].
I have booked your taxi. You'll be expecting a grey lexus. The contact number is 07863326057.
Thank you, goodbye, have a nice day
Enjoy your trip! Thanks for booking through us.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called [hotel du vin bistro].
I have the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?
It is a moderately priced restaurant.
Thank you, I am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?
sure, there are five in that area.
Okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?
[c[hurchill college]] is in the west. it is free. their address is storey's way and their phone number is 01223336233. is there something else i can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college
When would you like to depart or arrive by?
I want to leave the college by [17:45].
look out for blue audi and the contact is 07704105675
Thanks so much for all of your help today. I won't be needing anything else. Bye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north of town.
There are quite a few guest houses in the north. Worth House is an inexpensive 4 star option offering both free wifi and free parking, if you'd like a recommendation.
I need an expensive one.
I'm sorry, there are no [guest houses] in the north that are expensive. There are also no expensive hotels in the north either. Would you be flexible on location?
How about one in the moderate price range?
I can search and make a few recommendations for you.
Were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? I need to book one for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
There are no matches. Are there any other locations you would like to find a guesthouse?
Is there one in the moderate range then?
Yes, I found 5 guesthouses in the moderate price range. Are you looking for any special amenities?
Nothing else, book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Ok I booked Acorn Guest House for you. Reference R9SALJYN . Their phone is 01223353888. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm going to need a ride to bishops stortford. Is there a train I could get on, around say... [10:30]?
There are trains that depart every day at 11:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 12:07. Did you have a particular day in mind?
Yes, I would like a train for Friday departing from Cambridge, please.
The TR8078 leaves Cambridge at 11:29. I can book that if you'd like, I just need to know how many seats you'll need.
Not right now, but can you tell me the per person fare?
Absolutely, the price per person is 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I should have asked before...What is the travel time? The duration?
The travel time is 38 minutes from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
Thank you, that should be all today.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I need a train that leaves on tuesday and should depart from cambridge.
I'm finding many trains departing from Cambridge on Tuesday. What is your destination?
I am going to Peterborough and want to arrive by 13:30.
I have a train that departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:34 and will get you to Peterborough at 13:24 exactly. Would you like me to book that seat for you?
Yes, please! I need 6 seats.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NH7GXPVA .
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.
Okay great. I'm glad I was able to help you.


I am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced [austrian] food.
Sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Would you like me to look for other types of food?
Oh, that's okay. How about a restaurant that serves [turkish] food?
There are two of those. I recommend [anatolia]. Their phone number is 01223362372.
That sounds good, can you reserve for me?
When would you like the booking made for?
For tuesday please.
What time and for how many people?
Actually, can I change that to Friday. I would need a reservation that day for 7 people at [18:00].
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for you and your party for 15 minutes. The reference number is XJ15IFK8 .
Do you know of any colleges in the city centre?
There are 13 options available. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please and if I can also get their the entrance fee.
christ's college is free entry or corpus christi is 2 pounds. There are 3 more options that have free entrance also.
I choose [Corpus Christi]. May I have their phone number, please?
Their phone number is 01223338000. May I find anything else for you today?
That is all I needed.
Okay, have a great day!


Hello, I would like to find the [el shaddai] hotel. Can you help me?
The El Shaddai Hotel is located at 41 warkworth street, would yo+u like the phone number?
Can I book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday please?
Your booking was successful, reference number is 8T4AJ6P9, 1 person for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the El Shaddai. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that'll do it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi I'm looking to stay at a place with a 3 star rating that has free parking
Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel.
[Gonville Hotel] is in the centre with three stars and free parking. Would that suit you?
Yes that would be just fine.
Ok I will book it for you
There are 8 of us, staying 5 nights, beginning on saturday.
Very good, I'll go ahead and try to make that booking for you.
I'll will need the reference number please.
thank you the reference number is AH91827RT45C welcome


Please help me find a restaurant that serves [Italian] food located in the centre. Thanks.
There are 9 restaurants to choose from. What is your price range?
I will need to have one that is cheap.
The one I personally recommend is [zizzi Cambridge]. It's located at 47-53 Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation for tuesday please.
How many people will staying and for how many hni.
I need a reservation for 6 people at [16:00] for this restaurant. Please provide the reference number for the booking as well.
Ok, I was able to book for your party of 6. Your reference number is W0XP7TDX . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge.
Sure, I will need a little more information first. What day and time would you like to leave and your arrival time?
I want to arrive by [9:15], leaving on Tuesday.
The earliest arrival is [6:08] is that okay?
That will work. I need the departure time and the price of a ticket.
This departs at 05:17 and the price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
thank you. that is all i need. goodbye.
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


I need to book a train to Cambridge
there a re 2,828 trains available, would you kindly narrow down your specifications
I am looking for a train that leaves Norwich on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by [14:30].
Sure, how about the TR8151 which gets into Cambridge at 13:35?
Thank you. That is all I needed today.
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south with free parking.
the lensfield hotel suits your request. Can I help you to make a reservation?
no i dont need to book it now. Just let me know their address and phone number please.
sure thing. it is at 53-57 lensfield road, phone number 01223355017.
That's all, thank you a lot.
It's my pleasure to serve you. Have a good time!


I'm looking for a restaurant that is high end [chinese].
I've found 9 high end chinese restaurants. Is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the south.
I have two, how many will be dining with you?
Which one would you recommend? I don't need a reservation, just the address and phone number.
I recommend the peking restaurant the phone number is 01223354755 and there address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
Great I also am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the south part of town too.
Sure I have several choices for you. Do you have a price range preference?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
I found one hotel, The [Lensfield Hotel]. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they also have internet available?
Yes, internet is available.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay great. Thanks I will.
Have a great day too. Goodbye.
Goodbye! I hope your day is great.


I am looking for a restaurant to dine in during my visit to Cambridge.
I would love to help! Any kinds of foods you'd prefer?
I would prefer something in the Centre area, that has a moderate price range, and serves [Afghan] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no Afghan restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any restaurants in the cenre that serve [turkish] food?
Yes we have 2 moderate priced options. Anatolia or efes restaurant. Do you have a preference? I can book a table for you if you want.
I'm not ready for a reservation, but can I get the address for [Anatolia]?
sure! it's 30 Bridge Street City Centre
I'm sorry I also need the post code.
The postcode is cb21uj. What else can I help you with today?
I'm also looking for somwehere to stay, is there anything with a star of 0?
I have not found anything with a star of zero.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [Italian] food.
Yes I have several options for you. Do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for?
Do any of them have an opening for 5 people Friday night at [17:30]?
There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center of town. I recommend Pizza Express Fen Ditton. However, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have a price range?
Is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range?
If you like asian food, I can check the Yippee Noodle bar which is in the same area and the same price range.


I need help finding a train. Can you do that?
Of course. Where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave Liverpool street on Tuesday and arrive in Cambridge.
We have 10 different trains on that day. Do you prefer a particular time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by [08:45].
TR6939 is your best option. It will leave at 05:39 and arrive at 07:07. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, I'll need 7 tickets.
Okay, do you need a reference number?
yes please tyhat you for all your help
OK, you have 7 tickets reserved on TR6939. Total due at the station will be 116.2GBP. Your reference number is OK7WYTNQ .
I also need a place to stay. 2 star is my preference.
okay, what area and price range?
In the west part of town. The price doesn't matter.
I don't have any 2 star hotels in that area. Would you like a different area or a higher rated hotel?
do you have one with a star of 4?
I do. We have three options. Two that are cheap and one that's expensive. Do you have a preference?
Try either one of the cheap ones, I need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on tuesday.
[the cambridge belfry] was the best match for a large group so I booked you there, the reference number is X33MYBK5 , may I assist with anything else?
No, thank you. That will be all.
Have a great time.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome, and have a great day.


I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves [British] food, are there any in town?
There are 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred area?
No, but I need to book a table for 4 people at [14:30] on monday.
I have confirmed your reservation at [the c[ambridge chop house]] for Monday at 14:30. Your reference number is VA1DPB9K . Do you need any further assistance?
Where are some places to go on the east side of town?
We have 10 listings for the east area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Actually, I would like you to make a recommendation for me.
I've heard the [Camboats] are fun, as well as the [Funky Fun House]. Do either of those interest you?
What's the attraction type? I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.
The [C[amboats]] are boats, while the Funky Fun House is entertainment.
Okay, I think I'd like to do the Caamboats.
Alright, I have a taxi booked to take you from Camboats to the Chop House. It will be a grey BMW, the contact number is 07699651220.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!


Can you book me a taxi to [da vinci pizzeria]?
Of course, when do you want to arrive?
I need to be there by [three forty five p.m.]
What time do you wan to leave by?
I would like to leave after [05:45].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'll be leaving from [williams art and antiques].
I have a yellow lexus with phone number 07451454919.
That you for helping me. I have all I need. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Yes, I am searching for a hotel named the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House]?
I have found the hotel. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.
I'm sorry, I was not able to book Aylesbray. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes please. I want to stay around the moderate price range though!
I have you booked for A and B Guest House. The reference number is O1UZCJC9 . Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using the service. Good bye.


Hi, are there any [fusion] restaurants on the westside?
I'm sorry there no fusion restaurants in the west would you like to try another area?
Let's try for [Vietnamese] food instead in that same area.
The [thanh binh] is the only restaurant with that cusine in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes that is fine please make reservations for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday.
i'm sorry that information was incorrect. thanh binh is located in the west. do you still want to book?
Yes for 3 people at [18:15] on a Wednesday.
Great, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : G29KXRKT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Can you tell me a little about [Castle Galleries]?
They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and their postcode is cb23bj
What kind of attraction is it?
They are a museum and the entrance fee is free. Do you need help with something else?
Yes please. Get me their phone number
Certainly! Their phone number is 01223307402.
Thank you for the information.
That will be all, thanks!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [seafood]. Can you help?
I have one, [Loch Fyne]. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, do you know how much it costs?
The restaurant is expensive.
I would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. What other options do I have?
I have 21 restaurants in the moderate price range but none serve seafood, would you like to try another type of food?
How about one that serves [modern european].
I have the [riverside brasserie] located at doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Would you like reservations?
yeah, i need reservations for 6
When would you like those reservations?
I'd like them for Friday at [18:15], please. Table for 6.
Would you like a reference number?
Of course I'd like the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BLM7RVCW .
thank you that will be all
Have a great day!


I need to book a train. I need it to leave on Sunday after [21:30]. Can you book this for me?
Where will you be departing from? And where is your destination?
I'd like to go from Norwich to Cambridge, please.
There are 2 trains leaving on Sunday. One leaves at 22:16 and arrives at 23:35 and the other leaves at 23:16 and arrives at 24:35. Do either of these work?
Yes. Go with the 22:16. Book it for 7 people please.
Booking was successful. The fee is 98.56 GBP and the reference number is MINORHOQ .
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!
You're welcome. It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of Cambridge and it needs to have a moderate price.
There are 11 places located in the North of Cambridge that are moderate price. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Either place and it doesn't matter if it has free parking or not.
I found 11 places. Is there a certain star rating you're wanting to book?
The star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 4 nights, checking in Saturday. I need a reference number please.
Okay your room is booked at the [Acorn Guest House] for Saturday. Reference number is 414S09IX . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called [curry king].
Curry King is an indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Please make a reservation for two people at [16:00] and I would like the reference number.
I booked that for you; your reference number is 5S1KPKTU . Is there anything else today?
No, that should be it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day.


I need a hotel in the north that also has free parking.
There are 2 hotels in the north part of town with parking. Would you like to book one of them?
Do either of those have a 2-star rating?
Yes, they both have a 2-star rating.
Can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on Thursday, I have no preference for which one.
Both of those hotels are completely booked up when trying to fit that criteria. Perhaps we can try different specifications?
Well, I'll have to see if I can shorten my stay then. Can you try for just 1 night?
Yes, I've booked you for 1 night at the [Ashley Hotel].
Great. Can I have the reference number please?
Of course. The reference number is TPTBTVJ9 .
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day!


Can you help me find [Restaurant One Seven]?
I have Restaurant One Seven located in Centre, phone number is 01223337766. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Can you book a table for 3 at [11:45] on Friday?
All right, I've got you booked for Friday at 11:45 for 3 people. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, can I have the number?
Certainly, your Reference number is : EWOFBMJ3 .
Thanks. That's everything for today.
thank you for using our system.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Good day.


Could you help me with some information please? I am looking for a place to stay.
Of course, do you have a price range in mind?
no. it should free packing and located in the west
We have many great hotels. Do you have a preference of star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter, thanks
If thats the case here is a nice hopital Addenbrookes Hospital
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital.
Sorry about that! how about [a and be guest house]?
Okay. Also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves [European] food.
Sure thing what price range are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range
The [Cambridge Lodge restaurant] is in the west. The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else to help you?
Yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at [14:00]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 7LDNJZEE . anything else?
Great. I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.
Where do you want to be picked up?
Picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a grey Tesla. Please call 07177768413 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.
Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Glad to have helped!


I was just in a car accident, can I please have the number for the police station?
Absolutely, the Parkside police station number is 01223358966. Do you need hospital information as well?
no thank you
Good luck with everything!


Hi! I'm looking for some entertainment in town, no particular type, I just want to get out!
How about [whipple museum of the history of science]? It's a museum!
Sounds great! Is there an entrance fee?
No, the entrance is free. Can I book you a spot?
No, but you could tell me the area.
The Whipple Museum is in the centre.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for one that is cheap and in the East. Any cuisine.
The only cheap place in the east is [The Missing Sock]. They serve some great international cuisine at an affordable price! Would you like to book a table?
Great can I book that for 8 people at [11:00] on saturday?
I'm sorry, that reservation is not available. Can you book a different day or different time slot?
Yes, can you try for [10:00] instead? I will need a reference number as well.
Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is XB60V9YZ .
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to [The Missing Sock] in time for my reservation?
Your taxi is booked! It is a black skoda and the contact number is 07979438404. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Have a great day!
You're welcome. Have a great day as well!


I am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.
The only hotel that fits that description is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, but there are also several guesthouses if you are interested.
Is the [Express by Holiday Inn] cheap? And have a star of 4?
It is in the expensive price range with a 2 star rating.
Hm, I would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.
Autumn House has all your requirements except it not being a Holiday Inn Express. Would you like a booking there?
I just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?
Okay! They do have internet. Their postcode is CB58RS, and their phone number is 01223575122.
Sounds great. Could I also get info on a train for monday?
Please give me your departure and destination. And what time do you want to leave at.
It should depart Cambridge to Peterborough. I need to be there by [21:30]. I need reservations for 8. Can I get a reference number please?
TR9003 will have you there by 7:56. Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AV90SV4C
Thanks for all of your help today. That is all I need. Bye.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


HI, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city.
I have 2 restaurants on the south side that are cheap. One serves chinese and the portuguese. Would you like to book one?
Let's try the [Portuguese] restaurant. I need a reservation for Monday at [14:30] for 3 people please.
I am sorry. The Portuguese Restarauant, Nandos, is completely booked at that time. Should I try the Chinese restaurant instead?
Do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range?
the lucky star is in South part of town and is available.Would you like the address ?


I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town.
There are two options available, which would you prefer cheap or expensive?
Either is fine. Can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights? We'll arrive on Friday.
I do recommend [huntingdon marriott hotel], but it is in the expensive price range. I want to confirm this is okay before booking.
That sounds great. Thanks.
Your booking for a party of 7 arriving on friday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is DZ1T0E9N . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all. Thanks for the help. Bye.
Thank you, have a great day, goodbye!


Are there any trains going to cambridge from kings cross?
There are several. What is your departure day and time?
My departure day is Monday at [15:45].
The closest train I have leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get the travel time and departure time first?
Train TR9114 leaves at 15:17 and is a trip duration of 51 minutes. Do you want me to book it?
Oh, no, I see that train will not work for me. I need to arrive by [15:45], not depart by it. I'm sorry. Could you find me another?
I have train TR3194 that departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Would that train be better for you?
Yes, that would work better. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?
The travel time is 51 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like free wifi as well.
Of course! I have a dozen hotels that meet your needs. What type of place are you looking for? A certain price range or star rating, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel that includes free parking and wifi.
The [acorn guest house] meets this criteria. Should we book something?
Could I get the phone number and address please?
The phone is 01223353888 and the address is 154 chesterton road.
Okay great. That is all I need now.
Thank you and have a great trip!


I'm looking for a [greek] restaurant that is moderately expensive.
I apologize I have no greek restaurant that is moderately expensive, or moderate or expensive is that is what you intended. Would you like another cuisine type?
Please try one that serves [Turkish] food.
[Meze bar restaurant] is available
Can you book a table for 5 people at [18:00] on Monday?
I've reserved a table for you. Anything else?
Yes, can I please get the reference number?
Of course, I'm so sorry that I didn't provide that earlier. Your reference number is BA8FS8Z5 . Do you need any other assistance today?
No, thanks for your help. Bye.
You are welcome. Have a nice meal. Bye.


I'm looking for a restaurant the serves [austrian] food in the centre.
I'm sorry, but no restaurants match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about something in the expensive price range?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town, but no austrian ones. In fact, there are no austrian restaurants in all of cambridge.
Ok, how about an expensive [Italian] restaurant around the centre?
Would you like to book [don pasquale pizzeria]? It matches all of your latest criteria.
Yes. I'd also like their phone number please.
Don Pasquale Pizzeria's phone number is 01223350106, what date, time, and number of people would you like to book?
That's all the info I need on the pizzeria. I also need a train to leave after [20:15] and depart from stansted airport.
The first train leaves from stansted airport on friday at 20:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually I need a train on Sunday, please.
Alright, I have the earliest on Sunday leaving at 20:24 from Stansted Airport. Should I book this train for you?
What is the arrival time in Cambridge?
The 20:24 train from stansted arrives in cambridge at 20:52. It's a quick, 28-minute trip!
What is the name of the stop where I need to get off for the restaurant?
the train stop is cambridge.
Should I book this train for you?
There are 4 trains available one leaves at 20:24 would that work for you?
I will just need the arrival time please.
The arrival time for TR2021 is 20:52.
Please book that train for me.
I would be happy to book TR2021 for you. The cost is 8.08 a ticket. How many tickets will you need?
That's actually all I need this afternoon. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need any more information.


I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Sunday.
Alright. What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.
I have TR7423 that leaves at 05:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would you like me to book this?
what time in minutes does the journey take?
The trip takes a total of 51 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for places in the centre of the town to visit for architecture. Do you have any suggestions?
There are several. The churches are very nice, I especially like [Holy Trinity Church]. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
Sure that works. What's the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee at Holy Trinity Church. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. goodbye!
Have a lovely day!


I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
What price range are you looking for?
I don't care about that. I do want a place with a 4-star rating.
There are 16 entries here. Personally I recommend [allenbell].
That sounds good as long as it's got parking. Can you get me the address?
How about the Allenbell? The address is 517a coldham lane.
Sounds great. Thanks for your help, that is all I need. Bye.
Thank you and have a great day, goodbye.


Can you have a taxi pick me up from [el shaddai]?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'll be going to [gonville hotel] and need to arrive by [06:45]. Let me know the taxi type and their contact info.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow toyota Contact number : 07796401968
awesome, thank you!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful stay in Cambridge! Bye.


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address and phone number?
I show several expensive restaurants on the south side of town. What kind of food would you like?
Any kind. I don't care. also give me the phone number and address .
[Frankie and bennys] is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
goodbye.


I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.
What is your price range?
My price range is moderate.
Fourteen good choices for you, what part of town would you prefer?
North area please.
that narrows it down to 8 options. any other preferences?
No, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on Tuesday, if possible.
The [Acorn guesthouse] come highly recommended, shall I book a room for you there?
Yes, I need a booking for this tuesday please.
Great, I have booked a room at this hotel to your required specifications. Your booking was successful and your reference number is 468MRI75 .
I would also like some [Italian] food in the area.
I'll be happy to help with that! [Da Vinci Pizzeria] is located in the same area as the hotel. Would you like to book a table?
I would like to be able to leave the restaurant by 13:00, can you book a table that allows us the time needed to eat. I also need the address for the restaurant.
Do you want the reservations for 6 people on Tuesday? Also, does 11:30 sound good?
A reservation isn't necessary. Instead, please find me a taxi to get me there.
Where will the taxi be picking you up?
I want to leave the restaurant by [13:00] to go back to the hotel.
Great. I have booked your ride. The driver will be in a grey Honda. The contact number is 07036773772.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed today. Goodbye!
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I need to be picked up by a taxi at [la margherita] today sometime today after [14:00]
Ok where is your departure site?
I'm leaving the la margherita.
You are booked. Your car is a yellow audi and your contact number is 07421829709
Thank you very much!
Happy to help! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Just want to make sure that the taxi will go to [avalon]. Thank you very much, goodbye.
We have the destination as la margherita and departing from alexander b&b.


I am looking for a museum in the town centre.
May I suggest [Primavera] located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708. Admission is free.
Sounds perfect. What is the postcode?
The post code is cb21sj. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will be all thank you.
Thank you and have a pleasant visit, goodbye!


Hello! Can you please give me information about [Ruskin Gallery]?
ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre. The entrance is free and they are located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01245493131. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Also looking for a restaurant that serves [Lebanese] food in the moderate price range.
[Ali baba] is a lebanese restaurant with a moderate price range. Do you want to book it?
Is it located in the centre?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to book it?
Yes for 5 people at [16:00] on friday.
Booking was successful and the reference number is : E089XI1O .
Great. Thank you so much for booking that.
What else may I help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
We are happy to help you with some information for our city. What specifically can I assist you with today?
I need a place to stay in the west
I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me if there is an area of town you prefer?
In the west. A cheap hotel with free parking.
The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel with free wifi and parking. The phone is 01954714600. Can I help with a booking?
Just the postal code please?
The postal code for that hotel is cb236bw.
Thanks! I also need help finding a train.
Where are you traveling to and from and on what day and at what time?
I'm leaving from Norwich. I'll need to arrive at Cambridge on Monday by [08:15].
I found the TR9020 leaving at 05:16. How many tickets would you like to book?
grab me 8 tickets please and I need the conf # too
I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DK26RL4O . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, thats all I need today
you are most welcome
have a good day.
Please feel free to reach out to us if you have additional requests. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by [09:15].
I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.
Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.
Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q .
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?
I need to know what you're looking for first.
I am looking to find a guesthouse in the centre of town.
May I recommend Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the centre of town.
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are expensive?
No there are not. Would you like me to book the Alexander bed and breakfast for you?
how about one that is in the type of hotel?
I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels either. Would you like to try another star rating or area?
Are there any guesthouses in another area close by?
I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different price range or star rating?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in Cambridge?
Based on the criteria, there are no 4 star guesthouses that are expensive anywhere in Cambridge.
I do not want to stay in a guesthouse. I want to stay in a hotel please.
I have found two 4 star hotels that are in the expensive price range. One is located in the west, and the other Centre. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry. The guesthouse would be my preference. It should be 4 star rated and in the town center. What's available that meets those specifications?
I'm sorry, there are not guesthouses that meet your criteria. There is 1 guesthouse that is 4 stars in the cheap price range in that area of town.
Is there a possibly a hotel instead then?
Okay. I have the [University Arms] that is in the center, rated 4 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking?
Yes of course they do, would you like a booking?
No, but can you give me the post code, please?
Yes, their postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Nope, that's it, thanks for your help!
Please let us know if we can help you in the future. Goodbye.


Hi! I need a train to Leicester. I want to leave after [14:45].
No problem. What day will that be for?
For Thursday please and I want to go to Cambridge.
TR939 leaves cambridge and goes to leicester at 15:21 would that work for you?
Actually I need a train leaving leicester going to Cambridge. Not the reverse.
I'm sorry. Yes, train TR1575 will arrive in Cambridge by 16:54. It leaves Leicester at 15:09. Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number, if possible.
You got it, 5 tickets were booked, reference number is 2YCGD64V .
Thank you for your help.
No problem. Glad to be of assistance.


I've just been robbed. What should I do?
Call the Parkside Police Station - 01223358966 Are you ok?
Thank you goodbye
Have a nice day, Goodbye


I need a place to stay with free wifi.
Yes, there are multiple places to stay in Cambridge. May I help narrow down these choices for you?
I don't care about what part of town it is in, but I would like a 3 star guesthouse.
I'd suggest [bridge guest house] on 151 hills road. Would you like a reservation?
How expensive is it ? And is there any nearby attractions ?
The Bridge Guest House is in the moderate price range, and we have attractions in all areas of Cambridge so I'm sure you will find something to your liking.
Can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Wednesday?
I was able to book the room for you your reference number is 5YY25K1O . Is there anything else you need me to do for you?
No, you've been very helpful. That's all I needed. Thank you very much.
You are welcome.
Actually, I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
The [Kymmoy] is expensive and in the centre of town
I need to book a table for the same group of people at [20:00] the same day. I need the reference number as well.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UF08L0ON . Anything else that I may help you with.
Yeah, I'd like a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number.
Taxi is booked. It's a black volkswagen, phone number 07609143114. Is that all for now?
yes, that's everything for me. Thanks for helping, goodbye
Thank you for using our services.


I need a moderately prices two start hotel in the north with wifi. Can you help?
Would you need parking?
No. I just misspoke. I'm looking for a moderately priced [Spanish] restaurant.
How about [La Tasca] that serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
I would like a table on Sunday.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes. I need the reference number and would like to know of some places to visit in the same area.
What time would you like your reservation for and for how many people? We will work on your attraction once we get the restaurant booked.
[12:15] on Sunday for 2 people.
Booking at La Tasca was successful. Your reference number is XV1087FK . What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't need an attraction. I am done for now. Thank you.
Okay, have a great time during your stay!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
okay can you be a little more specific?
I'm looking for a train to arrive by [21:45] on wednesday.
OK, what station would you like to depart from and which station would you like to arrive at?
It would be from broxbourne to cambridge, I will need to book that for two people.
TR6477 will arrive in cambridge on wednesday by 21:32. I booked 2 tickets. The fee is 25.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3800N2KU . Wiil that be all?
I also need a place in the centre that serves [indian] food.
curry garden is expensive, kohinoor is cheap. Do these interest you?
Can you book a table for us at [Curry Garden] at 13:45?
Sure thing! How many people, what time, and what day?
book a table for the same group of people at [13:45] on the same day.
Reference number is : 6JOS1HJY . Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks. Goodbye now!
Do you need anymore help?


I am looking for a Saturday train departure from Cambridge
What destination would you like me to look for?
I'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after [21:15].
There are 2 trains that fit this request. One at 21:29 and another at 23:29. Did you want me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the train for 23:29.
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need a booking, but can you tell me the train ID, travel time, and arrival time of that train?
TR0123 is the train ID. It leaves at 23:29 and arrives at 24:07. Did you need any more information about the train?
No, but I need to find a restaurant. It should serve [vietnamese] food and it should be in the north.
Unfortunately, I'm not seeing any Vietnamese restaurants in the north. Would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine?
How about a [Chinese] restaurant. Ideally expensive.
Hakka and The Hotpot are both expensive Chinese restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like a table at one of these?
I'd like to reserve a table for 3 at [The Hotpot] for [10:00] Saturday. I'll need a reference number as well.
I've booked that for you. The reference number is ZAV4B1D8 . What else can I help you with?
That'll be everything. Thank you!
You're welcome! Thanks for using our services.


Is there a [thai] restaurant in the centre of town?
Yes, there is one Thai restaurant in that area. Would you like more details on this restaurant?
What is the address?
the address is 24 green street city centre
What is the phone number and price range?
Bangkok City is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you find?
No, that's all the information I needed. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
There are many places to go in the centre of Cambridge: marvelous architecture, colleges, museums, theatres, and more. Are any of these options particularly interesting to you?
I'm not picky, I'm totally open to suggestions. Can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?
Oh, wonderful. I'd recommend Club Salsa, on 1 Station Road. It's a nightclub and the entrance fee is 5 GBP, but it's worth it!
I'm also looking for a hotel. I want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.
I have 5 results of places with 3 star ratings. To help narrow it down a bit, what area do you prefer and what price range?
Sure, how about something cheap?
There are no cheap hotels with that search. Would you like a different price range?
Anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.
[bridge guest house] is a moderately priced 3 star hotel in the south with internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on Tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. I also would like a taxi.
Success! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 8E1NHOEK . Anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the [Club Salsa] by [17:30] heading back to the hotel.
A black Toyota will pick you up at 17:30 at Club Salsa to take you back to the Bridge Guest House. Contact number is 07280181013. Will that be all?
That's great! That's all I need. Thanks.
Great! Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!


I need a restaurant that serves [Turkish] food.
There are two moderately priced Turkish restaurants and one expensive one, all in centre area. Do you have a price range preference?
I do not have a preference.
anatolia serves turkish food in the moderate price range
What is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range?
[Efes restaurant]. Do you have any additional questions?
What is the address and price range?
they are in the moderate price range and the address is King Street City Centre
what is the food type they are good at ?
They serve turkish food.
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye. Thank you for contacting us.


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I don't have a preference.
[Prezzo] is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the moderate price range.
What is the address?
prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Do you want the phone number?
No, thank you. That is all I wanted to know. Good bye.
Thank you for using the system. Good bye.


Find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.
There are 5 results. Would you like chinese, indian, italian, or mexican food?
I would like a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food.
There are two great choices. The good luck chinese food takeaway and the [peking restaurant]. Would you like me to book you one?
No, I'm just interested in the address and phone number right now.
10 Hometown Street City Centre and phone is 01223354755


Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [Danish] food.
I'm afraid there are no Danish restaurants in the city. Is there another cuisine you'd like?
How about [thai]?
There are two restaurants serving Thai food. Is the expensive price range okay for you?
I don't care.
bangkok city is a nice thai restaurant in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
Centre please
Correct, [Bangkok City] is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the specific contact information?
Yes, I will need their address and phone number.
The address is 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382.
thank you very much!
You are welcome!
Thank you goodbye.
you are welcome, goodbye


I am looking for the restaurant [Nandos].
Would you like the Nandos in the south or centre?
Anywhere, I would just like it to be Nandos. I would like to book a table.
Sure, how many people will be dining on what day at one time?
4 people, Friday, 15:45. But [14:45] is also okay. Please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful for the 14:45 time. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : I915UV13 . Do you need anything else?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help!
You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye.


I'm looking for information on the Parkside Police Station.
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG. The Telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was that that the full address for the police station?
yes that was!
Thank you that was all the information I needed.
Great! Have a wonderful day and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge.


I am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the centre area.
Do you have a particular attraction type in mind? There are colleges, cinemas, museums, nightclubs and more. Do any of those interest you?
I think a nightclub would be interesting. Do you have a favorite?
I would recommend the soul tree nightclub in the centre of town.
Okay, great. Do you have a phone number for the nightclub?
The phone number is 01223477900. Can I help with anything else?
I'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. Can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town?
Sure what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I think [Indian] food sounds good, please provide me with their phone number.
It looks like there aren't any moderately priced Indian places in the centre. Can I check another section of town, perhaps?
Same area is fine, any type of place will work, Ill go with what you recommend.
There is none in that area,would you like to try something else
Sure, any kind of food that is moderately priced and in the same area would be great.
I'm sorry it took so long for me to figure out what you meant. I'd recommend the [Yippee Noodle Bar], would you like me to book it for you?
I just want their phone number please
Their number is 01223518111.
Thank you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at [18:45]?
Sure, what will your destination be?
I need to go to the [soul tree nightclub].
Your booking is completed, a blue toyota will be picking you up.
What is the contact number?
I apologize, the contact number is 07415118557, can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you, have a great weekend.
You too! Enjoy your time with us here in Cambridge!


I want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number?
Would you prefer Indian food or Italian food?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
[Curry Prince] is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes give me the phone number.
The phone number for Curry Prince is 01223 566388.
Awesome, thank you! Goodbye!
You're welcome, goodbye.


Hello, can you recommend any theatres in the Centre of town, please?
I really love [The Cambridge Corn Exchange] located on Wheeler Street. I don't have admission information, but you can call them at 01223357851.
You don't have what it costs to get in? I need the entrance fee if you would please
I'm sorry we do not have the entrance fee, only the phone number which is 01223357851.
I also need a place to stay with free parking but internet isn't needed.
I have about 29 choices. Is there a certain price range or area you prefer?
Thank you! I don't care about the price range, but I would like to stay in the East part of town, please.
I like the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Can I get you information on it?
Sorry, my wife just said that we won't stay in a hotel with any less than 4 stars, do you have something that meets that criteria?
I don't have any 4 star hotels, but I do have several 4 star guesthouses. [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse.
Is it in the east part of town
Yes, it is located on the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
yes for 7 for 5 nights starting saturday, and I need the reference number too please
Ok. I was to take care of that for you. Your reference number is GURAZE8G .
Excellent, thank you for your help today! That will be all.
Glad to be of help! have a great day!


I need a train from stevenage to cambridge
There are 70 results. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to leave?
I need to leave on saturday and arrive by [18:30]
TR0545 can get you there by 16:43, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please get me 5 tickets for that
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DZN9X4BU . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
There are 9 restaurants in the west that are considered expensive. You have a choice of Thai, Indian, British or European. Which do you prefer?
I'd love to have some [Indian] food.
There are 5 Indian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please! Can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at [21:00] on the same day as the train?
Ok, I've booked you and your guests for Saturday at [Tandoori Palace], 68 Histon Road Chesterton, Reference # 170ZCNIC .
Thank you very much.
enjoy your stay in cambridge


looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range
There are several moderately priced restaurants. Do you have a preference to the area of town?
I don't care about the area of town, but I'd like [cuban] food.
There are no results for moderately priced Cuban food restaurants. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any [international] restaurants in the moderate range?
There is an international restaurant in the moderate range called The Varsity Restaurant in the centre area of town.
Can I get the address and postcode, please?
The address of The Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 A.R.
Thank you good bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.
I'm sorry there are no 5 star hotels in the area. Are there any hotels I can help you find?
Truly? I'm sorry, I'm just surprised Cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. Well, I need something moderately priced.
I think you would enjoy the [Lovell Lodge] which is in the North and is moderately priced.
That sounds good I would like to book a room
great, how many nights are you staying?
I will be staying 2 nights.
OK, and what day will you arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I will be arriving on Friday and I need it for 8 people please.
I was able to book it, reference is U02SQUS1 .
Great. I also need a train from cambridge leaving after [11:15].
Okay I can certainly help you with that. Could you tell me where your arrival destination will be? And your day of travel?
Going to Broxbourne on Saturday
Okay, TR9098 departs Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne by 13:01 on Saturday. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. Yes, please book that. I'll also need a reference number.
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 8 tickets for the train please. I also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. Is it a 4 star hotel?
It is only 2 stars.
Ok I need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.
There are no 4 stars in that area.
Okay, that will be fine.
Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all.
Your welcome, enjoy your stay.


I would like to find somewhere with expensive [Kosher] food.
I'm not seeing any expensive Kosher restaurants, would you like to try a different price range perhaps?
Sure. I also need the restaurant to be in the center.
Sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all. Would you like another food type?
Sure, let's try [Italian] instead.
There are 4 expensive Italian restaurants in the center of town. I suggest Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Caffe Uno sounds great. Can I get their phone number, please?
Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you! Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
[Chiquito restaurant bar] is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and the price range is expensive. Would you like their address?
Sounds great. What is their phone number?
Their number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Bye bye.
You hang up first, sir!


I'm trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday and going to Cambridge. Can you help?
What is your destination?
I'm headed to cambridge.
I'm sorry, I needed to ask you from where would you be departing?
I will be departing from Ely.
The earliest train leaves at 5:35 and the latest at 23:35. They run every 2 hours. What time would you like to depart or arrive?
i want to leave after [14:45]
How about TR9823 departing ely at 15:35 and arriving in cambridge at 15:52? Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Wait. Leaving for London king not Ely. I am going to Cambridge. I need a train for that.
TR7931 departing London Kings Cross at 15:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 116:08. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Could I get the price and the travel time for that train?
It is 18.88 pounds and last a total of 51 minutes.
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [the varsity restaurant].
It is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre. It is a moderately priced international restaurant.
Thanks for the info! Can you please book me a table for 7 people at [18:45] on Sunday?
Booking confirmed. Reference number is : HAJW2I1I . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for all your help today. I appreciate it.
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


Where can I find directions to Addenbrookes Hospital?
The address to this hospital is Hills Rd, Cambrige, postcode CB20QQ. If you would like to call the hospital for further information the number is 0122324515.
Thank you for that information. Can you give me directions please
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you with directions.
Okay, thank you! Goodbye.
Goodbye!


I need to book a train leaving cambridge on thursday can you help me?
Absolutely! To help narrow your search, where would you like to arrive at?
I need to arrive no later than [18:30].
We have quite a few trains that fit that criteria, what destination do you have in mind?
Can you find me one that will arrive in Norwich please
I have a train that arrives at 17:55, if that's acceptable?
Yes that would be fine what is the price?
The price is 17.60. Would you like me to book that for you/
I'm also looking for things to do in the centre, would it be possible to get phone numbers for the various attractions?
All saints church 01223452587, great saint mary's church 01223350914, pembroke college 01223338100
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you!
you're welcome. thank you for using our sysyem.
Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!


I'm looking for an expensive [Sri Lankan] restaurant.
There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try searching for a different type of cuisine?
How about [british] food instead?
Which side of town would you prefer?
The side of town isn't important to me, as long as it is on the pricey side.
The Oak Bistro is a nice place would you like to try that one ?


I was robbed and I am looking for help
Tell me where you are and I will send the police.
I don't know I am new to this area, please just give me the phone number to the police station.
The Parkside Police Station can be reached at 01223358966.
Ok, thank you for your help.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


IM looking for a train that arrives by [9:15] and leaves Tuesday
What will be your departure location and destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and am going to stansted airport.
What time would you like to depart?
departure time does not matter as long as it arrives by 9:15. Can you give me the travel time and price please?
The earliest is the TR1656 which leaves at 05:40, arriving at 06:08. Travel time on that is 28 minutes, and the price is 10.10 pounds. What else can I help with?
I'd like to visit a theatre in the east part of town.
There are unfortunately no theaters located in the east. Would you like me to try something else?
What about a park?
There is one park, Cherry Hinton Water Play. The address is [Cherry Hinton Hall], Cherry Hinton Road. Admission is free. Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Goodbye.


Sure, I want some help finding a restaurant in Cambridge, please.
I can help you with that. What's the name of the restaurant you're looking for?
I don't have a specific restaurant in mind. I'm looking for an [Indian] restaurant.
I have several Indian restaurants available. What price range and part of town would you prefer.
I want an expensive one in the centre.
there is one called Curry garden, it is in 106 Regent Street City Center.


I need help finding a restaurant please.
What kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit?
I would really like to find someplace serving [thai] in the centre of town.
[Bangkok city] serves thai food in the centre. Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at [19:30] on Sunday.
You are booked for Bangkok city. Your reference number is 64OEFCHO . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that is all thanks. Good bye.
Have a great day, and please call us again if you need anything else. Bye!


one in the East part of town
There are several restaurants in the east part of town. Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range?
and serves [irish] style food please
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the east part of town that serve Irish food. Would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food?
[Indian] food in the east part of town would be good.
There are four restaurants in the east part of town that serve Indian food. What price range would you like?
It doesn't matter.
[Curry Prince] is an Indian restaurant located in the east part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like any additional information?
May I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 566388.
What is the address?
curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you
good bye
Good bye.


Hi I want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town.
There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant Which food type would you prefer?
One that serves [italian] food.
That would be the [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton], at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes any one of them would be find. A table for 4 at [13:30] on tuesday please.
It is not open then, perhaps another day, place or time?
No, I really need it for that time and area. Maybe the [indian] restaurant if it is in the same price range?
Yes. I was able to book a table for 4 at [Curry Prince] for Tuesday at 13:30. Reference number is 34FPHM6M . Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you that should be all.
Thank you for using our system today!


I need an inexpensive restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There is nothing cheap in centre. Can you expand your price range?
Not really, try [kosher] food types.
I'm sorry, but there is no Kosher restaurant in the area, can I check other part of town?
How about one that serves [Asian Oriental] food?
I've located 2 inexpensive restaurants, Dojo noodle bar and J Restaurant. Which would you like?
I'll try the [noodle bar]. I'd like to reserve a table as well.
How many people would you like to reserve a table for? And, what time and day would you like to make the reservation?
for seven people on wednesday.
Sure, I can book that. What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation to be at [16:00] please.
Okay. Your booking at the Dojo Noodle Bar was successful. The reference number is 0EGLWEQK . Can I help with anything else today?
Great, now I need a train to leave on Thursday departing from cambridge going to peterborough, it needs to arrive by [14:30].
How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book any tickets. I just need the train id, travel time and departure time please.
TR7098 departs Thursday at 05:06 and has a travel time of 50 minutes.
Thanks. You have been so helpful with the restaurant and train. That's all. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
[Grafton hotel restaurant] is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town serving british food. Would you like their location?
Address and phone number, please
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 241387.
Ok thank you and good bye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal.


Hello. I am looking for a hotel called [gonville hotel].
the gonville hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel in the centre part of town. they have free wifi and free parking. should i book it?
Yes, I am looking for a booking for 8 people starting Saturday, please.
How many nights would you like to stay?
two nights starting from Saturday for 8 people.
I have that accommodation made for you, thank you!


Looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday.
I have trains all leaving cambridge going to london kings cross on wednesday. First one leaves at 05:00 last at 13:00 and its a 51 minute ride
I would liek to arrive by [13:00], can I book the one that leaves at [12:00]
Sorry, but I don't have anything leaving at 12:00 but I have train TR9781 that leaves at 11:00 and will get you there by 11:51. How does that sound?
That sounds fine. What's the price?
The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
One ticket will work.
Booked! You'll pay at the station. Your reference number is: 0140Z2O7 .
Thanks. I'm also looking for a concerthall to visit. Are their any in the west?
Unfortunately there aren't any. Could you like to try other areas?
how about one that is in the type of museum.
I have the [Cafe Jello], which has free admission.
That's awesome! What's their phone number?
The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Can I help you find anything else?
That's everything. Thanks for the help.
We hope you enjoy your trip.
Thanks so much again! Goodbye!
You're welcome, goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side of town
I have several in the north part of town. Is there a particular number of stars or price range you are looking for?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the north.
I have 8 different hotels in that range. All offer free wifi, do you have a preference? I personally like the [Home from Home] guesthouse.
Can you book it for me?
yes when were you planning your stay and for how many please?
Yes 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please
You are all set, the reference number is 4GZP4QEF, may I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a museum.
There are over 20 museums. Would you like to visit a museum in the north near your hotel?
I just want you to recommend one you think is best and then please tell me the entrance fee and area
The [Broughton House Gallery] is in the centre and is free.
Thanks, I don't need anything else.
Okay, goodbye! I hope you have a nice time!


Any trains from stansted airport?
The next train to be leaving from Stansted Airport is at 5:24 on Friday. It will get to Cambridge at 5:52.
I need a train that leaves on Sunday.
There's a train that leaves Stansted airport at 08:24 and gets to Cambridge at 8:52. I can look up an earlier or later one if you prefer
I just need to arrive by [19:15], so could you find one closer to that time, please?
Train TR1008 will arrive by 08:52. Should I get you tickets for that one?
Could you tell me how long that train ride is?
That ride takes exactly 28 minutes.
Are there any swimming pools in the area?
There is one pool called the [Parkside Pools] on Gonville place. Will that work?
Think I will take a dip there, can you let me know if there is an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is not available online at the moment. The phone number is 01223446100 if you'd like to call and check. Can I help you with anything else?
no, that's it. thanks for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.


Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any information on the [Bridge Guest House]?
Yes, it is on the south side of town in the moderate price range. Do you need more information?
Yes can I get the hotel type and phone number?
Certainly. It's a guest house. The phone number is 01223247942.
That is all I needed. Thank you!
Okay. Let us know if you need further assistance.


I need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and moderately priced.
Sure, there are some nice guesthouses to choose from. Would you like to stay in the north, south, or west of town?
Centre, please! Thanks!
Unfortunately there aren't any hotels available in the area that are moderately priced. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Ok that's fine, let's try something in the west then please, I really need a room
There is [Hobsons House] located in the West that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room now?
Yes. That sounds good. Can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from monday?
It is not open then, maybe a shorter stay?
Okay, try just 1 night instead.
I booked your room for 1 night. Your reference number is IR6YZXFD . Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with [english] food?
There is no restaurant serving english food. Anything else?
Could you try again, English food, moderate priced in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving English food in the city. Would you like to try another cuisine? Maybe British?
Yes, can you list some that serve [Indian] food?
There are 22 Indian restaurants do you have a price range and area you prefer?
I'd like it in the same price range and area as the hotel, please.
There is the [Meghna] restaurant that fits your criteria.
I'll take that for [12:30] on monday for 1 person.
Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L5A3CSWF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope! That should do it, thanks!
Thank you, let us know if you need any more help. Good bye.


I need to book a taxi from [Kings College] to the [lensfield hotel]. I need to arrive by [10:00] and need the car type and contact number.
The contact number is 07502362913. It will be a white audi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
It was my pleasure! Have a nice day!


Please help me find a guesthouse to stay in that has free wifi.
I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't care. I want a 5 star rating though.
I would need an area to narrow the search for you.
Any are would be fine. Can you just check if you have anything that's 5 star rated?
I do not have anything that meets that criteria.
How about one that is a 0 star?
I have two with a 0 star rating, one in the north and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
No, it doesn't matter. Thank you.
I recommend [El Shaddai]. Can I get you information on it?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
You are booked with reference number 9N3UAJNA . Anything else I can help with?
Thanks. I also need a train departing from Cambridge after [11:00].
There are many, would you be departing on Sunday?
4 people leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street on Friday, departing after 11:00. Please give me the travel and arrival time as well as the price.
Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 7LBIW6SB .
Thank you and please inform of the travel time and departure time.
You'll be leaving Cambridge at 11:59 on Friday, for a travel time of 88 minutes.
Okay. Thank you for al your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am all set.
Have a nice day.


Are there any [Swedish] restaurants in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I do not show any Swedish restaurants. Is there another type of restaurant I could find for you?
Yes an you search for [christmas] food?
I am sorry I do not have anything listed matching that request. Any other type of food?
What about a moderately priced [European] restaurant? I need a reservation for 3 people at [14:30] on Thursday. Could you provide the reference number after making the reservation?
There are 11 different restaurants serving European food. What area of town would you like?
I don't have a preference on the area. If you could recommend on that would be great.
If I may, might I suggest The [Michaelhouse Cafe]. They are located at St. Michae's Church Trinity Street City Centre. They have amazing food.
Sounds like an excellent choice. Please proceed with making a reservation. Thanks!
You're all booked. Reference number is OBL5NIMY .
I also need a train to leave Friday and arrive by [08:15] from bishop stortford by cambridge. Can you give me the depart time?
TR3450 leaves at 7:29. Can I help you with anything else today?
I actually need the train to arrive at Bishops Stortford, not depart from. So sorry for the confusion.
train TR2061 should fit you.
Great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford?
The departure time is still the same, 7:29.
Alright. That is all I needed. Thank you very much.
Have a great time.


Hi, I need to find out information on trains leaving Cambridge and going to Broxbourne. Can you help me?
Yes the first train leaves at 05:01 the last at 09:01, did you have a particular time in mind?
I was looking to leave after [11:45] but it seems that it is not possible.
What day are you looking to depart?
I would like to depart Friday.
We do have many trains leaving after 11:45. TR4266 leaves Cambridge at 12:01. Would you like to book this train?
Er, sorry, I actually needed that train on Sunday, not Friday.
TR2939 leaves Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne at 13:01. For how many people would you like to purchase transport?
That's all the info I needed on the train, I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking in the north.
There are 11 places with free parking in the north. Would you like a recommendation or would you rather narrow down your search?
I also need free wifi, and I would prefer a hotel if that is possible
Ashley Hotel in the north is moderately priced with 2 stars and provides free internet and parking. It is a hotel. Would you like for me to book it? There is only one other hotel. It also has 2 stars. The remainder are guesthouses with free parking and internet mostly 4 stars.
Yes, can you book 4 nights at the [Ashley Hotel] starting on Wednesday? That is for 8 people.
I cannot process that booking, please change booking date or reduce the number of days.
How about a 3 day stay instead? Please get me the reference number if the booking is successful.
No problem. For 3 days at Ashley Hotel with 8 people, you reference number is V499X99C . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a particular hotel in cambridge, but I cant remember what its called. Can you help me?
Well, I have 33 hotels in my database. Do you know what part of town it's in, or perhaps the price range?
Actually I am looking for a particular hotel called the [hobsons house].
Ah, yes. Hobsons house. What information would you like about it?
I am wondering where it is located, what type of hotel, and how much it costs, please.
Sure, hobsons house is in the west area, address is 96 barton road, it is a guesthouse, I unfortunately do not have the price.
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for one that departs from Cambridge for Leicester. It should arrive by [18:00] and needs to leave on Sunday.
I have several trains that arrive before 18:00, is there a particular time you would like to leave by?
No, any one that arrives before 18:00 would be fine.
There is a train that leaves at 5:21 and arrives at 7:06. The price per ticket is 30.24. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. I think that's all I need today, thank you very much.
Will you be traveling alone for this trip? If not how many tickets will you be needing?
I do not need any tickets booked. Thank you for all of your help today. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.


Hi, where can I find the [Autumn House] hotel?
The Autumn House Hotel is located at 710 Newmarket Road which is on the east side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Not yet but can I get the postcode and address please?
Address is 710 Newmarket road with a postcode of cb58rs
Thank you. I also require information on trains going into Cambridge next thursday.
I can certainly help, where will you be departing from, and do you need to arrive or depart at a certain time?
Bishops stortford, it needs to leave after [12:15]
TrainID TR0141 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:07 on Thursday. Does that work for you?
I think so. How long is the travel time for that train?
The travel time is 38 minutes.
That is all of the information that I needed. Thank you.
We're happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called [Leverton House].
The Leverton House is a guesthouse in the east of the city. Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thank you. Please book a reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday.
I am sorry, but the Leverton House was not available for your party on Tuesday. Would you like me to look for another hotel?
Is there another hotel available in the same price range?
In what area would you like? Leverton is in the East, should the hotel be in the same area?
No, I don't care about the area, just the price. Recommend me one?
Yes Leverton is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, you said Leverton wasn't available. Please just book a different hotel in the same price range as Leverton. Thanks.
I have booked you a room at the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Your reference number is JGTE0KGB . Is there anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
[Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton is an Italian restaurant in the south of town in the moderate price range.
What type of food are they. What is their address?
They serve Italian food. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Good bye
You're welcome. Enjoy!


I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should be located in the centre and should include free parking please.
Would you like a cheap or expensive hotel?
I need a moderately priced hotel please.
So sorry, we have no moderately priced lodgings in the centre. We do have two cheap guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Will either of those work for you?
Do you have one in the north instead?
The [Hamilton lodge] may be a good option for you.
That sounds great. Can I please get their address?
Of course! Their address is 156 chesterton road. The phone number is 01223365664 and postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. I'm going to Birmingham new street and need to leave on Thursday.
There are trains to Birminghan New street through out the day. What time would you like to leave?
I need a train that arrives by [17:00]. I will be departing from Cambridge.
TR2636 is the one that arrives latest by 11:44. will that be fine?
Isn't there anything later in the day?
Sure. TR9360 arrives by 16:44. How is that?
That sounds great what is the travel time?
The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all! Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


Hi, can you help me find a train departing from Cambridge?
What is your destination?
I am going to leicester
It looks like trains run along that route every hour. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to know about?
I'd like to leave after [20:15].
There are 28 trains that leave after 20:15, what time would you like to arrive by or does it matter?
No, the arrival time does not matter. I need to book 4 tickets.
Alright, I booked you 4 tickets on TR5159, leaving Cambridge at 20:21 and arriving in Leicester at 22:06 on Friday. Your reference number is VKVT7CTT .
Great! Also, I'm looking for the [Ashley Hotel]. Can you give me their phone number please?
The phone number for the Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Great. That is all I needed.
Okay perfect! Have a great trip and please let us know if you need assistance with anything else!
Thank you for your help, have a great day.
You are certainly welcome.


I'm looking for a [halal] restaurant with moderate prices.
Sorry, I could not find any restaurants matching that description.
What about a different moderately priced restaurant in the east?
I have 3 that fit your request. Curry prince, rajmahal, and pizza hut fen ditton. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes I would like [Curry Prince].
May I book that then for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a table on Sunday for 5 people at [12:45]?
I am sorry but there are no tables available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Go ahead and try to book it for [11:45] please.
I was able to book Curry Prince at 11:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 11:45. Reference number: MOVT28V6 .
I am also looking for a train leaving peterborough on the same day, can you help with that?
Yes, I can. What is your destination?
I want to go to cambridge.
Sure. There are many trains that day. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by [08:45].
Train TR7483 leaves Cambridge at 17:48 and arrives at 18:38, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to arrive by 08:45.
There is a train TR5662 that arrives at 8:09 would you like me to book it for you?
I need to get to Cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from peterborough?
Yes train TR5662 leaves from Peterborough at 07:19 on Sunday and arrives at Cambridge by 08:09
Okay lets book that train!
I can go ahead and get this booked for you, how many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need tickets for everyone at the dinner reservation. Can I also please have a reference number?
I was able to book 5 tickets for you. Your reference number is D0ONJ5MT . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that's all thank you
Have a great day!


Please book a taxi for [1:15] to go to [whale of a time].
I will need a pickup location first
Pick me up at [The Lucky Star].
Great! I was able to book a white Lexus for you.
Thank you. May I have the contact number for the Lexus, please?
The contact number is 07253412910.
Perfect. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!
Thank you goodbye


Where can I eat in the centre for a moderate price?
How many people will be dining and what kind of cuisine would interest you?
3 people are dining and I don't care about the food.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre and has a moderate price range. What day and time would you like to dine?
I would like to book a table for 3 at [16:45] on Friday, please.
I'm sorry, but something seems to be wrong here. Can you please restate your requirements?
Just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, [Yippee Noodle Bar] sounds good. If 16:15 doesn't work, I can change to [15:15].
I have a table for three booked for you at Yippee Noodle Bar on Friday at 15:15. The reference number is AFJU1TW5 . Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that goes from Cambridge to Leicester and leaves after [11:15] on Saturday
I booked 1 ticket for you on TR1165 and it leaves at 11:21. 30.24 GBP is payable at the station & your reference number is ORY3NAL2 . Anything else today?
That is all, thank you very much.
Thank you for using this system!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [spanish] food
[La Raza] is a Spanish restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?
The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Would you like their phone number?
no, thank you
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I'm looking for some lodging. Are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?
There are! What part of town would you like to stay in?
In the west please. Also, I'd like it to be expensive.
There are no lodging in the expensive price range that is in the west side of town. Would you like somewhere else?
Yes, let's check the south please?
the [lensfield hotel] fits your description. can i book?
What is the hotel type, phone number and address?
It is a hotel located at 52-57 lensfield road and the phone number is 01223355017.
cool, i also need a train
Where are you travelling to and from and on what day and time please?
I am going to Cambridge from Stansted on Thursday and arriving by [15:30].
There is a 14:24 that would get you there are 14:52. Does that sound good?
Great what is the price and id of the train?
The train ID is TR2473 and the cost is 10.10 pounds.
That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.
There are three options, british, indian and italian, any preference?
I would be interested in a moderately priced [Indian] restaurant on the west side.
There is a restaraunt named Meghna that is located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. The phone number is 01123727410. Would you like to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure when exactly I am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay.
What area are you wanting to stay in?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.
What price range would you like?
Same price range as the restaurant
The [Meghna] is a nice place,s do you want me to book it ?
Does it have free wifi?
I would recommend Hobsons House on the west side, 3 stars and does have wi-fi.
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does have free parking
Okay can you give me their phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223304906. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a taxi also.
Where do you want to be picked up and by what time?
I would like to leave the restaurant by [14:00].
A black ford is booked for you! The contact number is 07564899941. Anything else today?
Thanks for all of your help today. Goodbye!
Have a great night.


I need a place to stay in cambridge. A hotel in moderate price range would do it.
There are 18 moderately priced places to stay. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the center of town. Oh and I'll need free wifi! Thanks.
Okay I have one option for you called [Cityroomz]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on Thursday.
You're all set! Reference number is LX1F2BXI .
Thank you. I also need to find a restaurant near the hotel in the moderate price range.
Ok i will find you one and notify you as soon as possible


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [indian] food.
Hello, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in?
I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.
What price range are you interested in?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range
Maharajah tandoori restaurant on 41518 Castle Street City Centre is a good fit for you.


Hi, I'm going to visit Cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves [international] type fare.
There is only one restaurant that fits what you are looking for and is called The Missing Sock. Would you like to book there?
Where in Cambridge is The Missing Sock located?
[The Missing Sock] is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their postcode is cb259aq. Would you like to reserve a table there?
Sure but can I also have the phone number as well?
Of course. It is 01223812660. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like a train that arrives at Cambridge at [17:30]
Before we get to the train, you mentioned wanting to make a reservation at The Missing Sock. Would you like to do that?
No, I don't need a reservation there. I do need a train from cambridge on thursday. I'll be going to Norwich, and I need to get there by 17:30.
TR8604 will be arriving at norwich by 16:55 on Thursday. That is the closest to your requested time, would you like to book?
Yes please I would like to book.
Great how many tickets will you need?
I need 3 tickets please.
Your booking was successful. The total is 52.8 GBP, payable at the train station. Your reference number is R22NVXLA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is it, thank you very much.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


I want the address to the [Autumn House] hotel in Cambridge.
Sure, the address is 710 newmarket road.
Please check to see if there any rooms available on Sunday for 5 nights. I will need 7 rooms.
They were able to accommodate your party. Your reservation is made, reference number TD6A4S20 .
Thank you can you find me a place to eat too?
Sure, I can help you with that. Is there a certain type of food you were looking for?
Never mind on a place to eat. Can you help me find info on the [Cambridge Temporary Art] attraction?
The cambridge contemporary art attraction free and in the centre. The address is 6 trinity street, phone is 01223323222.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hello! I would like to get some [Italian] food, somewhere in the center of town.
Sure, did you want someone in a certain price range?
No, price doesn't matter.
I can suggest [pizza express] located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for Friday at [11:30]?
The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WJCH2IJP .
Great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?
Sure, there are a number of a churches and old schools, do you have a preference?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address?
Sure, I suggest old schools. Its address is trinity lane and its free.
I also need to book a taxi.
Okay, I'll just need a departure location and a destination as well as a pick up or drop off time
I want to arrive at [pizza express] for my restaurant reservation after visiting [old schools], please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey honda Contact number : 07392571469 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with [acute medical assessment unit] department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. It has the department you're looking for. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, please. I need their telephone number.
The acute medical assessment unit can be reached at 01223348314.
Sounds great. Thank you so much for your help!
The acute medical assessment unit can be reached at 01223348314.


I need a train from Cambridge on Tuesday
There are plenty of those! Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm heading to Norwich and need to leave after [11:15] from Cambridge
There are 13 trains. The one that leaves closest to your requested time is the TR5949, which leaves at 11:36. Does that interest you?
Yes, that would be great! I need 7 tickets, please. Oh, and the reference number.
I have booked the TR5949 for 7, departing from Cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in Norwich at 12:55. Reference number: UR9DKTIK . Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I also need a place to stay.
There are many different hotels in Cambridge, do you have an area or price range in mind?
Is there anything in the south with a star of 4? It doesn't have to have free parking.
Sure, we have two hotels for you [aylesbray lodge guest house], and rosa's bed and breakfast. can I book one of these for you today?
Could we try the Aylesbury House?
Alright. What day would you like to stay, how many nights and how many people?
Actually I need more information on the hotels. Does Aylesbury House have free parking?
The train was booked for 7 tickets departing at the correct time and providing the reference number. Also, more info is needed about a hotel.
I still need to know if Aylesbury House has free parking.
The Aylesbray Lodge has free internet and free parking. Would you like a reservation, or perhaps I can give you their contact information?
Yes, please. I will need their address and what price range it is in.
Certainly. This guesthouse is located at 5 Mowbray Road and is in the moderate price range. Is there any other information you need?
That's it, you have been very helpful! Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great time!
Thank you. We will.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
You've been extremely helpful. And I hope you have a wonderful day.
Let us know if you need anything else. Goodbye!


I need a list of available trains leaving from Cambridge after [2pm].
I have a train leaving at 15:00 on friday from london kings cross.
I actually need to leave from Cambridge and go to Kings lynn. I also need to travel on Wednesday.
There are 10 trains travelling that way. By what time do you want to arrive?
What's the soonest arrival time?
The soonest arrival time I have is 14:58.
So the one that arrives at 14:58 that also leaves at 14:00? Because I need it to leave after 14:00.
Yes. TR8793 departs Cambridge at 14:11 and arrives at 14:58. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I would also like a place to eat that serves [european] food, is expensive, and in centre area please.
there are two expensive european restaurants and one expensive modern european restaurants in the centre
I would like one of the European ones, please.
We have the eraina and michaelhouse cafe. Which one sounds better to you?
I would like the [eraina], can I get the reference number please?
I can certainly book that, how many people will be dining?
I would like to book a table for 8 at [11:45] on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number as well, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 5MMTA7HY . Will you need assistance with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance! I will definitely use this service again. Have a good day.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?
There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference. Just pick one. That will be fine.
I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?


Can you recommend a place to stay that has free WiFi? I need something in the moderate price range.
I have got quite a few that should suit your needs. Is there a preference on what area of town you stay? That might help narrow down the options.
In the centre, please. Also, free parking.
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets all of your requirements. Would you mind if I searched another area of town?
Can you see if there's anything in the east?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House. They both have free wifi and parking and they both fall in the moderate price range. Do either of these sound good?
Great. Can you give me the phone number and address for The [Warkworth House]? Also, is it a guest room?
yes, it is a guesthouse and their phone number is 122 336 3682.
Can I have the address of the hotel?
The address is warkworth terrace.
Thank you very much!
You're welcome. What else can I do for you?
Nothing thank you, that's all I need. Have a nice day!
Excellent! I hope the hotel is a pleasure.


Hello! I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need information on places to stay.
ok Id be happy to help with that would you like a guesthouse or Hotel
i don't have a preference. I would like a room with a 0 star and free parking
Okay there is city centre north b and b would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer one in the east. How about a 4 star hotel with free parking there instead?
There are no 4 star hotels in the east section of town that offers free parking. Would you like to search for a guesthouse?
Yes that is fine I need the price range as well.
I have several options in the cheap or moderate price range with parking and wifi. How does the leverton house sound?
What is the price range of the [Leverton House]?
It's cheap. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please. I also need a train that leaves after [9:00] on sunday
Can you please tell me how long your stay at the Leverton will be? What day will you be checking in and how many people?
Actually, I apologize no need to book, I was just gathering information. But I do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge.
TR1079 leaves at 09:09 would that work for you?
That works for me.
Is there anything else I can help you with today, bookings or more information?
Can you tell me the price of the train ticket, please?
The price of the train is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you so much, that's all I need.
You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful visit.
I hope so. Can I call any time?
We are available anytime, enjoy the rest of your day.


I need a [morrocan] food place. Are there any around here?
unfortunately, there isn't any moroccan restaurants in town, would you like something else?
Please look for something [Asian Oriental] instead.
I have several. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No it doesn't matter, what do you recommend?
I would be happy to recommend one. There are five possible choices. Their prices range from cheap to expensive. What is your price preference?
Cheap price range is what I neeed
[Dojo noodle bar] is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 6 people on Wednesday at [18:15], please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K361YCMI . Will there be anything else today?
That's great, I need a train for the same day, arriving at [11:45] from london kings cross to cambridge.
TR3810 would fit your needs. Can I book it for you?
can i get the ticket price and the departure time please?
How many tickets would you like? The train departs at 09:17.
I actually don't need a ticket. I just need the departure time and price.
Sure! The departure time is 9:17. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How much does that cost?
The cost is 23.60 pounds, shall I book it for you?
Not at this time but thank you.
Are you sure there isn't anything else you need today?
No thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


