I am looking for a [Chinese] place in the centre.
I have 10 restaurants matching your request. Did you have a price range you would like?
No, it doesn't matter.
Would you like for it to have a certain number of stars?
No just book at a chinese place in the centre. I need a table for 4 at [15:00] on wednesday please.
I have you at [Jinling Noodle bar] then, reference is OCNH3CJJ . Anything else you need?
No that is it. Thank you.
Have a great day!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave [after 02:30] and should go to [Norwich train station].
I can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [jesus college].
I have booked you a grey Audi. The contact number is 07597249308. What else may I help you with?
that's is all i wanted for today, thanks
Thanks and have a nice day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the city centre.
I can most definitely help with that. Is there a certain type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I think I would like to try [French] food.
[Cote] is a French restaurant in the centre of town. It is expensive. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes. Please send be the phone number, address and postcode.
Their number is 01223311053, postcard is cb21uf and they are located on Bridge Street City Centre.
Great, thanks. I also need a train. I need to leave cambridge after [12:15].
I have over 800 possible matches for that request. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Kings Lynn on Saturday.
I have a train TR4003 leaving cambride at 13:00 and arriving at london kings cross at 13:51. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, can you book that train for 2 people please?
Your train has been booked. Reference number CYW95CE2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need today.
I am happy to be able to help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I want to know where I would find the Parkside Police Station. Could you tell me?
Their postcode is CB11JG, you can reach them at phone number 01223358966.
Thank you. May I have a street address for the police station?
Certainly. Their address is Parkside, Cambridge. Can I assist you further?
Thank you goodbye
welcome. at your service next time


I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It must include free parking.
Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in a 2 star hotel in the north.
The Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel in the north with free parking in the moderate price range. I can book this for you.
That would be great! Can you let me know what the post code is? Thank you!
The postcode is cb41er. How long would you like to stay and how many should I book the hotel for?
I don't need to book it at this time. Can you help me find a place to visit while I'm in town? I'd like a swimming pool in the North.
We list two swimming pools in the north area, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on either of those?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode for the Jesus Green pool, please?
Sure, the phone number is 01223302579 and the postcode is cb43px. Can I help with anything else today?
No that is all thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.


I would like information on the [Gonville hotel].
The gonville hotel is in the city centre. It is expensive, and has 3 stars. Free internet and parking. Address is gonville place. Can I get you a booking?
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 3 nights starting on Saturday.
I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 28PZGFFT .
Thank you so much!
Thank you. Is there anything else?
Are there any expensive [thai] paces in the area?
There is [bangkok city] in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation?
Is that in the west?
It is in the centre, not the west.
I need something in the West
[Sala thong] is a great thai restaurant on the west side located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need any more information?
What postcode is that?
cb39ey. What else may I do for you?
I also need a taxi that will leave the restaurant by [09:15]
Okay, what time do you need to leave?
I need to leave the restaurant by 09:15 to go the hotel. Can you book a taxi for me?
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow volvo Contact number : 07044362431 Can I help with anything else?
No that's it, thank you.
Thanks again for using our service, enjoy your stay!


i'm looking for a train to cambridge
I'd love to help! Which day were you wanting to leave?
I'm leaving on Sunday
What station do you want to leave from?
I need a train from broxbourne.
I have many trains on that day. Do you have a preferred time for leaving or arriving?
Yes, I'd like to leave for cambridge after [13:30] on sunday.
TR4813 leaves at 14:32 and arrive an hour later. How does that sound?
That sounds great. I'll need 7 tickets.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 100.24 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is ALFLIJMY . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, can to tell me about colleges in the centre of town?
There are 13 colleges located in the centre. Are you looking for somewhere with free entrance or is somewhere with a fee okay too?
it doesn't matter. could you provide the postcode, phone number, and address for one that you suggest?
Sure! I suggest Downing College. I is located on Regent Street in the postcode CB21DQ. Their phone number is 01223334860.
That should be it for today thanks!
You're welcome. Goodbye


Hi, I'm looking to book a train out of Cambridge that I want to arrive in Ely. Can you assist me with finding times and dates?
There are 70 trains traveling to Ely from Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.
You could take TR8860 early Saturday at 05:50. It's a short trip of 17 minutes and costs 3.52 pounds. Will this work for you?
Can you book that one for 6 people?
Yes, I have made the booking for you. Your reference number is 1K560JNY .
I also need a place to eat, I would like it in the west and expensive.
There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes. [British] food please.
I have two. Shall I book one for you?
Yes, I need a table for 6 people at [10:30] on Saturday and please provide the reference number after booking is completed.
What day do you want it for, before I confirm the booking?
The same day, saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XEP4E22B . Will there be anything else today?
Thank you, thats all I need today.
Glad I could help, hope you have a great trip!


Currently planning to come out there but need to find a train that leaves after [15:30] and that will depart from Norwich.
What day do you want to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.
I do not have a train that leaves by 15:30 on that day but soon after at 16:16. Would this work for you?
Yes. I will need two tickets.
Al set, your reference number is ZIY4Y3CA, the cost is 17.60 pounds per person payable at the station.
Can I also get information on [wandlebury country park].
Yes, wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, with phone #01223243830. Would you like any other information?
That is all that I needed. Thank you so much for the assistance.
You are welcome. Please comeback if we can do anything more for you!
I will. Thanks again. Good-bye.
My pleasure. Enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
May I suggest Royal Spice, a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?
Is there anything else?
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] is a cheap italian restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and goodbye!


I need a hotel in the center of town with a star of 0.
I have 2 with 0 stars. One is cheap the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I would like the moderately priced hotel.
How about [cityroomz]? They have free internet.
Yes,address and phone number please ?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book that for 2 nights from Friday for 2 people.
I'm sorry, that isn't available. Would you like me to try the other one, [El Shaddai]?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.
I was able to book El Shaddai for 2, for two nights starting Friday. Your reference number is X7WHA1XL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine. Thank you for your help.
The address of hotel El Shaddai is 41 warkworth street cb11eg and the phone number is 01223327978.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice stay at the el shaddai. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.


I'm looking for [unusual] and expensive cuisine in the west. Do you have any suggestions?
I didn't find any records matching those criteria.
How about an [Indian] restaurant?
There are several in the West area. What is your address and I can find one that is closest to you? Do you want to walk?
I just want to go to one you think is best please
You should definitely try [Cocum]. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a table for 4 people at [14:45] on Thursday. If not Thursday, I'd like the same time on Tuesday. Please send me the reference number.
I was able to get you a table on Thursday, ref# XLUIM3SN . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been awesome thanks for all your help!
I hope you enjoy your meal. Goodbye!


Hello there. I was wondering if you could help me arrange for a taxi to take me from the [Cherry Hinton Village Centre] to [La Raza]?
Certainly! Do you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to leave after [10:15]. may i have the contact number for taxi please?
Absolutely. The contact number is 07862333057
Thank you very much!
Would you like me to book the taxi?
Yes I need the taxi to depart from the cherry hinton village and go to la raza. Leaving after 10:15. Please give me the contact number and car type.
Okay, the taxi is booked. The contact number is 07862333057, the car will be a Blue Honda. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all, thank you. Have a nice day.
Thank you. We are always here to help with your bookings.


i am new here. i need a place to stay with free wifi
Okay! What price range are you looking for?
cheaper the better free wifi too
I have 10 locations with free wifi in the cheap price range. Do you have a particular area in mind?
No particular area, whatever you suggest.
Okay well I suggest the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] in their center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book 2 nights for 5 people, starting on Saturday.
I have booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people. The reference number is UCIOWNWV . Anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye!
Have a great day!


I am looking for places to go in town centre. What are some options?
I have the Mumford Theatre at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road, or the [fitzwilliam museum] at trumpington street.
What are the entrance fees for all those locations?
The entrance fee is free for the museum is free, and the theater fee is unknown.
Okay, thanks for that information. I would like to book a train as well. I'm leaving Tuesday after [16:00] from Cambridge.
Alright, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go from stansted airport to Cambridge.
TR8372 leaves at 16:24. Are you interested?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people. Please send the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VHL6TYDF .
Thank you! Goodbye.
You're welcome goodbye.


What is the address for find [pizza hut city centre]?
The address for that restaurant is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, can you book a table for 2 on Friday at [18:00]
I'm sorry. The restaurant is fully booked at that time. What other day or time slot would be good for you?
Please try Friday at [17:00]. It should be less crowded then.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CQV6JDS3 .
Thank you for the help.
You are more than welcome!


Hi, what are some places to visit in Cambridge?
We have many different attractions in cambridge. What sort of place are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I am looking for a swimming pool, in the east part of town.
Sure, there is abbey pool and astroturf pitch in the east, address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. What else can I help with today?
Please give me their phone number and entrance fee.
I don't have information on their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902088.
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Broxbourne after [17:15] headed to Cambridge.
You have 7 trains, starting with TR6368 at 17:32. Would you like to book that one?
What is the arrival time?
Train TR6368 arrives in Cambridge by 18:32. Do you need anything else? I can help book a trip for you if you like.
That'd be great, thank you.
I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets will you need, just one?
Just one please.
I booked you on TR6368 at 17:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice trip!


I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with [chinese] food
How about [yu garden]?
That sounds good! I would like to make a reservation for 2 at [13:15] on friday.
Yes I have made that for you and your reservation number is YWN5SM9V .
Awesome! Thank you, could you give me their address?
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Recommendations for guesthouses to stay without free parking?
How about [archway house]? I hear it's lovely.
I can try it, can you book it for me?
I would be happy to. Let me get some additional information. When would you like to check in?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks, good bye.
It was a pleasure to help you today. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi please.
i recommend [allenbell] 01223210353
Okay that sounds great! Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Does the allenbell have free parking?
Yes, it does offer free parking
I would like to make a reservation for 5. Book it for 4 nights starting this Wednesday
Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is 6AG8HV72 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any architecture attractions near the centre?
I have 5 architectural attractions in the centre. If I may, I would suggest [All Saints Church]. They offer free entrance.
cool, what's their phone number?
All Saints Church's number is 01223452587.
Can I get their address as well?
The address is jesus lane. Can I get you any other information?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Okay, have a great day!


Hi there. Can you help me find a train leaving on Friday?
Please tell me what town are you departing from and what is your destination?
On Friday, I would like to arrive in Cambridge by [16:45].
There are over 100 trains available, could you please provide a departure location?
I would like to leave from london kings cross.
ok I have one leaving by 05:17, TR5219, would that be fine?
Do you have one that arrives a little closer to 16:45. I don't want to get in too early.
TR8842 will get you there at 16:08. May I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 8 people. I'm also looking for a guesthouse type hotel with free parking in the moderate range.
Do you have a preference for the number of stars or the area?
May I have a reference number for that train, please?
Your reference number is RRNTTR7Z . We also have quite a few guesthouses, do you have an area you'd like?
For the guesthouse, do you have one in the moderate price range that includes free parking?
There are 12 options for moderately priced guesthouses, any area preference?
The area doesn't matter. I just need one with rooms available for 3 nights starting on Friday.
For how many people?
I need it to be for 2 people.
The Acorn Guest House on 154 Chesterton Road should be sufficient, shall I reserve a room for you now?
Yes, please, and I'll need the reference number.
I was unable to book that room for you. Can we try a shorter stay or a different place perhaps?
Sure, please try 2 nights.
The booking was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day?
Could we please try a different hotel that is close to The [Acorn Guest House]?
I checked with all 7 guesthouses in the north and none are available for even a one day stay starting Friday. Could we try a different day?
Well I guess I'm out of luck, unless there are hotels in adjoining towns I could try.
Sorry, we only work with places in cambridge.
I am so sorry, can we start over with the guesthouse? I do need a moderate, but for 8 people. Still arriving Friday for 3 nights.
I could not book a room for that number of nights on those days in that area. Perhaps try a different area?
Please try 2 nights on Friday and see if that works. For a guesthouse, please.
Your room is booked at acorn guest house for 8 people and 2 nights starting on Friday. Reference number is 3M1I4Q7S . Anything else I can help with?
No, that should be all I need. Thanks for your help!
It was a pleasure being of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge and call again if you need any further assistance. Goodbye!


I need a hotel in the south
The [lensfield hotel] is in the south. Do you want me to book it for you?
does it include free parking?
Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have parking. Would you like me to book it?
Thank you goodbye
It's been my pleasure. Have a great stay in Cambridge.


Can you find me a [Chinese] restaurant please?
Sure. There are 17 chinese restaurants in town. Are you looking for a certain price range or location?
Yes. I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
I have found 5 that fit that description. Is there a particular area you would like?
I would like to book a table for 6 at [15:15] on Tuesday.
I was able to get a table at [Hakka] in the north. The reference number is 7KW8MVL3 and they'll keep the table for 15 minutes. Does that suit you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for now. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka. Have a great day.


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Great, thank you for your help.
Thank you, Goodbye.


I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
What type of lodging would you prefer? And do you care about price or area?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse.
What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference.
Do you have a preference on price range?
I would like someplace expensive.
I'm not finding anything meeting that criteria. Would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse?
What about an expensive hotel?
The gonville hotel is expensive with free wifi. Shall I book it for you?
What is their postcode?
The postcode for Gonville Hotel is cb11ly. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're very welcome! Enjoy your stay!


Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with a star of 0 and it needs free wifi.
There are 3 hotels that meet that criteria. Would [city centre north b and b] work for you?
Yes. Does it have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is that a guesthouse in the north? If so, I need to book it for 5 people 3 nights starting Tuesday, and I'll need a reference number.
There is one guesthouse called City Centre North B and B, your reservation is all booked, your reference number is 7QYC93WT .
Thank you. I would also like to check the train schedule for Friday.
Sure. Where will you be departing from and arriving at?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich on Friday.
Trains from Cambridge to Norwich leave 36 minutes after the hour, every hour. The duration is 79 minutes, and the price is 17.6GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I get the train ID for the one you mentioned please?
I'm apologize but before I can provide a train number I need to know what time you would like to depart.
Any time after [20:45] is just fine with me. I'll just need the train ID - no booking today.
TR0625 departs friday from cambridge at 21:36. Do you need any other information?
Could you tell me the price of the train please?
Yes, the cost is 17.60 pounds. Do you want to book it?
Could you please tell me the travel time for that?
Of course, the travel time is roughly 79 minutes.
Ok, that's good. I would like to book that train please
OK, how many tickets do you need?
I don't need a ticket. I just needed to know. That'll be everything!
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you please help me find a guesthouse that offers free parking?
Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I don't care, just something in the moderate price range and 4 stars.
The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. It is located in the North. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Would you give me the postcode?
Sure can. The post code is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I needed to know. Thanks so much! Take care!
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I need a train to cambridge
Please be specific about when you are leaving and by what time you intend to arrive to help me to narrow down.
I'd like to depart from Ely on Wednesday after [12:15].
There is a train at 13:35 that cost 4.40 pounds. Would you like to take it?
Yes please. Could you also give me the train ID?
Their ID is TR1039.
Ok, thank you. I also need some help finding a guesthouse. I also would like free wifi.
We've got a lot of options for guesthouses, what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in Cambridge please.
Ok, centre, north, east, west, or south side?
I'd like a cheap place in the centre for 8 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.
[Alexander Bed and Breakfast], 56 Saint Barnabas Road is inexpensive and rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that sounds good.
The booking for Alexander Bed and Breakfast was denied for 8 guests staying five days, starting on Wednesday. Would it be possible to plan a shorter or longer stay?
That's fine, I'd like to book it for 4 nights then.
OK, I have you booked at alexander bed and breakfast for 4 nights. The Reference Number is : 741JC8HU . Anything else I can help you with today?
That takes care of it. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a very nice stay.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care
[grafton hotel restaurant] is a nice restaurant that serves british food and is in the east part of town
can i have their address and post code please
sure, their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A
thank you for the help, good bye
you're welcome, enjoy!


Hello! I'm needing a place to stay in the center of town. Parking is not important to me. What do you have?
I have a moderately priced hotel called Cityroomz available. Can I help you book your stay?
No thanks, but can I just get some information about [Cityroomz]?
Cityroomz is a moderatly priced 0-star hotel in the centre. They offer internet and parking and are located on station road.
I would like to book 5 nights on sunday for 5.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : T9VLKXV5 .
Sounds great- thanks for your help!
Have a great visit!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Excellent! What can I help you with?
I want to get a train to cambridge from leicester.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by [15:45] and leave on friday.
There is TR4625 that will depart from leicester and arrive at 14:54. The cost of the ticket is 37.80 pounds.
Sounds great. i will need a booking for 2 people.
I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR4625 leaving Leicester at 13:09 and arriving in Cambridge at 14:54 total fee is 75.59 GBP referenece TGE8CAOR .
Great! Thank you! I will also need a hotel in the east. It must have free parking.
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is in the east and has an expensive price range
Okay can you book it for me for 3 nights from Friday for 2 people?
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MTML5ASG . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think so. Not today. Thanks for the help! Goodbye.
Great. I hope you have a great day.


I'm looking for a restaurant on the North end that serves yummy [Chinese] food
We have three places, but I like the hotpot. Do you need a reservation?
Could you tell me the price range first? and the postcode? for [the hotpot]?
The Hotpot is a moderately priced restaurant. Their post code is cb41ep.
Great can you help me get a train from cambridge to broxbourne?
There are 133 trains that match that trip. To narrow it down, I need to know what day you'll be traveling and when you want to arrive by.
I will be traveling on Wednesday and I would need to arrive in Broxbourne by [21:15].
I have train TR5256 that leaves at 20:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 21:01. Would that work for you?
That would be great. I'm traveling alone so just one seat please.
Great. I have booked one ticket on TR5256 to broxbourne. The cost will be 17.89 GBP and your reference number is O9VNFTK9 .
Thanks! That's all I needed today. You've been a great help!
You're welcome! Enjoy your travels.


I'm looking for [pizza hut fen ditton].
Sure, it's located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton cb58ba
Great. Can you get a table for 7 for me. Saturday at [14:00].
Ok! I have a table for 7 booked on Saturday at 14:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your Reference number is 54PRTQHD .
Wonderful. Could you help me find a train, as well?
Yes, where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Where will your destination be? What day will you be traveling? When do you need to be there by?
I need to leave on Sunday and get to Leicester by [16:00].
There are 5 different trains that could work. Would you like me to book the earliest one?
No, I'd rather have the latest one possible.
The TR3371 meets your criteria. Would you like tickets? If so, how many?
Please reserve for 7 people
Booking for TR3371 is confirmed. Reference number is : MBSYUIFA . Total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Thank you! That is all that I need.
I hope you have a good trip. Have a great day!


Hi, can you help me find a train out of Cambridge please?
I can. Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be headed to Peterborough, and I need to leave after [15:45].
And what day are you traveling?
We would like to leave on Wednesday please.
There are 16 trains headed to Peterborough that leave after 15:45. Do you have a preference on when you arrive in Peterborough?
No, I don't really care when we arrive as long4 as the departure is after 15:45
The TR7706 leaves at 16:05 and arrives in Peterborough by 16:56. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
Yes book the tickets,also I want places to go in town and I want it to be at the center of the town.
In the center of town we have vue cinema, [cambridge contemporary art] and castle galleries.
I got ahead of myself, sorry. I don't need the train tickets just yet, but can you tell me the travel time for TR7706?
Yes, train TR7706 has a duration of 50 minutes.
Thank you. Can please also confirm the phone number, post code, and address?
Yes, the cambridge contemporary art museum can be found at 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, phone number 01223324222.
Perfect, that is all that I needed. Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?
There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range. Both of these hotels are moderately priced. Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?
No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
I don't care
Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their address?
What other options are there?
In the expensive range there are two chinese restaurants and one indian in the south part of town.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
[The peking restaurant] is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354755.
That will do, thank you!
thank you and good bye


I would like it if you can help me find a place called [Kambar].
Sure thing! It is a nightclub in centre. Anything else I can help with?
how much does it cost to get it?
Kambar is only 5 pounds to get into. Would you like any more information on it?
yes phone number and adress please
Their address is 1 wheeler street, cb23qb. Their phone number is 01223842725. Will that be all?
Actually, can you help me find information on a train to the Stansted Airport please?
Sure what day are you traveling?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Monday after [15:45]. What is the travel time, price and train ID?
The next train is TR1088 departing at 16:40 with a duration of 28 minutes and it costs 10.10 pounds.
That sounds great, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Did you need help with anything else?
That is all, thank you!
You're most welcome. I'm glad to be of service. Good-bye.


Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
What type of cuisine would you like?
[Modern European], please.
Sure, do you have an area or price range you are looking for?
I don't have a preference on price range, but would like it to be in the Centre.
I would recommend the [De Luca Cucina and Bar], located at 83 Regent Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
I need a table for 7 people.
Sure I would be more than happy to help you with that when would you like to book the table for?
tuesday at [18:45]
I have your table booked for 7 people on tuesday at 18:45, your reference number is L440UJKD . Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
What time will you be leaving?
i need to arrive there by [17:30].
What day do you want to travel?
I'll be travelling on Wednesday.
TR2815 arrives at 17:27. Does that work or is it cutting things too close for you?
Yes. I need 7 tickets please.
I will book it for you now.
Can I please get the reference number?
Okay i have booked you and your reference number is UZBRLH3F .
Thank you for your help today.
Did you need anything else?
That was everything. Thank you!
Have a great time.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [malaysian] food.
There are no expensive Malaysian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type of food?
No, I was really hoping for Malaysian.
I am very sorry, there are no malaysian restaurant results at all. Would you like help finding a hotel or attraction?
Maybe later. What about a restaurant that serves [indian] food with the same specifications?
There are many different Indian options. I can narrow it down for you if you tell me what area you would prefer.
West side would be great.
The 5 indian restaurants are: tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house. Would you like to book a table at one of these places?
Go ahead and book [rice boat]. Please also give me the postcode and phone number as well.
Great, I'll book a table at rice boat, how many people will be dining and do you have a date and time preference?
I just need the phone number and postcode.
No problem. The postcode is cb39ey and the phone number is 01223302800.
I'll also need a place to stay. A hotel, please, in the same area as the restaurant.
I have two four star hotels that meet your criteria, [huntingdon marriott hotel] and the cambridge belfry. Woul you like me to book a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, can I get the address? Oh, and do they have internet?
the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdo and they do have internet.
Excellent. I'd better also book a taxi.
What is the departure site for the taxi and what is your destination?
I'll just need a taxi from the restaurant at [9:00] to the hotel . Can you provide their contact number and the car type?
Yes! They'll pick you up in a black skoda. Their contact number is 07619432519. How else may I assist you?
That was everything. Thank you very much!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
I found nine cheap guesthouses. Would you like to book at the Allenbell? It has 4 stars and is in the east side.
Do you have anything on the North side?
There are two options on the North side, City Centre North B and B or Worth House. Would you like more information about either of those establishments?
I'd like to book [Worth House] for 2 people starting Sunday for 4 nights. Can I get the reference number please?
I was able to book the Worth House for you for 2 guests for a total of 4 nights. Your reference number is ZB2FS6W4 .
Thanks so much, I appreciate the help.
You are certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for an [Indian] restauarnt in the same area as the guesthouse.
There are two Indian restaurants in the North, The Nirala, which has a moderate pricerange, and Royal Spice, which has a cheap pricerange. Which would you like to book?
Actually can I just have the phone number and address to The Nirala please?
The [Nirala] is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and it's phone number is 01223360966.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take us back and forth to the restaurant at [17:45]. Can I get the car type and contact number?
I have booked you a blue volkswagen from worth house to the nirala at 17:45. The contact number is 07301287073
Thank you for your help. That's all I need today!
You're welcome, goodbye!


Hi, can you please help me book a train departing from London King's Cross on Sunday?
We have 10 different trains for that day. Do you want to depart and/or arrive at a particular time?
I want to leave after [9].
There is a train leaving at 9:17, Sunday. Would you like for me to book that?
I need a booking on the train for 7 people to go to Cambridge. Is that doable?
Yes it is. Do you have a preferred time of departure?
I would like to leave after 9:00.
I have booked the train for 9:17. The reference number is BBQXVMZK . The total for 7 people is 132.16 GBP and is payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please help me find a expensive [danish] restaurant?
It looks like there aren't any expensive Danish restaurants in town. Would you like me to look for another cuisine?
[British] food would be a suitable replacement I suppose.
We have many to choose from. Any part of town work best?
No preference. Can you recommend one and book the same group of people on the same day please
Ok, I recommend the the [cambridge chop house]. It is in the city centre. What time would you like to eat?
i would like the reservation to be for sunday for 7 people at [20:15].
Booking for 7 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EXZLQAZY . May I help you with anything else?
Thanks. That's all. Goodbye
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


Do you know of the Parkside Police Station?
It's address is Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG
Thank you, what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you.
You are most welcome!


I would like a restaurant that serves [swiss] food
I'm sorry, we do not have any Swiss restaurants available. Do you want to try a different type of food?
I would like to try [vietnamese] food
[Thanh Binh] is a good vietnamese restaurant in the cheap price range
What is the address?
17 Magdalene Street City Centre
OK thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I need a train going to cambridge after [10:15] please.
What is your departure station please?
I am departing from Ely.
great, and on what day will you be traveling?
I will leave Thursday.
okay, the TR0813 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for seven people.
Perfect, the train for 7 people is booked. The reference number is X5NYAW3W . Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any [modern european] restaurants in the centre area?
Yes, there is the [riverside brasserie], would you like to find out more about this restaurant?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at [15:15] on the same day.
You are booked for riverside brasserie. Your reference number is K7R76S78 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there something else I can help with?
No that's great thank you.
you are welcome anytime


I need to find a train going to londons kings cross that would arrive by [17:15]
I have 21 trains that match your request. Where will you be departing from?
Leaving Cambridge this coming Sunday.
I'm sorry, we don't have any trains arriving by 17:15. The earliest train will arrive at london kings cross at 19:51. Do you need anything else?
No thanks. Go ahead and book the train for 4 people and please provide the reference number.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : UMS71SR7 . Your train will leave at 19:00.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay.
Any particular area you would like to stay?
In the East part of town, please. I need free WiFi.
Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
i dont mind either.
We have seven places, any preference on price or rating?
I need a 4 star place that has free wifi.
Okay! What price range would you like?
I don't really have a preference.
Ok. We've narrowed to 6 options. Do you want parking?
No parking is not a concern of mine.
Would you like to try [allenbell]?
Yes, please book me for 4 people, for 5 night starting on Tuesday.
I have made those reservations and the reference number is I4K0OYPF .
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.
What day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday.
There are 19 trains, would you like me to book you one?
I need to arrive in Leicester by [21:15], do you have one like that?
There's a train arriving at 21:06. Would you like to book that train now?
That will probably work. What is the travel time for that train?
It will be a 105 minute trip
Okay, that's all I needed to know. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I need a train that leaves after [10:00] on Wednesday.
I can assist you with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge, going to london kings cross.
How about TR9781 leaving Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday? It leaves at 11:00 and gets in at 11:51. It costs 23.60. Can I book this?
No, I don't need a booking at the moment. What's the travel time?
The travel time is 51 minutes. Will that be all for today?
Not quite yet. I'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel.
What area would you like to stay in?
In the north. I really prefer 4 star hotels.
The best that we have in the moderate price range is 2 stars. Could I help you find something else?
How about a guesthouse?
It looks like there are a number of guesthouses in the north, would you like to look for a certain price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range
i have 7 moderately priced hotels. do you need free parking and internet?
I would also want something 4 star rated. I don't need the free parking or wifi but if it comes with it thats fine.
How about the [acorn guest house]?
Sounds good. Can you book it for 5 nights starting Friday? There are 4 of us.
I will check their availability.
Okay, thank you. I'll need the reference number for the booking.
Okay, I have it booked for you. Your reference number is FTI92D9B . Anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I would like to book a taxi that will depart from [Rice Boat] and should leave at [9:30].
What is your destination?
The taxi should go to [parkside pools].
Your taxi is a Grey Toyota. The Contact number is 07725254029.
Thank you, goodbye!
enjoy your day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Spanish] food in the centre of town.
[La Raza] is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The phone number to La Raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Okay. Thank you, goodbye.
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
Thank you.
Enjoy your day!


I need to a train that goes to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.
There are 133 trains traveling from Stansted Airport to Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day did you want to travel?
i would like to travel friday around [2pm]
The TR2819 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
yes please and a reference number please thank you
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : LQ076J6Z .
Did I mention I need two tickets? There are 2 of us. Sorry.
Not a problem. The reference number is BYTSKQJT, and the price is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also want to find a restaurant that serves [Mediterranean] food for a cheap price. I'd like a reservation for 2 people that same day.
There is [The Gardenia] in the centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, please book it for saturday at [17:15], for 2 people. And tell me the reference number
Alright I've made that booking they will hold the table for 15 minutes and the reference # is 0VES7LP4 . Is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great time.


I need a train leaving from kings lynn.
Okay. What day will you be traveling and what is your destination please?
I will be traveling on Sunday and need to go to ely.
I'm sorry, but there are no trains that travel between Kings Lynn and Ely.
What if I left on Friday? I need to book it for 7 people and I need the reference number please.
My apologies. Our system only calculates trips either to or from Cambridge, so we are unable to make this reservation for you.
Can I book a train with the same requirements from Kings Lynn to Cambridge?
Sure. Do you still want to leave on Friday?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.
I'll be happy to book that for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time preference?
I need to arrive by [09:45].
There is only one train that day. TR9102 would you like me to book this?
Yes, for 7 people please. If I could have the reference number that would be great.
Success! I have booked you on this train and your reference number is 9M4R8Z4V .
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse located in the north with free parking.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything matching that.
Are there any 3-star guesthouses at all?
I have found one for you. The Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the north with free parking.
Please give me their phone number, price range, and address
Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664, they're at 156 chesterton road, and they're moderately priced. Would you like to book a room? Or is there anything else I can help with?
that is it for today thank you
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, I believe so. Thank you. Good bye.
Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a [Danish] place to eat and I would like it to be on the expensive price range.
Sorry there is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
No, thank you.
I'm afraid I'm not finding any Danish restaurants of any type. Would you like to try a different style of restaurant?
How about [African] Food in the centre of town?
The bedouin meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Maybe later, for now I would like to know its phone number and postcode.
The phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am a looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant.
I found 5 hotels in the expensive price range, do you have an area of town you'd prefer?
The area doesn't matter, but I need free parking, free wifi, and a 3 star rating.
Great, I've found two hotels meeting that criteria. How many days were you spending at the hotel and how many people will be residing with you?
I need a hotel for 2 people on 4 nights starting on Friday
The lensfield hotel is 1 of 2 places that matches your needs. Can I book you in for this hotel?
How do the 2 places compare?
The lensfield hotel is in the south while the [gonville hotel] is in the center.
The centre works much much better for us. Can you please book that for me? If that doesn't work can you try 2 night?
So sorry, the hotel is not available for that booking request. Would you like a different day or to shorten your stay?
Try two nights and please give me a reference number when you are done.
I was able to book 2 nights at the Gonville for 2 people, starting on Friday. Your reference number is WIQEBN2A . Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi please? I am looking for one to pick me up at the [Bedouin] and I would like to leave by [18:45]
I'd be happy to book that for you, but I just wanted to confirm your destination. Will that be your hotel?
Yes I will be at the [Gonville].
All right, I've booked your taxi.
Thanks. Can I have the contact number and car type, please?
The contact number is 07174376196 and the car is a yellow Toyota. Anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you very much.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant in Cambridge.
what about prezzo in the west?
I was thinking an Italian restaurant located in the east.
[PIzza Hut Fen Ditton] would suit you perfectly! They're located in Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?
cb58wr - would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now. I would like to find a place to stay, though.
Do you know what area you would like to stay in?
Nah, the area doesn't matter, I coming to celebrate so just as long as it's an expensive, 4-star hotel, I'm good.
Do you need Parking or internet?
No I do not need to have free parking.
Would you like me to book you a room?
yes for 2 nights starting thursday
Before I finish booking your room at the [university arms hotel]. Can you confirm how many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people.
Those reservations have been made and your reference number is WULZ2VEX .
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.
Awesome! Have a great trip!


I'm looking for trains for Thursday.
Sure. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Cambridge.
We have 202 trains heading to Cambridge on Thursday. Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Peterborough.
Do you have time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by [21:15].
Would you like an early morning departure? Or is there a more convenient departure time for you?
It does not matter. Please go ahead and book a train and provide the price and departure time.
i have booked TR7094 and leaves 07:19 with a price of 16.50 pounds
Im also looking for an expensive hotel in the west.
The only hotel that came up is [huntingdon marriott hotel] on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon do you want me to book it?
Do they have free wifi? I also prefer that it have 2 stars.
Huntingdon marriott hotel does have internet but it has 4 stars. Do you want to book there or prefer something else?


Can I ask you for a restaurant suggestion in the north today?
Okay, there are 9 different available restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
What types of expensive restaurants are in that part of town?
I have Asian Oriental, Chinese, French, Italian and Indian. Any preference?
I would like to try [French] and I need a reservation for 2 people at [12:45] on Friday.
I have booked you for [Restaurant Two Two]. The table will be reserved 15 minutes after 12:45. Reference number is 6BD74VBB . Is there anything else I can do?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge and should depart from King Lynn arriving by [08:15]
What day will you be traveling?
I need it on Friday.
There is a train arriving at 07:58 would you like me to book tickets for that one?
Yes, I need 2 tickets please.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SKG9JJLB . What else can I help you with today?
that is it for today. have a god day
You're welcome! And thank you, likewise!


Hello, I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.
There are four pool options, any preference for area?
No, but could you tell me if they have any entrance fees.
I found 4 swimming pools, but there are not information about the entrance fee.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel that offers free parking?
I found 5 hotels with free parking. What area and stars do you prefer?
I don't care about the area, but it does need to be 4 stars, as I mentioned earlier.
I recommend Huntingdon Marriott, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the west. They have free parking as requested. Would you like me to book it?
No thank you, may I please get the postcode for [Huntingdon Marriott]?
Absolutely! Their post code is pe296fl. Can I be any further help to you?
Can you also find me a taxi to get to the two places?
I'm sorry. Where will you be departing from, and at what time?
I would like to leave the hotel at [24:30].
I have you booked. Your taxi is a yellow bmw contact number is 07777787318. .
Great! Thank you for all your help!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I actually am looking for the postcode of the cheaper hotel of the 5. And a taxi from there instead.
Sure. The [Cambridge Belfry] is a cheap 4 star hotel. Postcode is cb236bw. Taxi is booked. Car is a black bmw and contact number is 07510940370.
Great, you've been a great help. Thank you.
I am very pleased to have helped you today.


I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.
There are some nice campuses there. I particularly like Downing College on Regent Street. Do you have any particular questions I can answer?
What is the address of [Downing College].
That address is regent street.
What about the postcode?
The postcode is cb21dq.
Thank you. I'd also like some hotel information.
What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a room for 5 people, 4 nights at the [Acorn Guest House]. We'll arrive on Sunday.
Okay you got it. I made your reservation, and the reference number is DCJI0F6E .
Thanks! That's all I need.
Great. I hope you have a nice trip. Bye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
There are 33 restaurants in the centre serving expensive food. What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve [japanese] food.
Can I book Wamagama restaurant for you? It's a perfect fit.
I actually would just like their address, postcode and telephone number at this time.
Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar, phone 01223462354. Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I need. Thanks for all your help!
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Okay, I will. Thanks again. Bye!
Enjoy your stay! Bye


I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.
The [adc theatre] is a nice attraction.
Great. Can I have the address please?
ADC Theatre is located on Park Street in postcode CB58AS. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
I would love some help finding a nice restaurant to take my wife to. Something expensive.
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Not really, but I would prefer it to be in the Centre also, close to the theatre.
There are a few options in the Centre including Bedouin, an African restaurant, and Midsummer House Restaurant, a traditional British restaurant. Do these interest you?
Let's do the [Midsummer House]. I want to book a table for 3 people at [14:45] on wednesday.
I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could i get the reference number please?
Your reference number is PIVQLKXA . Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Hello I am looking for a college, can you help me?
There are 18 colleges in the city. Are you looking for one in particular?
Do you have any in the centre?
There are 5 located in the centre. Would you prefer one that is free?
Sure! Which one do you recommend?
I love [Downing College] over on regent street.
What is the phone number and postcode for that one?
The postcode is cb21dq and they can be reached at 01223334860. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the complete address please?
Sure, the complete address for downing college is regent street post code cb21dq. May I assist with anything else?
No, you have helped me. Thank you!
Great. I hope you enjoy your visit. Call us back if you need further assistance. Goodbye.


I would like to come visit cambridge and need a train.
Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street and want to leave on Tuesday.
Sure, is there a particular time you'd like to either arrive or leave by?
I need a train that will leave after [12:15] please.
TR0734 leaves at 12:40, would that be okay?
Yes, can you please make a booking for 4 people?
Okay, I've done that for you. Your reference number is G1ZZIBBD
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called [cityroomz].
I've found cityroomz. Would you like a room booked?
Yes, please book the room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
Your Cityroomz reservation has been made and your reference number is 0R3345MS . Can I help you with anything else?
No that is everything thank you
Okay great, have a good day!


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
The hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Is there a particular department you were looking for?
I need the phone number
The general phone number for the hospital is 01223245151. Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a taxi today after [05:45]
Okay. Where do you want to leave from?
I'll need to be picked up at [holy trinity church], heading to [byard art].
I have you all booked. Red Tesla, 746155219.
Great. Thank you!
Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that should do it.Thanks for your assistance!
You have a nice day. Goodbye.


I need to book a train.
Where are you departing from, and what is your destination?
I'm at Bishops Stortford and would like to go to Cambridge.
The travel time for that route is 38 minutes. What day would you be traveling?
I would like to travel this Wednesday and need to leave after [08:15].
There are 8 trains that leave after 8:15, did you have a specific arrival time in mind?
No, anytime after 8:15 is fine. Maybe the first train after that time.
Okay I have the 9:29 that arrives at 10:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes, that works, I need the travel time, and the train ID please.
Sure, Train ID is TR9178 and travel time is 38 minutes. How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book right now. Sorry for the confusion.
OK, is that all you needed today, then?
Yes that's all the info I needed thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I'd like to find out if there are any 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge
There are quite a few. What area do you prefer?
I'm open to any area as long as there is free wifi.
Then I recommend the a and b guest house. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does that also have free parking available?
No, it doesn't. Should I recommend you a place with free parking instead?
no but i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [bangkok city]
Bangkok City is an expensive thai restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb23jx. Would you like a reservation?
All I needed today was the address, thank you.
thank you for inquiring with us.


I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [turkish] food
I'm sorry, we don't have any expensive Turkish restaurants.
how about a moderate one ?
Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced Turkish restaurants, and both are in the centre of town. Would you like an address or phone number for one of them?
yes. address and phone number for [Anatolia].
Anatolia is at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362372. Can I get you any further information?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is Anatolia is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am trying to find a train leaving after [15:15] to go to broxbourne.
TR5694 cambridge broxbourne friday 16:01 17:01 17.90 pounds 60 minutes
Is there any that are closer to leaving at 15:15?
Which day were you planning to travel to Broxbourne?
I am looking at traveling on Sunday.
Please confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If yes, TR6870 leaving 16:01, hourly, is the closest time. 15:01 is too early.
Yes, I am leaving from Cambrige. How long is the travel time?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EWSOVUHU .
Could you please tell me the train ID, arrival time, and travel time?
The travel time is 60 minutes.
I need all three things please, train id, arrival time and travel time.
Read the previous lines please! number TR6870, arrival 17:01, travel time 60 minutes.
Okay. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day now.
Thank you, good bye


I am looking for a train leaving after [16:15] on friday.
Where will you be traveling from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive at leicester.
Okay. The TR0094 meets your criteria. Would you like more information or would you like to book tickets?
book for 1 person and get me reference number
Okay, your ticket is booked! Reference number UYWWVHK8 . Can I be of any further help?
Yes please. I'm looking for a good museum in town. Can you suggest one that you like?
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Yes, the west please.
we have quite a few in the west, how can I help you?
Can you please provide me a list of museum options?
We have five museums in the west area. I would recommend the [Lynne Strover Gallery]. Would you like information on some of the other museums?
Can you give me the postcode, entrance fee, and address of one?
The lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq, and is free. May I help you with something else?
no thanks that is enough for today
You're welcome! Bye!


I'm looking for a boat attraction in the south.
There are plenty attractions to choose from.
Any in the south?
I am not finding a boat attraction in the South. There are other types of attractions. Did you have anything else in mind?
Sure, how about a theatre attraction?
[The Junction] is a theatre in the south side on Clifton Way. Would you like more information about it?
Okay, thank you. May I get the entrance fee please? And also the address?
I'm sorry, I not have the information about the entry fee.
Okay. Can you just provide the address?
The address is simply Clifton Way. No number.
I need a train on sunday from cambridge to kings lynn. I'd like to arrive by [09:45]. How long is the travel and what is the price? What is train ID?
I can put you on TR8042 leaving Cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58. It will take 47 minutes and costs 7.84 pounds.
No, I don't need the booking today.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!
Thank you, I'm glad that I could help!


Where are some places to visit in the centre?
There are several museums would you like their info?
Yes that would be great all the info thanks.
I think you'd enjoy [Byard art].
Is there an entrance fee? Please provide a phone number. Also I need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking. Can you suggest a decent place?
The entrance is free. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
You asked for the byard art phone number which is 01223464646. Regarding lodgings, there are 29 meeting your requirements. What is your price range and preferred area, please?
I would like it to be in the centre, or near the attraction. Also want it to be cheap.
I have two options in the centre of town. One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you be interested in booking either?
No I don't have a preference. Would you recommend one or the other for me?
I would recommend [Alexander bed and breakfast] which if four stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please start a booking there. 6 people will be staying.
What day would you like to start the reservation?
I will get there Thursday.
Okay, I have started your booking and now I just need to know how many days you plan to stay.
It will be 5 nights
You're all set. The reference number for this stay is GGT8F3N0 .
Thanks so much! That was the last thing I needed taken care of. I feel ready for my trip now. Goodbye!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I would like a train going to kings lynn.
The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58. Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after [17:30].
Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.
What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday
Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.
I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y . You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking. I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.
Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking. Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
Oh no, that's not good! I really wanted them to book a hotel that matches my criteria. Oh well.
Ok don't worry i'm happy to help. Can I try a different area or star rating?
How about a guesthouse instead?
There are no guest houses matching either. Can we try a different star rating or area?
Yes that does sound good.
[acorn guest house] is in the north, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Will this work for you?
book for the same number of people and 2 nights starting sunday
that was just for yourself, correct?
Yes 1 person please.
Ok you are booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 2 days starting Sunday. Your reference number is WTCEQW . Will there be anything else?
That is all I need.
Fantastic! Enjoy your trip. Goodbye


Do you know where I can find the [Peking Restaurant]?
The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street in Centre.
What is the price range?
The Peking Restaurant is an expensive restaurant. Were you interested or did you want to keep looking?
What type of food do they serve?
They serve chinese food. Would you like to make a booking today?
Maybe but could I have the postcode,food preference and phone number fot this [Indiana Restaurants]?
I'm sorry, I don't see any Indiana restaurants.
No, if I could get the phone number for the [peking restaurant], that would be good.
You can phone them at 01223354755. What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you,
Your welcome. Please contact us anytime.


i need a place to stay
OK, what area or price range do you have in mind?
No particular price range but I would like for it to have free parking internet with a 2 stars.
You have a choice of three, two in the North and one in the west.
North work for me, Ill go with what you pick, just need the price range, hotel type and postal code so I can plan ahead.
[Ashley hotel] is nice. It's a moderately priced hotel in the north. The postcode is cb41er. Can I book it for you?
Not yet. Do you have a price range for that hotel?
It is moderately priced.
Does it have a pool?
I am unsure but it does have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I do need a reservation.
When will you start your stay and for how long?
You know what? I think I'm going to hold off on the hotel reservation right now. Is there a swimiming pool near there?
There are two, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool.
is one of them free?
Neither prices are listed and can vary by season and day, you would have to call them, jesus green can be reached at 01223302579, kings hedges at 01223353248, any preference?
YES , i could want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by [02:45].
at what time do want to arrive
i dont have a specific time to arrive
where are you leaving from?
i will be leaving from the hotel
headed to what place?
This conversation has gotten a little confused, hasn't it? I'd like to go to [Kings Hedges Learner pool], please.
I am the floor manager, I apologize, we are training a new crew. I have your taxi booked, look for a black honda, they can be reached at 07639528951.
Thank you that was all I needed goodbye.
Thank you for using our service.


I need help finding a guesthouse to stay at.
I have a number of different guesthouses available. Do you want to stay in a particular part of town?
I'd like the east part of town please.
[Warkworth House] is a great place. They are rated 4 stars, moderately priced and offer free parking and internet.
That sound perfect. Could I make a booking for 6 people?
Of course! What day and how many nights?
I'll be starting my stay on this coming Sunday.
How many days will you be staying?
5 nights please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T212RFL5 .
Do you know of a restaurant by the name of [gourmet burger kitchen]?
Yes, Gourmet Burger Kitchen has North American cuisine and is expensive. It is located in the City Centre.
can you tell me the phone number please
You can reach them by phone at 01223312598. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks!
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
There's a lot to do in cambridge. Are you looking for a ceratin type of attraction there?
I would like a train
Where will you be departing from and on what day?
I want to leave bishops stortford on Monday, going to Cambridge.
The TR1827 arrives in Cambridge from Bishops Stortford at [14:07] is 38 minutes long and cost 10.10'lbs. Does this work for you?
Yes, thank you. Are there any theatre on the east side of town?
there are no theatre in the east
Can you locate me a restaurant within 1 mile of the train station.
I'm sorry there are many choices. Can you narrow it down for me a little bit.
Not worried about food. I actually need to find some entertainment.
I have 5 theatres in town, but they are all in the centre of town or the south.
No thank you that will be all
Okay happy i could assist.
Wait! Can I get the postcode for your favorite entertainment venue in the east?
funky fun house is my favourite and its postcode is cb58hy. is that it?
Well, it would be but I realized my train needed to leave Bishops after [21:15]. Please rebook that for me.
Would a [21:29] be okay?
Yes that will be fine. Thank you!
is there anything else i can help you?
I just need a a new confirmation number, thanks.
Sure your reference number is: PDGADKQI .
Thank you! Okay, NOW we've covered everything. Have a great day! Thanks again for all the help!
I'm glad I could help you plan your trip. If you need anything else please contact at Cambridge TownInfo centre and we'll be happy to help. Have a great day!


I need a train to leave from cambridge after [15:30].
Ok, lets get you set up, where are you going and on what day?
I will be leaving on saturday and going to london liverpool street.
I would recommend TR4859 which leaves Cambridge at 15:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27.
That sounds fine. Can you reserve 6 tickets for me please?
You're all booked. TR4859 for 6 people will be 79.67 GBP. Your reference number is CTETVS75 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum
There are 23 museums in cambridge. Are you interested in a particular type of one in a certain part of town?
Not really. Pick the best one for me!
I am very partial to the [Cambridge Artworks] museum located at 5 greens road and admission is free. Does that sound good?
That sounds great! What area and can I get the postcode?
It is located in the east and the postal code is cb13ef.
Great, thanks, that's all I need!
You're welcome, glad I could help.


I'm looking for a [seafood] restaurant in the moderate price range.
Sorry, there are no moderately priced seafood restaurants. Can I help you find something else instead?
What about [Chinese]?
There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in?
Any one of them will be fine, if you could find one available for 4 people at [18:15] on friday please.
I have reserved a table for 4 at [Jinling Noodle Bar], 11 Peas Hill in the city centre (Tel: 01223566188) on Friday at 18:15. The reference number is K9JAW7FT .
Thank you for your help. Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
OK, I have 15 options for you, in many cuisines. Do you have a cuisine preference, or would you like me to recommend a restaurant?
I don't have a preference. What would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number?
How about the Rice House? It is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre and their number is 01223367755.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else we can help you with?


Hi there, I'm in the centre of town and I'm bored. Can you tell me about what sorts of things to do there are around here?
There are museums, concert hall, cinema, and boating. What kind of attraction do you find interesting?
Could I have the addresses and postcodes for all of them please?
I can give you that information once we narrow down your interest to a few locations. What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend?
I would recommend architecture and there are many places to visit and see great architecture.
Can I get the postcode, address of a great architecture place to visit please?
I would recommend old schools, located on trinity lane, post code cb21tt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train. I'll be departing from broxbourne on friday.
Okay, I have 19 trains leaving Broxbourne on Friday. Do you have a specific location you're wanting to go to?
Yes, my destination is cambridge. I need to get there by [15:45].
I have train TR2144 that departs at 14:32 and arrives by 15:32. Would that work for you?
What is the price?
It's 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that train?
Yes I would like to book that ticket for Friday please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 458XMYMR .
Thank you, that't all I needed.
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a good day.
Thanks again for all your help. Goodbye.
Thank you you too


I Am looking for a four star guest house..
Yes I have several listings in different parts of the city. Do you have a price range or location preference?
I'll need free wifi.
That's no problem. 18 of our lodging establishments offer free wifi. Is there a price range or location you'd prefer?
Not really, but I will need a room for 5 starting on Thursday. Are there any with that availability?
How many nights would you like to stay?
We'll be staying for five nights.
I have made a booking at the [acorn guest house] for you. The reservation number is 0LV52R28 .
Thank you. Could I please get the address and phone number?
Yes, address is 154 chesterton road. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will do. Thanks!
Have a good trip. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


i want you to recommend a place to go in the centre that is type of entertainment
I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area or attraction type you would be interested in?
Okay, how about a nightclub?
there is none in that area. do you mind changing the area?
I was really hoping to find one in that area.
I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I have 5 options for nightclubs in the centre. I like club salsa, personally.
Could you please give me [Club Salsa's] address and postcode?
Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, cb12jb. Would you like any additional information?
I am also looking for someplace in the moderate price range, a room with free wifi.
We have many options. Would you like to narrow it down by area or stars?
I would like it to be 2 stars, and a hotel.
There are two hotels in the north that fit your needs: the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the [Lovell Lodge].
Okay! Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll need it for 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 people.
OK, 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 guests. Your Reference number is : DUYCGOB2 .
Thanks I also need a taxi to leave [Club Salsa].
Sure, will you be going back to [Lovell Lodge], and at what time?
I would want to return by [2:45].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white volkswagen Contact number : 07255014387 Can i help you with anything else today?
no thanks, that is okey for today
Okay, well if you need anything else you know where to find me! Have a good one! Bye!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 2 restaurants in the west part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like Italian or Vietnamese food?
[Italian] please! Can you book a table for me for 3 people? At [12:00] on Saturday?
I was successfully able to book you a table for 3 at 12:00 at [la margherita]. Your reference number is 9HCUDTJK . Would you like the address of the restaurant?
No, that will be all. Thanks.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!


Do you have any information on a hotel called the [Acorn Guesthouse]?
The acorn guesthouse is in the north of the city and is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you
Do you want me to book the guesthouse for you? I will need your day of arrival, the number of people and the number of nights.
Yes I need booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.?
The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another hotel.
Yes please book another in the same price range. And I will need the reference number.
You are booked into [alpha-milton guest house] in the moderate price range you wanted. Your reference number is 1JCGP18D . Is there anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I'll need for today. Bye.
Have a wonderful day!!


I have been involved in a car accident dispute and i do not know where to go from here
Contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station at 01223358966.
Thank you very much I will call them now.
Ok, do you require any further assistance?
Can I get the address as well?
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you for your help.
Before I let you go, are there any other questions that I can assist with today?
No that was all. Thank you
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for colleges to visit while I am in town.
There are 5 in town, but I recommend [Clare College] in the west. It's free to visit. Does that sound good?
Yes that sounds good may I have the phone number please?
Sure! The phone number is 01223333200. Anything else for you today?
I am also looking for a place to stay. Could you help with that?
Sure, do you have any area preferences?
Yeah. Moderate price range. Internet and parking are not a priority for me.
How about your area preference and star rating of the hotel?
No star preference, just as long as it's moderately priced. Thank you.
How about A and B Guesthouse? It is moderately priced.
I prefer hotels. Moderately priced.
I would recommend the [ashley hotel]. Would you like more information?
I'd like one with free wifi, and could you give me the star rating?
The ashley hotel fits your needs and has 2 stars. Would you like a booking?
Not right now. Thank you for the information!
Not a problem! Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope! That will do it, thanks!
Thanks for using our service. Have a nice night. Bye.


I'm looking for an expensive place to stay on the east side.
Okay, I have found a match. The [Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge]. Would you like me to book a room?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it has internet would you like to book a room?
yes for 5 nights please.
What night and how many people are you needing this for?
I am needing this for Sunday for 5 people, if the booking fails could you please book for 4 nights. Also can I have the reference number?
Yes, let me book that for you.
Thank you. What is the reference number? I'm also looking for places to go in town.
OK, you're all set. Your Reference number is : P16OTKFH .
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. I would like to visit a museum in the east area. Can you make a recommendation?
I have 4 museums in the east. May I suggest [saint barnabas press gallery]? It's free admission.
Yes I think that will work, I need the postcode too.
Sure! The postcode is CB13EW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah,I;m high maintenance, lol. Just a taxi from [Saint Barnabas] to the [Express hotel]. I'll leave by [13:00]
No problem at all. I have you booked in a black Ford. The contact number is 07805617119. Anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks!
I appreciate your help. Thanks again.


I would like a cheap restaurant that serves [vietnamese] food
I found [Thanh Binh] in the west part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and goodbye!


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
There are several hospitals in the area what department do you want?
Just the general information, please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge, in the postcode of CB20QQ. Do you need more information?
No, that will be all. Thank you! good bye.
You can reach Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Postcode: CB20QQ. Telephone number 01223245151.


Hi. I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday. Can you help me?
There are 5 trains departing from London Kings Cross station to Cambridge on Saturday. Each will take 51 minutes. Is there a specific time you would prefer to depart?
I would like to leave [after 12:00.]
There is a train leaving London Kings Cross for Cambridge at 13:17 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I will need to be on that train.
Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need 8 tickets.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 151.04 GBP and the booking number is X1NEC9S5 . Thank you again.
Actually, I need to depart from Kings Lynn, not Kings Cross. Can you change that please?
TR7178 departs from kings lynn to cambridge saturday at 13:11, arriving cambridge at 13:58, would you like to book this one?
Yes, please book 8 tickets for that train. May I please have the reference number?
Your reference number is POHLZ4EY and 62.72 GBP will be due at the station. The train leaves Kings Lynn at 13:11. Can I further assist you?
No, thank you. That is all.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


I want a train leaving on sunday.
Yes sure. I will need your departure and arrival destinations.
I am leaving from Stevenage going to Cambridge.
I have 10 trains for you. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by [12:00] please.
Okay, how about the TR7802? It departs at 09:54.
That's fine. Could you book this for me, there will be 5 people.
I have booked 5 tickets from Stevenage to Cambridge living on Sunday at 9:54 and arriving at 10:53. Your total fee is 51.2 GBP. Reference # is GZ0LOZQV
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay?
Sure, I can help you with that. Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at?
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel in the center with free parking and wifi.
I don't have anything that meets that criteria. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one in the north?
Yes, there are 9 places to stay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
It doesn't matter to me. Whichever place you recommend will be fine. I'll need to book for the same people, same day, and 3 nights.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9RCTPPN
That you, thats all I needed today.
Ok! Have a wonderful day!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge I want more information on the [primavera] , do I need tickets or make seating arrangements
The Primavera museum is located in the centre area at 10 King S Parade. No need to purchase tickets as entrance is free. May I assist you with anything else?
Can I also get postcode?
The postcode is cb21sj. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a train to Cambridge that leaves after [14:00].
There are 735 trains heading to cambridge what is your departure site?
Stansted airport. Can I make that for thursday, too?
The earliest train is TR5502 and leaves at 15:17. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I would like to know the price please.
The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to book now?
That's okay I don't need to book today but I think you would have solved all my questions
Have a great day. Please contact us again if you need additional information or would like to make that booking.


I am looking for a hotel in the expensive price range.
There are 5 expensive hotels available. Did you have a preference as to area of the hotel?
No, it doesn't matter. I would like a 4 star hotel with free parking though.
There are two, one in the west and one the centre of town.
Could you reserve the one in the centre of town for 3 nights starting Monday? There will be 3 of us.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to book you for the day and time you wanted. Would another day or time be alright?
Okay, could you try the other one, please?
I couldn't book that one either. Would you like to change your criteria?
I would actually like to book it for 8 people, not 3.
Sure no problem. So the hotel is [huntingdon marriott hotel] and your reference number for the booking is 34BAQ2WK . Is there anything else I can help?
That's great. I'm all set , thank you!
You're welcome. Glad to help! bye bye!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What type of information are you looking for? I can helpp with dining, hotels and entertainment.
I need a train on friday going to ely from cambridge arrival by [13:00]
I have 4 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to book tickets?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8BUQLIK8 .
Great! I also need to have some [north american] food in the west part of town.
I'm sorry, we don't have any north american restaurants in the west area. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Could you look again for places that serve North American food in the West.
The only north american restaurant in the city is in the centre. Would you like more information about that?
How about an [intalian] restaurnat in the west area?
I have two. One is moderately priced, and one is cheap. Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one will be fine. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and at [10:15].
You are booked the reference number is 3ICEL34F, can I help with anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you
You're very welcome! Have a great day.


I am looking for an expensive [Danish] place.
Are you looking for a Danish restaurant?
Yes please. In the centre of town.
I am sorry I have no listings for that type of restaurant, is there any other type of food you would like?
Is there an expensive [chinese] restaurant in the centre?
Yes I was able to locate 4. Can I book a table for you?
Yes please,for tonight at 9 PM if possible.
I will make a booking for you at hk fusion, but I do need to know what day and time you prefer, and for how many people.
For four, Thursday, [11:45].
Booking unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes please in the same area and price range.
Booked at [ugly duckling]. Reference number: EQFGNMFY . Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else that I can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip?
That was all I needed today thank you!
Thank you have a good day.


Hello! Can you tell me about the [Indian] restaurants you have in the center of town?
Sure I have many. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, I'd like a cheap one.
In that price range, you have your choice of the Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and the Mahal of Cambridge.
Great can I book [Kohinoor] for 5 people at [14:30] on tuesday?
Yes success! I was able to reserve all of you a table and your reference number is UM8AZ1RH .
Great can you also direct me to a college to visit in the same area?
I'd recommend Emmanuel College in the centre of town.
Perfect. What is the phone number, address and postcode for Emmanuel College?
Emmanuel College is on Saint Andrews Street. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to the restaurant to arrive in time for my reservation.
I certainly can. Would you like to depart from [Emmanuel College] to go to kohinoor?
Yes, that's correct. I just want to arrive in time for my reservation.
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07472812793. What else can I help you with?
Nope, you have been great!
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for a particular attraction, [The Man on the Moon].
Sure. The Man on the Moon is located at 2 norfolk street and their telephone number is 01223474144.
Great, thank you for your help!
You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any [vegetarian] restaurants with moderate cost nearby there?
I apologize but there aren't any vegetarian restaurants with a moderate price range in the centre area.
How about [Chinese]? Is there any moderate priced Chinese places in the centre area?
There are three restaurants matching that search. Would you like me to book you a reservation for jinling noodle bar?
What about a restaurant called [Frankie and Bennys]?
frankie and bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 1 on Friday at [18:30], if that's available.
I'm sorry, but they're all full up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or a different time?
Yes can you see if [17:30] is available for that day?
Your table has been booked for Friday at 17:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 23GYHJG6 . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd also like a taxi to go from [The Man on the Moon] to [Frankie and Benny's], arriving by [17:30]. I will need the contact number and car type, please.
Your car will be a blue bmw and the contact number is 07344209609. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you!
Thank you, and have a nice day!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Australian] food and in the cheap price range.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that serve australian food.
do you have some places that serve [italian] ?
la margherita seems to fit your request.
Can I get the address and phone number?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a restaurant?
It would be my pleasure. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I would love some [North American] food!
We have one option, the [gourmet burger kitchen], they are in the centre area and the pricing is expensive, can I book you?
Yes, just myself at [11:45] on monday please.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is 0X0N3WV0 .
Thanks so much. Can you help me find a place to stay in that area as well?
What area are you looking to stay in?
The south please.
There are a number of options. Did you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter and I don't need free parking. I'd prefer a guesthouse.
I recommend the [aylesbray lodge guest house], it is in the moderate price range and four stars. It's on 5 mowbray road, cb17sr. Would you like me to make a bookin gfor you?
Not yet, do they have internet? And what is their postcode?
Yes they have internet and their postcode is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the guesthouse and arrive at the restaurant by [11:45] please. Please include the contact number and car type.
Can you please give me the name of your departure and name of your desination?
I am leaving from the restaurant.
Just to be clear, do you want to be picked up at the gourmet burger kitchen, or is that your destination?
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book.
I also need to know when you want to leave.
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book
Okay, I have you booked in a blue Audi. The contact number is 07920692950. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything today.
I was glad to assist you today.


Hi, I need to find an expensive [Chinese] restaurant.
Do you have a preference to area. There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants.
yes, I`d like an expensive Chinese restaurant in the area of south, thank you.
There are 2 expensive Chinese restaurants in the south side. The Peking Restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you also like information on the second one?
No, but can you book me a table for one of the south side ones? 3 people on Monday for [16:30].
Unfortunately I could not book you at that time slot at either of the expensive chinese hotels on the south side. Is there another time that would work for you?
How about [15:30]? Are there any slots available then?
There is availability at the [good luck] chinese food takeaway and you have a reservation booked. The reference number is W06BBN75 .
Alright. Now can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like the stick to the same price range as the restaurant, but I also need free WiFi.
There are 5 different hotels that fit this. They all have free internet and also parking. Did you have a certain area in town?
No, I do not have a certain area.
How about the Lensfield Hotel? It's also in the south. I can book this for you if you'd like.
I need a hotel that has a star rating of three, does the [Lensfield Hotel] fit into that?
It does have a 3 star rating, and free wifi and parking, would you like to book this hotel?
Yes go ahead can I please get the phone number as well?
The phone number is 01223355017. When would you like to stay, and for how many nights and people will the booking be?
I also need a taxi between the two places.
What time do you need the taxi, and do you need it from the restaurant or the hotel?
From the restaurant by the booked time.
Yes I have booked you a taxi and a blue Honda will be picking you up to arrive by 15:30. The contact number for the taxi is 07711738338.
Thank you very much for all your help.
Welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, I believe that does it. Thanks again.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I would like a hotel while in cambridge. It doesn't need parking or internet.
We have a few choices to pick from, any preferences on pricing or area?
The price doesn't matter are there any 3 star places available?
the lensfield hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south and gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel in the centre
What is the price range and phone number of the [gonville hotel]?
The phone number is 01223366611. It is expensive.
Thanks! I also want to ride on a boat, is that something you can help with? I would like to do this in the south area of town.
No boats in that area, is there another location you have in mind?
Hmmm...how about a nightclub, instead?
There is [the place] their address is 22 sidney street and number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was there an entrance fee to that nightclub?
The entrance fee is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by [07:30].
Okay, I've got you book in a black lexus with Contact number 07490949646.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today. Good-bye.
Ok. I hope you enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for a guest house that offers free parking.
I have located several guesthouses with free parking. Can you tell me the area you would like to stay in and the price range? That would help narrow our search.
Sure. I would like it to be in the south and in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there are no matched in the South in that price range. The South only has moderate and cheap.
i will take a moderate guest house with parking then.
I would like to recommend [aylesbray lodge guest house], would that be alright with you?
Yes, five people four nights, starting from Monday on.
That wasn't available but I booked you at the [Bridge Guest House]. It has everything you were looking for. The reference number is 1AMM7M53 .
Thank you, that is all.
Okay enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the east.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range but I am looking for [asian oriental] cuisine. Is that possible?
I am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
How about [British] food?
I would recommend you try [Grafton Hotel Restaurant]. As requested it is in the east and serves British food.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at [13:00]?
Booking was unsuccessful. can we book another day or time slot?
please try booking at [1200hrs] and get me the reference number
Booking was successful for Thursday at 1200hrs , table for 7 at Grafton Hotel restaurant. Your Reference number is KQKTCX5Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should be everything. Thank you so much for all of your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner!


Are there any 3-star hotels, guesthouses, or B&B's that have wifi that you don't have to pay for?
There are 5 places to stay that match your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
No, but the hotel should be in the north.
I have found the Hamilton Lodge. It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information about it?
Yeah, how much does it cost?
It is listed as moderately priced.
Thanks, what is the address and does it have free parking?
Hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, and yes it does have free parking.
Cool, thank you. I'm all set now. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.


I need a place to stay in the cheap price range.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is available
it should be a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse. is it?
yes it is . can i give you the contact?
I would like to book it for 6 people staying 4 nights.
I'd be happy to help with your request, what day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Tuesday.
Okay. Your booking was successful and the reference number is 7SJQKM1T .
Thank you. While I have your attention, do you mind looking up a particular attraction for me? I believe it was called "[hughes hall]."
Yes their address is Wollaston road and their telephone number is 01223334898.
Could you tell me their postcode and what kind of attraction it is?
Of course, it is a college and the post code is cb12ew.
I need a taxi leaving the college at [03:00] then.
And what is your destination?
hughes hall college postal code cb12ew
I need the destination from Hughes Hall College.


I am looking for a attraction called [emmanuel college].
Emmanuel College is located on St. Andrew's Street in the city centre, would you like to know their hours of operation?
No but can you get me the postcode.
Their postcode is cb23ap.
I need to find a train to get there too.
OK, can you give me your arrival and departure stations, as well as the day and time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by [09:45] and I am going to Cambridge.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you will be traveling?
Sure, I will be departing from London Kings Cross on Friday.
I have train TR5219 leaving at 5:17 and arriving at 6:08 with a cost of 23.60 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 8 people and let me know the reference number.
Great, 8 tickets secured your reference numer is 5CETWAP8 and the cost is 188.8 payable at the station. Anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need.
Thanks for calling in today. Have a nice day.
Thanks again. Bye!
Thank you for your time.


Do you have any places to stay in the west that include free parking?
Yes, we have four, two guesthouses and two hotels. Do you have a preference?
Are any of those in the cheap price range with free wifi as well?
I have two options, a guest house and a hotel. Which do you prefer.
I would like the hotel for one person for 4 nights starting on Friday
I'm sorry, but they have no vacancy at that time. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or perhaps a different arrival day?
Yes, let's try for just one night please.
I have successfully booked you a room at [The Cambridge Belfry] for Friday. Your reference number is DE3B03B6 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I find someplace in the same area of town to go to do something?
magdalene college would be nice for you


Hello, could you help me with information on a train?
Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.
What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by [15:45].
Great I have tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.
the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?
Do you have a area of town you prefer?


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Meghna].
Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book for 3 people.
Im happy to book that for you, what date and time?
Make the booking for Friday at [13:00]. If that isn't available, then 12:00 is fine. Please provide the reference number if you're successful.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 06PQA3E2
Great. I'll also need to make a reservation for a hotel with free parking in the south.
Ok i will try and find you one thank and welcome again


i'm looking for a place to stay that includes internet and free parking
What area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North.
[Arbury lodge guesthouse] is in the north, would you like to stay there?
that sounds great.
Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
Can you give me the price range, postcode and hotel type?
It is a guesthouse that is moderately priced the post code is cb42je.
Perfect! Thanks. Can you also help me find info for a train to Stevenage?
Yes of course. What day will you travel?
I would like to leave on Sunday.
And what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after 14:#0
I'm sorry it looks like there was a typo in the time you'd like to depart, could you confirm your departure time again please?
Sorry, I want to leave after [14:30]. Please let me know the time of arrival and travel time.
train with ID TR9765 leaves at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10. is that fine with you?
That sounds good - what's the total travel time?
The total travel time is 49 minutes and the price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like it booked?
No thanks, just gathering info, I am all set for now.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is all for today. Thanks.
thanks you too
i will surely visit you henever i need your services
Have a great visit. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a [danish] restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find?
No I think I'd rather find something [European] in the center of town that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like to expand your food type to find more?
Sure, how about about one that serves [Indian] food?
There is a restaurant called Kohinoor that serves cheap Indian food in the centre area. Would you like to book a reservation?
No thank you, but can I please have the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes certainly their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and their postcode is cb12as. Their telephone number is 01223323639. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't need further help. Thank you.
You are welcome. Please contact us again soon. Have a good day.


I would like a restaurant in centre city serving [spanish] food.
la raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range.
Please give me [La Raza's] address and postcode. Please give me La Raza's phone number.
The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.


I am looking for a particular restaurant
I can look it up by name if you are looking for a certain one, what is the name of the restaurant you are needing information on?
Please look up [yippee noodle bar].
Yippee Noodle Bar is an asian oriental place in centre with a moderate price range. It's location is 40428 King Street City and phone 01223518111.
Could I make a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people at [13:45].
Reference number is : S9X5LQ1I . Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay, that has moderate pricing.
Cityroomzs hotel is moderately priced and also in the center, would you like me to book it for you?
I need something in the north, with free wifi and free parking.
Oh yes I have many choices in the north that are guesthouses and two hotels with free wifi and parking. Do you need me to suggest one for you?
I would love if you could suggest one. It can be so overwhelming.
How about the [Acorn Guest House]? It's price is moderate and it has both internet and parking.
What is the address and how many stars is it rated?
The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road and it is rated 4 stars.
Thank you for the address and star rating of Acorn Guest House.
Would you like for me to make a reservation for you at the Acorn Guest House?
No that will be all thank you.
Thanks for using our service. Have a good day.


I would like information on museums to visit in the centre of town.
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Is there a particular museum you are interested in?
Which one do you recommend? Can i have the address and phone number?
I'd recommend the Castle Galleries their phone number is 01223307402 and address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Saturday.
Sure. Where are you departing from and when did you want to arrive?
I am departing from Cambridge and don't care what time I arrive as long as I depart after [21:30] from broxbourne.
The TR5034 departs from cambridge at [22:01].
I think that one is a good bet. Can you book it for me?
How many tickets do you need?
I've got a group of 8 people in all.
You are booked for 8. Your total fee is 114.56 GBP. TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01 and arrives in broxbourne by 23:01.
What is the reference number?
The reference number is UWNPYQIB .


What is the closest police station to my current location?
Closest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thank you, Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


This heatwave is killing me and the kids are screaming about being too hot, can I get info on pools in the centre area?
parkside pools is a nice place to cool your screaming kids off.
That's great! What postcode is that?
Parkside Pools post code is cb11ly
Can you find me a train I'm leaving cambridge and want to arrive at my designation by [11:30].
Yes but I will need your destination and day of travel
The train should go to leicester and should leave on thursday
I have six trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to make a booking on one of them?
Yes please. Which is the closest one that arrives by 11:30?
TR1755 is your best bet. It will arrive in Leicester at 11:06. Would you like to book tickets on that?
No, thanks. I just need the departure time, please.
The departure time is 09:21. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
great, have a wonderful day!


Find me an expensive [moroccan] restaurant please.
i haven't found any, maybe a less expensive one?
Did you check the east area?
i haven't found any in the east too
How about expensive [indian] food in the east area?
Yes, there's pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori.
Can you give me the postal code and phone number for [Pipasha restaurant]?
Sure! The phone number is 01223577786 and the postcode is cb58pa. Can be of any further help?
Great can I also get a train on monday heading to broxbourne
Yes and where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive or leave?
Actually, I'm departing from broxbourne and heading into cambridge. I'd love to arrive by [12:30] on Monday
TR0559 leaves Monday at 09:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 10:32 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes! Book for 8 people, please.
I've booked you 8 tickets for train TR0559 departing Broxbourne at 9:32 on Monday. THe cost is 143.19 GBP. YOur reference number is B87U1BOH . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you very much.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Can you tell me more about the [peking restaurant]? Thank you.
It is Chinese food in the south part of town, 10 Homerton Street City Centre
Great! Can you book a table for 3 there? We'd like something at [11:15] on Wednesday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VA3VO5OM . What else can I assist you with today?
I would like to find a museum to to visit that is in the centre area of town.
The centre has 11 museums. I recommend castle galleries personally. It is free to enter.
That sounds lovely. Could I get the phone number?
Sure, the phone number is 01223307402. I can make a reservation if you would like?
Not right now. That's all I need. Thank you
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for entertainment places in the centre of town.
I apologize there are currently no entertainment places in this area. I would be more than happen to look in another area or other attraction types.
How about a cinema?
Yes, the [Vue Cinema] is in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone number?
Yes please, I would like the address, postcode, and phone number.
The address is the grafton centre, east road. The phone number is 08712240240. The postcode is cb11ps.
I am also looking for a train that will go to Peterborough and leave on a Sunday. Can you locate one for me?
I have 38 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday. Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and when would you like to arrive?
The train should leave after [13:45] and should depart from cambridge.
I have 20 trains that meet this criteria. Is there a particular time that you would like to arrive by?
As early as possible, but still departing after 13:45.
The earliest train would leave at 14:06 and arrive at 14:56. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That will work, can you please give me the train ID, price, and travel time?
The train ID is TR0283, the price is 13.20 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?
I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.
I would recommend the [Cambridge Belfry] Hotel. It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings. Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?
The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after [21:30] on wednesday.
I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.
I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday. It leaves at 23:00. Will that work?
That would be just fine can you book that for 6 people?
Your reservation for 6 on the TR7942 train was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 4SU5FYGN .
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Goodbye!


I want [turkish] food.
I find 3 restaurants matching your request.
Is there anything else?
You're looking for Turkish food, correct?
Yes. Are any of those restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes, there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town.
What is the price range?
anatolia and efes restaurant are moderately priced, while meze bar restaurant is expensive.
What is the address?
The address for which restaurant?
address for [anatolia] please
anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thanks.
You're welcome and thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


Hello. I'm looking to take a train into Cambridge at [7:15] PM.
No problem. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Kings Lynn on Friday.
Great, I can look that up for you! Do you want to catch the train after 7:15, or do you need to be in Cambridge by 7:15?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [19:15].
There are three trains that leave for cambrdige before 7:15. One is at 5:11, one at 6:11, and one at 7:11. Would one of these work for you?
Let's go with the one that leaves at 7:11. Can you tell me what the price is?
It is 9.80 pounds and it is a 47 minute ride. Would you like me to book a train for you?
No thanks, but I do need the trainID, please. Then let's talk hotels.
Yes the train ID for the 7:11 is TR3858.
I also need a room at a hotel in the west that has free parking. It should be 4 stars and cheap.
There are 8 hotels with those features are there any other features you want in order to narrow it down?
Not really any other preferences, what would you recommend?
I recommend the [allenbell] guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll need the reservation to be for 1 person staying for 3 nights. I'd like to arrive the same day as my train please.
Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EBQN22N5 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all! Thank you!
have a great day!
Woah, wait, the train needs to arrive by 7:15, not depart. I doubt the train ride is 4 minutes, right?
The train will arrive by [7:15]pm (19:15) and is 47 minutes long, not 4 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, as long you tell me I'll be on time, I should be good.
Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
That's all I needed thank you very much!
You are welcome, have a great time with your Cambridge adventure. Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.


Can you tell me where the restaurant [Tandoori Palace] is located?
Tandoori Palace is in the west, address 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le.
Great, could you reserve me a table for 1 on Sunday at [18:15] please?
I've done it. The reference number is LPNKZ7V5 . Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for [Hamilton Lodge]. Do you have any information on it?
It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
Do you know if they offer internet and free parking?
Yes the hamilton lodge offers both free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, what is the postcode, please?
The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation.
Sure, what day would you like to stay? Anything else you'd like to tell me?
No, that's ok. I have everything I need for now. Thank you for all of your help today.
You're welcome! Thanks for contacting me today!


Yes, I am looking for information for the [Kirkwood House]. Can you help me?
I would love to help! This is a guesthouse located in the north. It is moderately priced and has a four star rating. Any thing else?
Does the Kirkwood House have free parking and wifi?
Yes Kirkwood house has both internet and parking available, would you like help booking a room?
I'm not sure about that... maybe I could just get their phone number from you?
The phone number for the kirkwood house is 01223306283. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I need a hotel to stay at that is 3 stars. I would preferably like one that has free wifi at it, and possibly close to the local restaurants.
Try [gonville hotel] located at gonville place.
Ok, sounds good. What is the price?
Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
Oh, that won't work. I need it to be cheap.
There aren't any cheap 3 star hotels that have free wifi. Do you have alternative preferences?
How about one in the expensive price range?
There are 2,one in centre,and one in the south,which would you like more?
The one in the south. Can you book it for me?
I can book the [lensfield hotel], how many people will be staying?
I need it booked for 2 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.
Okay I have you booked at the Lensfield Hotel starting Thursday for 5 nights for 2 people. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the reference number on that? Also I would like to book a restaurant as well in the same price range
Of course, the reference number is 41A4LS9O . We have 57 restaurants in the expensive price range. What type of food are you interested in eating?
I would like [fusion] food and please make sure the restaurant is located in centre.
I apologize, I do not have any fusion options available in the town centre. Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you try [european]? I'd like a booking for the same group of people at [17:45] on the same day.
I am unable to get a reservation for 2 at 17:45. Should I try a different time?
Yes I suppose, how about [16:45] instead?
You have a reservation for 2 at [Eraina] on Thursday at 16:45. Your reference number is 80V5LKSU .
Sounds great! I'd like to book a taxi to commute between the two.
Alright, when would you like to leave and arrive by?
I want it to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time.
ok i have a yellow ford able to pick you up! Is there anything else I can do for you?
can I please have the contact number for the taxi?
Of course, my apologies for the oversight. Their contact number is 07149496005.
Great. Looks like I have all the information I need. Thanks so much. Bye.
Good night, enjoy your stay at cambridge.


I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after [21:45].
The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?
I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?
The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?
Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.
Okay, I have the [alpha-milton guest house] in the north area. Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?


Can a taxi pick me up at [carolina bed and breakfast]?
When do you want to leave by?
I want to be sure and leave after [24:00]
What is your destination?
I want to go to [lensfield hotel]
The taxi is booked for 24:15. It is a yellow Volkswagen.
I'll also need the contact number please.
Your contact number is 07744553058. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a nice day.


can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving [spanish] food anywhere in town?
[La Tasca] serves Spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range.
What is the address, phone number, and area?
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street in the Centre area. Their phone number is 01223 464630. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it, Thank you
Thank you for choosing our system. Goodbye
Thanks again!
good bye


Hello, I'm looking to book a taxi to [Cocum].
All right, when would you like to depart?
[After 2:30,] please.
Certainly. I'm sending a grey toyota. The contact number is 07520577289. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need the taxi to depart from [archway house].
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, I am all set.
Enjoy your trip!


Yes I am looking for a local restaurant to dine that will serve expensive [european] food
eraina has a really good menu. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please for one person.
What day and time would you like?
Perhaps I can call and ask a few questions. What is there phone # and address please?
Of course. Their phone is 01223368786 and they are at Free School Lane City Centre
Can I also get their postcode please?
Their post code is cb23rh. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for information on a train. I need to leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. I want to arrive by [13:45].
There are 8 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on your departure time from Cambridge?
I am not picky as long as I arrive on time.
The TR7430 leaves Cambridge at 12:11 and arrives at Kings Lynn by 12:58. Would you like to book tickets?
I would like to book for 8 people please.
I have your tickets reserved, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is: V6AXIQBL . Can I do anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


A friend told me about the [bridge guest house]. Do you know about it?
Yes, it has internet and located in the south. It's located at 151 hills road.
Okay, great! Will you please make a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday?
I was able to book you, your Reference number is : SD4Y0S4E . Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant serving [English] food.
There are no restaurants that meet that exact criteria, but would you like to try for a different cuisine or price range?
Sure, how about an expensive [Indian] restaurant?
Sure. What have you got?
I asked for an expensive Indian restaurant please.
Sorry about that! There are a number of fine Indian restaurants in the city. Is there a certain part of town you'd prefer to dine in?
No, no preference on the area.
Well I have The [Curry Garden] in the city center.
Sounds great! Can I get a reservation for 6 on saturday at [11:30]?
I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is HBWVX9VW .
That is all. Thank you.
Great! Enjoy your meal! Have a great day!


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge in postcode CB20QQ.
Can I have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you. You, too. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


I am looking to book a train.
I would be more than happy to help you find a train. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you would like to go?
I'm looking for a train that goes to leicester and arrives on sunday. The train needs to leave after [6:45] from cambridge.
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after [18:45], not the time I said before.
I have five options for your requested time with the closest leaving at 19:21. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people. What is the reference number?
Your reference number is P5XAHU9D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap place to dine.
I've got several choices for cheap dining. Do you have a preference of area or food type?
Centre area, no food type preference, what do you recommend?
I have several options. How about the Dojo noodle bar? It's located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Sounds great, I'd like to book for the same number of people at [10:00] on the same day.
Unfortunately booking at that time was unsuccessful, do you have an alternate time you'd prefer?
Please try [9:00] instead on the same day.
They are not open at 9:00 on sunday. May I suggest another establishment?
Are you quite certain you can't get me a table at [9:00]?
I am certain. Their phone number is 01223363471, perhaps you can call and speak with someone.
thank you I will call them
You're welcome. Is there anything else needed?
Actually, book that for me. Same number of people on the same day.
It appears to be booked up all day sunday. Can I recommend another restaurant that might be open that day?
Yes please do I am having no luck, I need the reference number then too.
I can do the j restaurant in the centre if that would be ok
Sure we can try to book that.
That doesn't seem to be working either.
Can you please locate another restaurant for me please that is accepting reservations on sunday.
I am sorry but on Sunday cheap restaurants in the centre are all completely booked. Is there something else I can help you with?
Please recommend the cheapest restaurant that is available and book it. We need to eat! Thanks!!!
Okay, [the river bar steakhouse and grill] can be booked at 9:00 on Sunday, I've booked for 5 people, the reference number is RFTEXMIX, is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you. You were very helpful.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I am hoping you can help me find a hotel with free wifi in the north.
[Acorn guest house] is in the North and offers wifi, it is moderately priced and has 4 stars. Would you like to book it?
Does it have parking?
Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Can I assist you in booking a room?
I actually would want something expensive (north side preferred) and free wifi and parking.
I have nothing in the north area meeting that search criteria, would you like me to check another area?
Yes. How about an expensive place in the centre of town, with both free wifi and parking?
I found the [gonville hotel]. It is located in the center, is in the expensive price range, has free internet and parking! Shall I book it?
Yes! Please book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
I'm sorry there is no availability for 2 nights from Monday, would you like me to try a different date or a different hotel?
How about one night only?
That was open, the reference code is B13IXXHV .
Great, thank you for your help!
Thank you, do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Thanks for letting me assist you. Bye!


Help, I injured my eye! I am looking for the nearest hospital with the [cambridge eye unit].
You can contact them at 01223257168.
What's the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need help with anything else?
No thank you! Hopefully my eye is ok! Good night!
Good luck, I hope you recover soon!


I'm looking for an [indian] restaurant in the south area of town.
which price range are you looking for?
I don't care. What have you found?
There is [Taj Tandoori]. Would you like the information?
Yes, please. phone number and address
Their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I have been robbed, how do I contact the police?
The nearest station is: located at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode, CB11JG. Phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, that is all I need. Good bye.
I hope everything works out for you. Don't hesitate to call back. Goodbye.


I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
What day and time?
Leave after [17:00] on Sunday.
Train 8665 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings lynn at 17:58. How does that sound?
Great. Please book it for 4 people.
I have booked that for you! The reference number is C63RMSDC and you will owe 31.36 at the station. Do you need anything else?
I would also line places to go that is entertainment and should be in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, there are no such places. Can I change your search criteria?
Yes there is. I saw it in the pamphlet. Check again please.
I apologize. I have doubled checked and there is no entertainment venues in the centre. The entertainment venues that I do have are located in the east, south and west.
I'm quite sure that there are colleges in the centre of town. Can you ask a manager to help you look?
Okay there is the Christ's College located at Saint Andrew's Street and it's free. Also Corpus Christi College, King's Parade cost 2 pounds.


I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.
Sure. There are six different options in that area. What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet. I just for sure want a 4 star place.
Might I suggest the [Autumn House]. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.
Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 544D87NG .
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?
Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
I want to leave from stevenage after [14:30].
TR1800 leaves at 15:54 and arrives at 16:43. Will that one work for you?
Yes, it will be fine. I need tickets for the same group of people please.
Train TR1800 is booked. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0J6YFX . May I help with something else?
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.


Hello, I am looking for an [Indonesian] restaurant. Can you help me with that?
I'm so sorry, but I don't see any Indonesian restaurants. Will another cuisine do?
Oh really? Indonesian is the only cuisine I will consider.
My apologies, but there truly aren't any indonesian restaurants listed in all of Cambridge. Would you consider one that serves oriental or [indian] food?
how about one that serves [italian] food?
there are 22 of them. what is your price range?
It should be in the cheap price range and in the centre of town.
I have three to choose from. Would you like me to suggest something?
Yes, please. Which would you consider to be the most authentic?
pizza hut city centre is nice
I will try that.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you get me a table for 3 at the [pizza hut]?
Sure! For what day, time and how many do you need it for?
I will be there on thursday at [5 pm]. 6 people please.
Ok. I was able to get you a table for 17:00. Your reference number is N5G8UXRG .
I'm also looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by [08:00].
what is your destination and which day could you like to travel?
I want to go to Stevenage, on Sunday.
The train leaves at [5:00].
Can you make a booking and give me its reference number?
Actually, it's at 5:21. If you still want to take that train, how many tickets would you like for me to book for you?
Yes, 3 tickets please.
Wonderful! I have booked 3 tickets for train TR5390 to stevenage on Sunday and your reference number is QKQURGH5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all I need today.
Okay, great! Have a lovely visit!


Can you help me find a hotel called [Limehouse]? Thanks.
Limehouse phone number is 01223300552. Would like you to make a reservation?
Yes book for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IV8NUJOU . anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.
Thanks for letting me assist you. Have a great day!


I need directions to go to Addenbrookes Hospital to visit a sick friend.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, If you could please?
Their phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Thank you for using us have a nice day.


Hi, I am looking for information on train schedules going to Cambridge.
Do you have a particular itinerary in mind?
Yes, I was looking to leave Bishops Stortford on Monday sometime after [16:45].
The first train after 16:45 is the TR8925, departing Bishops Stortford at 17:29. Would you like to book one or more tickets for this train?
Yes, I would. May I please get the arrival time?
There are several. One arrives at 18:07 will this work?
I am also interested in a place to dine that is moderately priced.
I have many moderately prices options. Is there a type of food you'd like?
[British] food sounds good. Somewhere in the centre.
I recommend [Cotto], located at 183 East Road City Centre. Would you like a table there?
Yes please. I just need it for myself at [20:30] that same day.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. your reference number is G44NSDGJ . anything else you need help with?
thanks for your help. that is all i wanted
You are welcome. Did you want me to book your train tickets? That was left up in the air.
That is all.
Thank you for calling. If you need any further assistance please don't hesitate to call back. Good Bye!


I would like to find a museum to to go to in the centre in town. Can you help me?
[Broughton house gallery] is a museum in the cetnre of town.
Can I have the postcode?
Yes the post code is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nice place to stay. 4-stars, expensive - that sort of thing.
In what area?
Also in the centre of town, please. And, I'm not too fond of guesthouses, so can you try for a hotel instead please. Thanks.
The [university arms hotel] meets your needs. If you give me your travel details, I can book it for you.
Sounds good! I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights, starting on Saturday.
I've completed your booking, your reference number is BXRZYUU7 . What else can I help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi to get to the hotel after visiting the museum.
I can definitely help with that. First I'll need to know though either when you want to leave the attraction or what time you want to arrive at the hotel by
I want to leave the attraction by [14:00].
You are booked for a red Volkswagen. Your contact number is 07391981336. May I help you with anything else?
Attraction, lodging and taxi. That's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.
Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay. Goodbye!


I am looking for a train going to Cambridge. Can you help me?
Sure. And on what day do you want to travel ?
I'll be leaving stansted airport anytime after [17:45] on thursday
The next flight after your desired time is at 18:24 on the TR5921 train. You would arrive by 18:52 at cambridge.
make reservation for 1 person and give me reference number
Your reference number is XZHNMJRS and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Great. I also need a restaurant serving [italian] food.
We have quite a few good italian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you prefer a particular area or price range?
It should be in the south, whatever you recommend. I'll need a booking for 1 person at [20:15] on Thursday.
Would you like to try [pizza express]?
Yes, that will work. Please book a table for 1 person at 20/15 on Thursday.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: JO641TUZ .
Thank you very much.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I trying to plan my trip and need some information about places to visit.
Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
yes, how about an architecture kind of attraction?
We have 5 in town, might I suggest [All Saints Church]?
THAT IS FINE. GET ME THE POST CODE.
Their post code is cb58bs. Is there anything more I can help you with?
Yes, can I have the phone number for the [Lan Hong house] restaurant?
Sure. The phone number is 01223350420. Can I help you with anything else today?
Please also book restaurant for 5 people on Wednesday at [14:45].
The booking was successful, they will reserve the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I6EE0RO2 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I'm all set.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!


I need a train from Stevenage that would leave after [10:45].
What day would you be traveling on? And where would you be heading to?
I would be travelling on Monday and heading TO Stevenage FROM Cambridge. I'm sorry, I stated that wrong the first time.
THere is a train that leaves at 11:21 and then trains that leave every two hours after that. Does one of those sound best?
Yes, I would like to take the one at [11:21]. Can you give me the train ID, travel time, and price for that train?
I have successfully booked a seat on TR6930. The fee is 12.8 GBP and reference number is MWJYC3CD . Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel.
can you give me more specifications on the hotel you need?
A guesthouse with free parking would be great.
How does the [Allenbell] sound? Would you like more information?
I need the hotel for 6 people, 3 nights starting Friday. I also need a reference number
We got that booked for you. Your reference number is NBY8UOS8 .
Thank you for your time.
You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No. That is all. Thank you.
Have a wonderful trip.


I need a taxi to pick me up at the [Museum of Classical Archaeology] to take me to What of a Time.
I'm sorry, did you mean Whale of a Time? I will also need you to tell me when you'd like to leave or arrive by as well.
Sorry, [Whale of a Time]. I want to leave the museum [after 10:30,] please.
The taxi is booked for 10:45 and will be a black Honda.
Great! Thanks a lot!
Thank you goodbye


I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge. I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough. Can you give me some times?
Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day. Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before [12:15], please.
TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09. Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.
My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called [Archway House].
Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LMABMGNI . Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.
Alright. Have a great day.


I am looking for a [danish] restaurant
There are no danish restaurants listed. May I direct you toward another restaurant?
How about [north american] food?
There is one listing for North American food, [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] in Centre part of town.
What is their phone number and postcode?
Postcode: C.B 2, 1 A.B, phone number is 01223 312598
Is there anything else?
That is the only restaurant serving North American food.
could you give me the phone number and postcode ?
the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B
thank you good bye .
thank you for using our service, good bye.


I want to go to a particular attraction called [great saint mary's church]. Where is it?
The great saint mary's church is in city centre, the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Please provide the address.
The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave after [13:45].
What is your destination and what day will you be leaving Cambridge?
I'd like the train for Saturday and I'm headed to London Liverpool Street, please.
great! the TR4466 leaves at 13:59!
I need to book that for 6 people.
I will work on booking this for you.
Please provide the reference number after booking is completed.
I will just a minute please


Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?
There are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
Surprise me. What food type can you recommend?
I have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it. It's called Nando's City Centre. Or if you prefer, I have anything from italian to spanish as well.
What's the post code for Nando City?
It is cb23ar. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!


I need help locating a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
There are 5 results. What area would you like?
I don't care which area, as long as I can make a reservation.
I recommend [pizza express Fen Ditton], The restaurant's address is Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.
Please reserve a spot for me and two other friends (3 total) on Friday at [17:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1MYWH06H .
I'd also like a place to stay with free wifi in the west.
There are four places to pick from any other preferences?
How about a 4 star rating hotel?
Okay, I found two options for you: The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry. Do either of those interest you?
I would like it to be in the west.
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is a fine 4-star hotel in the west. How many rooms would you and your friends require and I'll make the reservation on your behalf.
Do they have free parking?
Yes they have free parking and free internet. Would you like a reservation?
No, thank you. I would just like the hotel's phone number.
their phone number is 01480446000.
Great, thanks. I'm also going to need to get a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for our reservation time.
I have you a taxi. A Yellow Ford. You can contact them at: 07153648167
Thank you very much today. That is all.
You're very welcome! Bye now!


I'm looking for a restaurant named [hakka]
The hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north area. Would you like to make a booking today?
Can I make a book a table for 7 people on thursday at [12:15]?
I apologize but I was not able to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area that is in the same price range?
[Saigon City] is also in the expensive price range and on the north side of town. They have [asian oriental] cuisine. Shall we try there?
Yes please for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday please. I will need the reference number too
I have booked a reservation at 12:15 for 7 people on Thursday. The reference number is KLOFPFUM . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our system!
Have a nice day, good bye.
If there is anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again. Good bye.


Please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[The Missing Sock] is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like their location?
Could I have their phone number please and type of cuisine they serve?
They serve [international] food and their phone number is 01223 812660.
That sounds good. Thank you for your help.
Thank you! Goodbye.


I've been injured and I need to find a hospital.
What kind of injury do you have? I can direct you to a specialty hospital, or would you like me to send you the closest one?
I am looking for a hospital with a [clinical research facility] department. I need the phone number and postcode.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a clinical research facility. The phone number for the hospital is 01223245151. The postcode is CB20QQ. The phone number for the clinical research facility is 01223596055.
Ok, I think that is all I need.
Thank you, good bye.


I'm looking for [vietnamese] food. I would like the restaurant name and address.
There is a Vietnamese restaurant called [Thanh Binh] at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm trying to find a nightclub in the centre of town.
We have 5 nightclubs located in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular nightclub or do you want a recommendation?
Could you give me a recommendation as well as the entrance fee?
ballare has a 5 pound entrance fee.
I need a train departing from london liverpool street.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I will need it on Friday and intend to arrive by [12:00].
Sure, I can help you with that. What day were you wanting to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.
The TR0637 will get you into Cambrdige by 11:07. Will that work for you?
may i have the train ID and price please ?
You already have the Train ID from previous conversations, but the price is 16.60 pounds.
Thanks. Thats all I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo Centere. I hope you use us again.


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called [j restaurant].
That is a great cheap restaurant located in the city centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please 2 people at [16:45] on tuesday
Your booking is confirmed, 2 people on Tuesday at 16:45 for J Restaurant. Reference is H9ZG8N17 . Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Goodbye.


Hello I am looking for a good, cheap, [Spanish] restaurant.Is there any that you can recommend?
[La raza] is a cheap restaurant that serves spanish food. Would you like their phone number?
Is that located in the centre?
It is indeed in the city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes. Friday. 2 people. [17:30].
I have made your reservation at [La Raza] for 17:30 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OS5VNH62 . Do you need anything else?
Ok, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by [17:30].
No problem. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from the restaurant.
alright, then what is your destination please
I guess I need to book the hotel first. Is there a guesthouse in the same area as La Raza?
There are two guesthouses in the centre. I recommend el shaddai
Do they have internet and what is the phone number?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has internet and the phone number is 01223525725.
Does the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] also have free parking?
Yes they have free parking and wifi.
Please go ahead and book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me.
I will book but I need to know how many people and for what day?
for 2 on friday
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is OSNXB1IR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What car will be picking me up?
A grey honda is booked. You can call 07936397340 to reach them.
Thanks for all the bookings. I'm ready for my visit now. Take care. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat, preferably a cheap South [Indian] restaurant.
Hi, [kohinoor] is a cheap Indian restaurant, but doesn't specify that it is South Indian. Would you like the phone number?
Is it in the centre of the city?
Yes, it is indeed in the centre. The phone number is 01223323639
Ok, thank you.
Would you like for me to book a table at Kohinoor for you?
Yes, please. [18:00] on Wednesday for just myself.
I'm sorry, they're all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
how about [17:00].
I was able to book that, your reference number is HEJFVRPP .
Great! I am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday and departs from cambridge.
What is your destination?
Destination is Stevenage. I would like to arrive by [21:45]. Can you book the train for me as well?
There are 8 trains that will arrive by 21:45. What time would you like to depart?
What's the last train to arrive by 21:45?
It would be the one leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10. Shall I book it?
Yes, that would be great. Could I get a reference number please?
How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5TM8STAM .
Thank you for the help, have a nice day.
It was a pleasure to serve you have a great day


Would you tell me the location of Addenbrookes Hospital please?
Addenbrookes Hospital Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is it. Thank you, good bye.
Have a good night!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should serve [swiss] food
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you interested in something different?
No, I am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve Swiss food.
How about [international] food?
[The missing sock] will meet your needs. Need to book a reservation?
No, I just need the postcode.
The post code is cb259aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you so much.
Thank you goodbye


I want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Road in Cambridge.
I need the address, postal code, and phone number
The phone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Do you requre furthuer assistance?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd in Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
Does the address not have a street number?
No, it does not.
Thank you for your assistance
You are quite welcome. Do you require any further assistance?
I don't. Thank you.
Okay, I hope everything is okay!


Hello, I'm trying to find a restaurant called [anatolia]. Do you have any info about it?
It's a Turkish place in the centre that's moderately expensive. What else would you like to know?
Can you book a table there for me?
Of course! Will you give me a day and time? And how many in your party?
It would be for Monday for 5 people at [18:15] if possible.
Unfortunately, they are fully booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
How about the same day at [17:15]. Is that available? I'll also need a train departing stevenage and should arrive by [10:15].
I was able to book at table at Anatolia. Monday at 17:15 for 5 people, reference number 62W1W1V0 . What destination would you like for the train from Stevenage?
Cambridge please.
TR8306 leaves for Cambridge Friday 05:54


I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.
I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.
I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.
Ok I will book it for you


I need a restaurant in the south that is moderately priced.
I see both an Italian and a Modern European restaurant in that area in your price range. Which would you prefer?
any will be fine with me. book a table for 8 at [15:15] on monday
You have a reservation at [Restaurant Alimentum]. Your reference number is JBVUMN45 .
I would like to find some entertainment in the same area as well.
Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I am looking for something entertaining please.
There are two entertainments: nusha and tenpin. Do you want more information about either one?
Can you please recommend one and give me their address and entrance fee?
[Tenpin] is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The entrance fee is unlisted.
Is there another one that tells you how much it is?
I'm sorry I can't find any price listings. Can I help you find something else?
I need an address for the cambridge leisure park.
The address for Tenpin is cambridge leisure park, clifton way in postcode cb17dy. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That will be all. Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!


I would like to find a 1 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?
There is no match for those criteria
Well could we look for a hotel in the moderate price range?
There are many in the moderate price range. What area of town would you like to be in? Guesthouse or hotel?
That does not matter but I want it to have 4 stars.
I would recommend the ayelsbray [lodge guest house], would you like me to book you?
Not yet. Could I get the address?
yes its 154 Chesterton Road , is there anything else ?
I also need to find somewhere to eat.
We a many great restaurants in town! Is there a particular type of cuisine you would like?
I really just want a place in the centre that is also moderate in price
Would you like to try an [Asian] restaurant?
Sure! Could you book it for 8 people at [12:15]?
What day would you like that booking for?
Sorry, I would like that for Thursday.
The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the [yippee noodle bar]. Reference number is : SYZP8RAY .
Thank you. That is all for now.
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, bye


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [Brazilian] food.
There are no restaurants matching your request.
Can you look for [asian oriental] food?
[Dojo Noodle Bar] is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for Dojo Noodle Bar is 01223 363471. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you good bye
Thank you for using this system and please call again. Goodbye.


I sure hope so. I've been injured and I need a hospital.
The closest hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Do they have a [children's oncology and haematology] department?
Yes, their number is 01223217231.
Can I please have the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks so much. I'm heading there now. Thanks again. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hello! Can you give me some info on a restaurant please?
Would love to! What kind of food do you like?
Actually I am specifically looking for the [Cocum] restaurant, I would like to book for 7 people at [15:00] on monday if possible.
I have a table reserved for you and 6 other guests at the Cocum restaurant on Monday at 15:00. The reference number is BPE8LVHA .
Thank you. I'd also like a guesthouse in the cheaper price range. Can you help me with that?
there are several in the area of the restaurant. would you like to book the closest one?
As long as it has free wifi
The [finches Bed and Breakfast] fits your needs. When would you like to stay?
Yes that's find are the in the moderate price range?
no it is cheap. will that do for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
The same group of people and same day for 3 nights.
I booked your restaurant table, and the reference number is CUL9VZ04 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a guesthouse in the cheap price range that includes free wifi.
I was able to book you a room for seven people for three nights, starting Monday, at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is CUL9VZ04 . Is there anything else?
Can you please confirm that the hotel you've booked for us offers free wi-fi? I need to be able to work while I'm there.
Yes it has free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today. You were a great help. Goodbye
Thank you very much.


Greetings! I'm looking for the [Worth House], I heard it's in Cambridge.
Yes it is in the North and is a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they have free wifi. Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, I would like to book the hotel now.
How many people will be staying? Also, when would you like to check in?
Sure, just me. Monday at 12:00 is fine.
How many nights will you be staying?
Just Monday night.
Sure, anything else I can do for you.
What area is the hotel in?
The Worth house is in the North.
What is the price range of that hotel?
Worth House is in the cheap price range. Would you like any more information?
Nope, that's all. Thanks. Bye!
Thank you. We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.


Find me a train from london kings cross to cambridge please
sure, what day are you traveling?
I'll be traveling on monday
Could I get the time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to travel on monday, and arrive by [12:45]
There is a train that arrives at 12:08. Would you like to travel on that train?
Yes, that would be fine.
TR5720 leaves london kings cross for cambridge at 11:17 cost is 23.60 pounds. Can I book a seat for you?
Yes for 8 people please. I will also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 096H57VB .
Thanks, i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [french] food.
[Cote] is a french restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you but I do need the phone number, price range and postcode.
It is in the expensive price range, phone number is 01223311053, and postcode is cb21uf
Thanks so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.
welcome and thanks for inquiring with us


i need a train that leaves norwich after [15:00]
I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge please.
I have 9 trains available. Do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
No arrival preference but it will need to leave after 15:00. Any one is fine. I'll need a booking for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RZKWMA85 . It leaves at 15:16. Thank you and have a good day.
I would also like more info in a place I would like to eat at.
Absolutely. What is the name of the restaurant you have in mind?
The restaurant I am looking for is [Dojo Noodle Bar].
I have found the Dojo Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people on sunday at [20:30]
I've gone ahead and booked, the reference number is 9P2XXWAS, can I help with anything else?
That's it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


I'd like to find out if there's a particular attraction in Cambridge called [kambar]
Yes, Kambar is a nightclub in the centre of town. Can I give you some information on it?
Yes please, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address?
Sure the address is 1 wheeler street,postcode is cb23qb and the phone number is 01223842725.
I am also looking for a really pricey Guesthouse.
I'm sorry, I don't know of any expensive guest houses. Can I look for something else for you?
Hmm. Do you have any guest houses in the east with free wifi?
Yes, there are a few of them. What price ranger would you like?
I'd like a cheap one if that's fine.
I recommend [allenbell]. It has 4 stars and is in your price range. May I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it to start on Tuesday and go for 5 nights. It will be 2 people.
I have made your reservation for the Allenbell for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is PYY0CNUX . Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No thanks. That takes care of all I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.


I was in a car dispute and I am looking for help
I can get you the number for Parkside Police Station, is that close to your location?
I believe so. What is the police address and phone number?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. The phone number is 01223358966
Thank you. That is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services. Do you require any further assistance?
No,thank you. Goodbye
Goodbye. I hope the police are able to help you resolve the situation. If you think of anything else we can help you with don't hesitate to ask.


I would like a restaurant that serves [world] food. It should be a really good restaurant, and it's OK if it's expensive.
There are no matching restaurants
How about [Italian] ? I would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive, I would like the address, phone number and area
Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you goodbye
enjoy your meal!


I need to book a taxi to leave after [17:45] to go to [Nandos].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from [royal spice].
Great. I booked a white volvo for you.
Thank you. Is there a contact number you can give me, just in case?
Their contact number is 07617391159.
Great, thanks for your help!
You're very welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate your time. Bye!
Have a wonderful day!


Can you help me find a moderately priced [chinese] food restaurant?
There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. [Golden Wok] comes highly recommended, would you like to book a table?
No, I'd just like the address and postcode please.
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton, postcode CB43HL.
I also need a moderately priced guesthouse.
What side of town would you like to stay in? Any specific rating?
It's more important to me that it has free parking.
OK, can I recommend [Archway House]? It is a 4 star moderate guesthouse located in the north part of town.
I need to book that for 3 people for 5 nights from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.
I have made your reservation for 5 days starting Tuesday for your party of 3. Your reference number is 9K38MMFD . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would also like a taxi to take me between the restaurant and the guesthouse.
At what time would you like the taxi to meet you at golden wok?
I would like to leave the hotel by [10:00] Once booked, can you give me the contact number and type of car to look out for?
You will be looking for a Grey Honda & the contact number is 07887630209. Thank you!
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I get the address to the [funky fun house]?
What sort of place if the funky House?
Funky fun house is an indoor amusement attraction. I've heard it is a lot of fun. Do you have a phone number for it?
We have to change it to attratction
I'm sorry, I was thinking of another town. The restaurant, hotel, and taxi are all that I need for today. Thank you for your help!
Enjoy your day!


Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [Venetian] food. I'd like to stay in the west part of town. Can you find me a phone number?
I apologize, there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
That's okay! How about [Indian] food? Could I have the address and phone number of an Indian food restaurant please.
[Cocum] is an Indian restaurant located at 71 Castle Street City Centre, and it's phone number is 01223 366668.
Is it in the west part of town?
Yes, it is in the west part of town.
Awesome, thank you! That's all I needed to know. Have a good evening.
You're quite welcome. Good bye.


Hi, I need something to do in the centre. Are there any multiple sports places?
There are not any in the centre, but I do have one in the east. Would that be ok?
No, I need to stay in the centre, can you look for museums?
We have 11 museums in the centre, and all are free to enter.
Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address to the one closest to the centre in the east?
The broughton house gallery fits your needs. The address is 98 king street. The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Can you also give me information on a restaurant called [Rice Boat]?
Rice Boat is an expensive [Indian] restaurant on the west side of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I need the address for that restaurant please.
The Rice boat is in 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Great. I appreciate your help! That should be all I need.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.


How many museums are in town?
We have 23 museums here.
Could you choose the best and give me their phone number?
The Cambridge Artworks is on the east side of town and their phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like it to be in?
I would like the centre.
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and what's your price range?
A hotel please. I don't care about price. I do want free parking and 0 stars.
I am sorry but I can find no matching hotels for your request. Would you like to try a guesthouse or a different star rating?
How about one that has a star of 4?
[university arms hotel] meets your requirements.
Ok that will work I need the phone number please.
Yes, their phone number is 01223351241.
Thanks a lot.
Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope. That is all I needed. Thanks!
Hope you have a wonderful stay here in Cambridge!


I need to book a taxi departing from [clown's cafe] that should arrive by [23:00].
And where do you need the taxi to take you?
I need to go to [the hotpot].
Okay. I have a yellow BMW available. Would you like to book that?
Yes, may I also have the contact number for they yellow BMW?
Sure. It is 07635951153. Can I help you with a hotel room perhaps?
No, you've already helped me with all I need at this time. Thank you!
Sounds good, let me know if you need anything else.
Nope I'm done.
All right, if there's anything else you can think of, please contact the front desk again. Thank you and have a great day.


I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.
Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at [12:15].
There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at [13:51]. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.
Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.
What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north please.
There are two guesthouses fulfilling your requirements. Do you prefer city centre north b and b with zero stars or worth house with 4 stars?
Um, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse. How about the moderate price range?
We have two hotels that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the [Ashley Hotel]. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I would, for 5 people please for 2 nights starting on Thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RF3EBI6I . Anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!
thank you for using this service good bye


Hello. I need to get to the airport from my hotel.
When do you want to leave?
I am looking for places to go in the East side of town. Do you have any suggestions?
There are ten different attractions on the east side of town, could I recommend the Funky Fun House entertainment attraction?
That's sounds great. Can I have the telephone number? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the expensive price range in the same area, any suggestions?
The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705. There are 5 expensive restaurants in the East. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I'd prefer a place that serves [Indian] food.
There are two restaurants like you want the Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori. Do you have a preference as to which one you would like to book?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can you give me the postcode for [Sitar Tandoori]?
The postal code for Sitar Tandoori is cb19hx.
I would like to book a taxi to take me from [Sitar Tandoori] to [Funky Fun House] at [21:30]. Can you provide a contact number and the car type?
A red lexus will pick you up from sitar tandoori at 21:30. Your contact number is 0735340742.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you! Have a nice day!


I am coming to cambridge and heard about a bed and breakfast called [finches].
It is a lovely guesthouse on the west end boasting cheap prices and a 4 star rating! Would you like their address or phone number perhaps?
I actually would like to book the hotel for 7 people starting on Tuesday for 3 nights.
I was able to book your party of 7 at Finches bed and breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 4R76GWVJ . Can I help you with anything more today?
Can you also help me find a train on Fridya?
Of course. There are many available Friday. Where will you be traveling to and from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to norwich.
Is there a time you would like to arrive before?
Yes, I would like to arrive before [5:00 PM].
Train TR7747 leaves at 15:36 and arrives in Norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book you tickets?
I apologize, I actually need to leave after [16:30]
No problem, but I'm afraid there are no trains leaving after 16:30 and arriving by 17:00. Might I suggest TR7047, which leaves Cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in Norwich by 17:55?
Yes, that sounds great. Please book that for me.
OK, the booking for successful. The total is 17.6 GBP and the reference number is MIMOPEN1 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, no that will be all.
Thank you for using our system today!


Find me a [turkish] restaurant in the centre please
Sure I have 3. Meze bar and restaurant, anatolia and efes restaurant. Meze is expensive but the other two are moderately priced.
I want something nice. So let's go with the Meze Bar. Can I get their address please?
Sure, the address is 196 Mill Road. Postcode is cb13nf.
Alright, do any trains leave london liverpool street after [14:45]?
yes, there are trains every two hours from liverpool street station. Do you have a day you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave on a Monday.
Are you traveling to Cambridge and do you want me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the train ID and travel time?
Well the train id for the 15:30 from Liverpool Street is TR9802.
That is all for now, thank you. Goodbye
Thanks for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?


Yes, please help me find a restaurant in the center of town.
There are 69 restaurants in the centre of town. You can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type.
It should be in the moderate price range.
I have 4 that serve british food and 1 that serves asian.
I would like to book the asian one for tuesday.
What time and for how many people would you like to book?
[19:00], for 6 people.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different location?
As long as its in the same area and price range that will be fine I also need the reference number too
I was able to get you a booking at [restaurant one seven]. It is british. Will that one be good?
Yes can, I please get the reference number?
Okay your reference number is 9RXQYEIO .
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a moderite price range.
There are 21 moderate priced restaurants in the center, anything else like type of restaurant so we can narrow this down?
No, not really. Can you recommend a favorite? I will need a reservation.
Yippee Noodle Bar, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar and La Tasca are all interesting options - any of these sound good?
I would like the [Cow Pizza Kitchen] for 4 people at [13:15] on Saturday. I need a cheap hotel in center too.
Okay. I would recommend [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. It's a 4 star hotel that is cheap. Does that sound good?
Yes, please book me for four people on saturday for one night.
Ok. I was able to book a room for you. The reference number is QOYMYRLQ . Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.


Hi, I'm searching for a place called [Magdalene College].
I'm familiar with that school. Great college located on Magdalene Street. What would you like to know?
Yes can you please get me the info?
It's a college located on the west side of town. Admission is free and you can contact them at 01223332138. Also, the postcode is cb30ag. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need to find a train that will leave after [13:00] and arrive Cambridge.
How about TR4748 that leaves at 13:17?
does it leave on monday?
That specific train does not, but we have another one leaving at 13:17 on Monday departing from london kings cross. Is this one you would be interested in booking?
No. I am leaving from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. I am NOT departing from London Kings.
Ok I changed it,Would you like me to book it for you ?


Hello, I'm looking for some information about places to stay in Cambridge. I would like to know the most inexpensive price range located to the north.
There are 2 guesthouses in the area I recommend worth house, would you like me to book that?
Does that have free wifi?
Yes, both options have free wifi. [Worth House] has four stars and is really quite nice. Would that work for you?
That sounds like a great choice.
What day would you like to reserve? How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying in the reserved room?
I would like the phone number, postcode, and star of the hotel
Worth House has a 4-star rating and their postcode is cb41da. They can be reached by phone at 01223316074. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me information on the restaurant the [Rice Boat]?
The rice boat serves indian food and is expensive in the west area. The phone number is 01223302800.
I would like to book a table for four at [11:15] on Sunday. Can you help me with that?
Sure thing! You have the table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OGZ024O7 .
Thank you! That's all I need.
Okay great. Glad I could help.
Have a great day!
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star place in the east area.
Sure we have 6 places, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I'd like a place that includes free wifi and it should be a hotel.
I'm afraid all of our 4-star accommodations in the east are guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
No, it would not. What do you have in the west area?
In the west I have two 4-star hotels - the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott.
Hmm, I think we are getting confused on what I need. I really need to find a hotel with 4 stars in the east. Or a guesthouse will do also.
I think [allenbell] would suit you well. Would you like more information?
Could I get the postcode, phone number and whether they have free parking?
The Allenbell's postcode is cb13js. Their phone number is 01223210353 and yes they do have free parking. Would you like to book this one?
Thanks. I also need an attraction to visit in the college category. Any suggestions?
there are no colleges in the east, can i look somewhere else?
Yes I would like to go to a college regardless of the area.
I'm sorry, we do not have any college listings.
Okay, what about Museums in the east?
There are 4 museums in the east. Any preferences?
Please check again for a college in any area.
A majority of our colleges are in the centre, but not all of them have free admission, are you looking for one with no entrance fee?
The centre is fine and free would be great!
There's [Christ's College] on Saint Andrew's Street. It's in the centre and free. Are you interested?
Yes. Can I get the postcode?
Gonville and Caius college is quite interesting. Their post code is cb21ta. Their address is trinity street.
Thanks, I will need a taxi from the guesthouse to the attraction. I'd like to leave the guesthouse by [24:30].
Alright, got you a grey Toyota taxi to pick you up from the Allenbell at 24:30. Contact number is 07330473463. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you very much.
Okay great, have a good night!


I want to eat [gastropub] food.
Do you prefer an expensive or a moderate priced restaurant?
I'd prefer moderately priced please.
I have one available. It's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located in the center of town. Can I offer to book you a table?
No, thank you. Can I have the postcode?
Their postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. That's all I need to today. Goodbye!
Have a nice day. Bye.


There's a place I've heard of that I'm looking for more details. [Warkworth House]. Do you know of it?
The Warkworth House is a 4-star guesthouse in the east that is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SNGZ3N0D .
Thank you for your help!
You are more than welcome!


Hi, I'll be visiting Cambridge soon, and I need a train from Stansted airport. It should arrive by [17:45]. Can you help?
What day and time time will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to arrive by 17:45.
Great, there's a train departing at 16:24 and arriving at 16:52. Will this work?
Yes, that would be perfect! What's the price of one ticket?
It is 8.08 pounds
Thank you! Can you also look up [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] for me?
Sure thing it is in the east of town, what information would you like to know about it?
i need to know how how much the entrance fee is and the postcode if you may please?
The post code is cb18dw but I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
Ok, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that will be all.
Thank you and goodbye


I'd like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Do you have any particular food type in mind ?
[Mexican]
[chiquito restaurant bar] is an expensive mexican restaurant in the south area.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The postcode is C B 1 7 D Y and the phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you! That is all I needed to know. Good night.
Goodbye.


I'd like to find a good restaurant in the center.
We have many options available in Centre. Is there a specific price range or cuisine type you are interested in?
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range. I think [asian oriental] sounds good.
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] matches your request perfectly. They are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I'm not sure right now. May I please have the postcode?
The postcode is cb11lh.
Thank you! I am also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant. Can you help with that too?
Yes I have two guesthouses located in the city center in the cheap price range. do you have a preference?
I need it to have free parking and internet.
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] and The El Shaddai both offer internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation with either guesthouse?
Yes, either one is fine.
How many days and for how many people?
I'm sorry, no booking please, just need their postcode and phone number.
Sure! Alexander Bed and Breakfast's number is 01223525725 and the postcode is CB12DE.
Also, what is the price range of the hotel?
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is in the cheap price range.
OK, I also want to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant.
Of course, at what time would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by [5:15]
Ok, a yellow audi is booked.
Thank you. Would you also give me the contact number for the taxi?
Contact number for the taxi is 07491658422. Will there be anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.
Have a nice day.


Hi, can you tell me the details of local hospitals? I'm looking for a hospital that has the [Cambridge eye unit] department.
The phone number is 01223257168.
Thank you! Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for swimmingpool located in the east,any suggestions?
Yes, the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side. They're located on Pool Way and Whitehill Road off of NewMarket. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee?
The postcode is cb58nt. I am not sure of the entrance fee.
Is the fee not listed? I also will need to find a hotel, and I will need free parking please.
The entrance fee is not listed I am afraid for the pool. For hotels, I have Autumn House and Leverton House for hotels, 4 stars and free parking.
Is one of them located in the east. I would really like to be closer to swimming pool.
The [Autumn House] appears to be closer, the address is 710 Newmarket Road. Does that work?
yeah, can i get the price range and the postcode
For a price range I have 'cheap'!
I think that will be all, bye.
Let me know if you need anything else.


Can you help me find a particular hotel?
Of course. Do you know the name of the hotel?
We should be able to help you locate a hotel that will fit your needs.
Thats good,but can I get the name of the particular hotel you are looking for,please?
No.Just look up any 3 star hotel,please.
There are 33 hotels that are 3 star. Is there a particular part of the city?
Any will do as long as it's in the same price points. I need a reference number too please.
What is the price range you are looking to book in ?
what ever [finches] is listed at. I need the reference number after its booked please
Alright, How many people are staying, how many days do you want to stay, and what day to you want your stay to start?
I need it for 4 nights staring from Thursday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Sure I was able to book you into [the Cambridge Belfry] and your reference number is 4MYONDFW .
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [chinese] food restaurant in the centre.
There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre area, do you have a preference for price range?
No, I don't care. Can you recommend your favorite?
I like the [Lan Hong House]. It's moderately prices, but good. Should I book a reservation?
Yes please check to see if there is booking for 2 people at [12:30] on sunday.
I'm sorry there are no available bookings for that time. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
You should try lan hong house , it is a nice place.Would you like the address ?


Can you help me find a restaurant that serves [sri lankan] food that is moderately priced?
I'm sorry, but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I really thought there were some there.
Yes, I have doubled checked and there are no sri lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about one that serves [British] food?
There are 4 British restaurants in the centre area of town and one in the west. Which area would you prefer?
Could you recommend one? I will be needing a table for 1 at [14:30] on Thursday.
What price range would you like?
moderate price, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3NX7QMU8 .
I also need to find a college in the town centre to visit. If you can provide me with the name and post code, that would be great.
Sorry, I forgot to say that your booking is at [Restaurant One Seven]. Emmanuel College is in post code cb23ap. Would you like to hear about some of the others, too?
Yes, please let me know about some of the others.
There's Christ College postcode cb23bu, Corpus Christi postcode cb21rh, and downing college at postcode cb21dq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything. Thank you.
Have a great day and trip! Good bye.


Can you find me a place in the centre of town?
We have lots of attractions! Something more specific you are looking for?
What do you recommend? I will need the address.
How about all saints church? The address is jesus lane.
Perfect. I also need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by [17:30].
There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by day, destination, or departure time?
Yes, Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.
I have a train that arrives at 17:27. Could I book that for you?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 2 people. Will you send me the reference number?
I successful booked your train the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : VJVYH5LC . May I further assist you.


I am looking for a hotel in the north part of Cambridge. Preferably a 4 star or greater. Can you recommend one?
There are 8 hotels that meet that criteria. Would the Acorn Guest House work for you? It has free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Actually, I'm looking for a college to the west. Can I get their phone number and address?
Any particular college you are looking for?
No particular college, but it must be in the western part of town.
How about [Churchill College]?
Can I get their address and phone number?
They are located on Storey's Way. Thier phone number is 01223336233. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north with free parking.
There are several. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
It doesn't matter. Just use your best judgement.
acorn guest house would be nice for you


i need a place to go which is in the south and should be in type of a park
You can visit [Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway] or Wandlebury County Park. Both are free to visit. Which would you prefer?
How about sheep's green and get me the address please.
sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is located at fen causeway, newnham road
I also need a place to stay. I think I'd like a guesthouse with free wifi.
I'd love to help you with this. There are 23 guest houses in the area. Can you give me any more information about where you want to stay?
The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.
What are would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter to me.
How about [hobsons house]? It's moderately priced and has 3 stars.
Is there free parking?
Yes there is. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, thanks. I'm just looking for the address, postcode.
Sure, it is at 96 Barton Road, postcode cb39lh. Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful stay.


I need a train from kings lynn, please.
What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by [15:15].
I found 10 trains that match. How about TR2788 that leaves at 05:11?
that sounds fine. book for 8 people and get me the reference number
I booked the train. Your reference is 8FYR7N4L and it was 78.4 total.
Great! Can you also recommend something interesting to do while I am in town?
Little saint mary's church has some great architecture you could check out
Is that in the Centre? If so, could I get the postcode, and how much the entrance fee is?
Sure thing! their postcode is cb58bs and there is no entrance fees to get in
Great, that's all I needed!
Wonderful! Have a great day!


Good Morning, I am planning a trip to Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse to stay in while you visit?
Actually, I am looking for the [cambridge arts theatre]. What area is that in?
The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a great theatre in the center of town.
Great! Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking and wifi?
I have 29 results for places to stay with free wifi and parking, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a location preference, just so long as its a 4 star place.
I would recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It is a 4-star facility.
Can you please book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Friday? Also, I will need the reference number for that.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1FNJFLCY .
Thank a lot for your help. That is all.
You are welcome, glad to be of assistance. Have a great day. Bye.


I want to find some good places to go in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. What kind of attraction do you want to visit?
It doesn't really matter. What's your recommendation?
Holy Trinity Church is popular for its architecture. Christ's College finds people touring the campus. Or, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum. Any of those interest you?
[Cambridge Contemporary Art], what's their post code?
The post code is CB21SU. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for your help!
My pleasure! Have a good day!


Can you assist me with the address and Phone number of [ask] restaurant in Cambridge. I need to try it when I Cambridge, its a local restaurant.
I would be happy to help. Ask is located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223364917. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people at [15:30] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1YGHGSPT .
Thank you! Can you also provide me with information on a hotel called the [Lovell Lodge]?
Lovell lodge is 2 star hotel in the moderate price range, located in the North. It has free parking and wifi.
That will work. Can you give me the address?
The address is 365 milton road. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.
There are several taxi's,what will your destination be ?


I am craving [Turkish] food in the centre. Is there a restaurant available?
I have pulled up 3. How about [anatolia], they are moderately priced.
Sounds great. Can I get their location and phone number?
Sure thing! It is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372
Can you make a reservation for 6 people at [12:15] on wednesday?
I am so sorry nothing available for any of the turkish restaurants for that day & time slot. Something else perhaps?
Can you try booking it for [11:15]?
I was able to fulfill your request. You are booked at Anatolia on Wednesday at 11:15. The reservation is for 6 people. How else may I help you?
Can I have the reference number please?
The reference number is G7THDK3O . Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, please. I need a train to Leicester on Thursday, please. I need to get there by [16:15].
If you are leaving from cambridge I can book you on TR1755 leaving at 09:21 and arriving at 11:06. Will this work for you?
That works for me. Go ahead and book it.
Done - your reference number is GJ3062PE . The total fee is 37.79 GPB which you can pay at the station.
Thank you. You've been very helpful.
Will there be anything else you need?
Can I get the travel time in minutes please?
Yes, it's 105 minutes total. Would you like anything else?
I think that is all for now! Thanks again. Have a great day!
You're welcome. You have a great day as well!


Can you help me find a restaurant i am looking for? Its name is the [Rice Boat].
That's an excellent choice! When will you be dining?
First, could you tell me what type of food is served?
The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine.
Thankyou. Can you help me find a attraction called [the place]?
The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. The address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me how much the entrance fee is please?
I'm sorry I do not have an entrance fee listed. Perhaps you could call them to check.
Okay and what was the postcode for The Place? I also need a taxi ride from the rice boat to the place.
The postcode for The Place is CB23HG.
Thanks. Can you arrange a taxi from The [Rice Boat] to [The Place]? I'll need to leave by [23:30]. Please provide the contact number and car type for the taxi please.
Certainly. I've booked you a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07181629943.
That's all I need, thank you.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today. Please let us know if you need further assistance in the future.


I need a train from Cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday.
Those trains leave every hour beginning at 5:40 am. Do you have a particular arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by [08:00].
Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please. Can you also please confirm the train ID, price, and departure time for me. Thank you!
Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08, price is 10.10 pounds
Awesome. Could you also suggest a museum for me to visit? I'm thinking in the east?
I recommend the Cambridge Artworks. The admission is free. Can I be of further assistance?
Can I get the address and and postal code for the [Cambridge Artworks] please?
Sure, the address is 5 greens road and the postcode is cb13ef.
Great, thank you. I don't need anything else. Bye!
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of [city centre north b and b]. Could you provide me with some additional information about this place?
Did you by chance mean the A and B guesthouse?
Hm. That isn't it. I think it is called city centre north. Can you search again please?
I found it. It is a cheap guesthouse in the north. The phone number is 01223312843.
Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address?
01223312843 is the phone number cb43ht is the postcode and 328a histon road is the address.
Thanks I'm also looking for a fun attraction to go in the centre. Can you make a recommendation?
I enjoy museums. We have old schools. Would you like more information on that one?
Yes, how much does it cost to get in?
I'm sorry for the confusion, what attraction are you interested in the entrance fee for?
I'm looking for a fine arts museum in the centre.
We have 11 different museums in the centre, if you're not looking for a particular one, might I recommend the Primavera?
Okay. Can you tell the entrance fee?
Good news! It is Free.
Nice! Okay, that should be all I need. Thanks for your help and goodbye!
Great! have a wonderful trip!


I want general information on entertainment type places to go in the south.
[Nusha] and [tenpin] are two entertainment places in the south. Are you interested in more information on one of them?
Yes, please give me the postcode and phone number to both places. Thank you!
Nusha's phone number is 01223902158, and postcode is cb17dy. Tenpen's phone number is 08715501010, and postcode is cb17dy.
thank you thats alll that I need
Is there any other info you need?
No, I am all set.
Have a great time.
I think we're all done here. Thank you!
Your welcome. Have a great day.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
What type of food would you like? British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
It doesn't matter.
[Yu Garden] is a Chinese restaurant located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
Yes, and could you also give me their phone number?
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
I have many options for you. Is there a certain area of town you're interested in?
No, that doesn't matter, but I need a hotel with free parking.
Sure, there are 14 choices that meet your needs. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter. I would like for the hotel to have free wifi
Alright how does the [Archway House] sound?
Can they accommodate a party of 8 for 2 nights, beginning Saturday?
Yes they can! Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3O4M8ZSU . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I will need to take a train to london kings cross on friday.
Where are you departing from and when?
I'm departing from Cambridge, preferably after [20:45]
There are two trains that fit your criteria. One leaves at 21:00 and the other at 23:00. Which of these would you like me to book for you?
i prefer the 21:00 please help me get the train ID and price
The train ID is TR3055 and each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for a place in town in the centre.
Sure. What kind of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for an entertainment place.
What side of town would you like to be on?
centre and should be in the type of entertainment closeby as well
Sure, there are plenty of options. Were you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Entertainment venues please. If they are not available then architecture venues.
There are several architecture places to visit, [Holy Trinity Church] is located on Market Street and has free entrance. Would you like info on any others?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their post code and phone number?
holy trinity church and the post code is cb23nz and the phone number is 01223355397.
Thank you for all your help. You have answered all my questions today. Goodbye.
Good night, have a nice evening.


I want to visit the centre while I am here, what are some of the attractions available to me?
Our city centre is full of wonderful attractions! Is there a specific type you're interested in visiting?
I don't care.
We have 79 different attractions to choose from. Would you like to visit a museum?
Yes a museum sounds good,adress and phone number please
okay, there are 11 museums in the centre. I recommend [Castle Galleries].
I also need a place to eat. It can be expensive and I would like the restaurant to serve [Asian oriental] food.
Sure, there's [Saigon City] in the north, how does that sound?
Yes, could you book that. Saturday, 3 people, [13:30].
You're all set. Your reference is VDXACZR1 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi to commute between the two place?
Booking completed! The car is a black honda and the contact number is 07396246163.
Thanks a lot. That does it for me. Goodbye.
Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
There are 6 hotels listed at 3 star. There are 2 in the north, 1 south, 1 west and 1 centre. Would you like more information?
I don't care where the hotel is located, but I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.
I have 4 options for you. Do you need free wifi and parking? I have 3 that offer these and 1 that does not.
Yes please. Can you recommend me of them?
The [hamilton lodge] is nice and in the north area. Would you like a booking today?
No, thank you. Can I just get the address, please?
The hamilton lodge is located 156 chesterton road. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
That's all I need today - I appreciate your help!
Of course. Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with.


Hi, could you help me find out more information about [Panahar] restaurant in your area?
Absolutely! Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes, I'd like a booking for Wednesday at [16:00] for 2 people.
9725NVQD is your reference number, is there any thing else that I can do for you?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help.
That was quick, are you sure you do not need any other assistance?
I need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with free wifi.
I found 3 hotels in the Centre with free Wifi. Price range from moderate to expensive and from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
i would like something expensive
It seems there are two options that meet your criteria. The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and the University Arms hotel has 4.
The [Gonville] is fine, I need it's postcode and phone number, thanks!
Their postcode is cb11ly and phone number is 01223366611. Is there anything else you need to know?
Nothing else about the hotel, but I will need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. Could you arrange this?
I sure can. At what time would you like to leave Gonville Hotel?
I'd just like to make sure I make it to the restaurant in time for my reservation, please.
I need a travel time please.
I need to get from the Gonville hotel to the Panahar restaurant by my reservation at [16:00].
I've booked your taxi. It will be a black volkswagen, contact number : 07720277206. Can I help with anything else?
All set. Thank you.
thanks for using our services. have a good day


Please, if you can, find me a restaurant in the centre that serves [Indian] food
There are 9 restaurants in the city centre that serve Indian food. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, it's for a special occasion, so something expensive would be preferred.
That narrows the selection to six. Would you like me to suggest one?
I need to book a table for 6 on Tuesday at [12:45]. Can any of them do that?
There are six different restaurants in the area that can reserve you the table that you require. Your choices are Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen. Which would you prefer?
Can you please recommend one and book it for my party?
I would recommend [curry garden]. I just need to verify the time needed is 12:45 on Tuesday?
Yes, that is correct, 12:45 Tuesday for 6.
Great. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is WA0R6QZN .
Thanks, can you help me find a train to get there as well?
I will need to know your departure and destination before reserving.
We will need to depart from Ely and will need to arrive in Cambridge by [08:15]. How long will it take to arrive and what will be the departure time?
TR6971 Departs at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. The duration of the ride is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you thats all I need
Thanks for using our service, and goodbye!


Please help me locate an expensive restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.
Great, I have 33 options for you. Any particular cuisine you'd like?
I would like [european] food.
I have 3 options for you: Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe, and Darrys Corkhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like the phone numbers for any of these?
Can you book [Darrys Corkhouse] for 7 people on Sunday at [16:30]?
I have reserved you a table and the reference number is 10HHSLXW . Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need help finding a train going to Ely.
When would you like to leave or arrive and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave after [15:30].
I have a number of trains to choose from. What day would you like to book your travel on?
I need the train for Monday.
What time would you like to leave and arrive?
No preference for when I arrive but I'd like to leave after 15:30.
Ok I will book it for you


Yes I am looking for information on a hotel called [City Center North B and B].
I cannot find that hotel. Any other hotels you would like to find?
Could you check the spelling(city centre north b and b) and try to search again?
It is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located at 328a histon road on the north side. It has free internet and parking. Phone number and postcode are 01223312843 and cb43ht.
Thank you. Are you able to book that for me?
Sure! give me the following information: Day of visit, number of people and number of days that you will be staying.
Please book for 2 people starting on thursday for 4 nights.
You're all set. Your reference number is HOSVDEGA . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train into Cambridge from London Kings Cross.
there are many trains but you need to tell us which day you want to travel
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Do you have a time preference?
I need to arrive by [14:15].
The first train leaves at 5:17.
Well that will not work.
The TR2512 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Not at this time. What is the travel time for that train, please?
The TR2512 takes 51 minutes. Anything else you need?
no that will be all thanks
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


need a hotel with free wifi please
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a place with a 4 star rating.
There are 21 4 star hotels with free wifi, would you like me to narrow that down with any other details?
Could you just pick one and book it for 6 people for 2 nights from Friday?
Did you want it to be in a specific area of town?
the area doesn't matter, could you recommend a place?
[Huntington Marriott Hotel], 2 nights for 6 people beginning Friday. Your reference number is WQ7SC2AD . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll need a train to Cambridge that same day, please. I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford after [12:45].
The TR4076 leaves at 13:29, and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book it?
Can you just give me the price on it please?
The price for this train ticket is 10.10 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!
Alright. Have a great day.


I'm looking for some places to go in town. Can you help me find a swimmingpool in the west.
Sorry, I didn't pull up any results. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
No. Instead of swimming I think I will go to college. Any of those around here?
i have found five. would you like info for the 3 free or the 2 that cost 2.50 pounds?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one for me?
The magdalene college is nice. It is free to enter. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please get [Magdalene College's] phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train going to peterborough.
From what location?
Cambridge will be the departure place. I'd like to leave after [10:45] on Sunday. I'll need the travel time, arrival time, and Train ID please.
Ok I will book it for you


I am looking for a swimmoingpool in the east. Can you tell me what is available and if they have an entrance fee, please?
The only one is the Abbey Pool & Astroturf Pitch. Unfortunately, I do not have information on the entrance fee. I can give you their number if you like.
That's okay. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Are there any places to book rooms that have both free wifi and free parking, or is it more of a one or the other thing?
There are many hotels that offer both. Which area of town are you interested in and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive hotel and have no preference about location.
I found 5 expensive hotels with free internet and parking. [Huntington Marriott hotel] is in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, can you book that for 6 people staying 3 nights starting Wednesday? I will need the reference number as well please.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 8E863IRU . Can I help you with something else?
No, that should be all. I appreciate your help!
Happy to help! Enjoy your stay!


Am looking for the nearest police station
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Thanks. What is the postcode?
The postal code is CB11JG. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you for you help, that is all I need today.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a [Mediterranean] restaurant near the centre of town.
I've got three that fit that bill... the gardenia, la mimosa, and shiraz. Do you have a preference?
Is one of them in the cheap price range?
Yes, [The Gardenia].
Great, could I book a table of 5 for [11:30] on wednesday? If so, please provide me with a reference number.
Yeah. The reference number is CVWAKCN2
Thank you! Is there any entertainment in the same area as the restaurant?
I am sorry. There does not seem to be any matching your choices. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
Yes. Can you please search for an attraction in the type of college?
Is an entrance fee okay? If so, the corpus christi college located at king's parade. Fee is 2 pounds. Would you like the phone number?
I don't mind an entrance fee. Could you actually give me the postcode for that college?
[Corpus christi] is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh. Would you like any further information?
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant.
I'd be happy to find you a taxi, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave corpus christi.
I would like to leave Corpus Christi College in enough time to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time of [11:30].
I have booked you a taxi that will get you to the restaurant by 11:30. Their phone number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the car's contact number and type?
Your taxi is a Black Audi and their contact number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything, thank you!
Great! I'm glad I could be of assistance to you. Thank you for using our service.


I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.
I found a few different options, ranging from cheap to moderate. What is your price range?
Expensive. Thank you.
I do not have an expensive guesthouse in the South. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Yes, try the north please.
I would suggest avalon. Do you need me to book this?
actually, i still want a place in the south. maybe try a moderate price range.
[Bridge guest house] is a nice place would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have free parking?
they have free parking. Shall i book it ?
I'm not quite ready to make a reservation, but can you tell me their postcode and phone number so I can ring them later if I change my mind?
Sure, you can call 01223247942 to reach them and they are found in postcode cb28rj
Great! I am looking for a place to swim, could you find one?
I have a few but there's one located in the centre area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode, entrance fee, and address?
[Parkside pools] is located in the centre, postcode cb11ly. The address is gonville place. There is no entrance fee information listed. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to pick me up from the swimming pool and hotel.
I will need a time to be picked up or a time you want to leave before I can book a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel at [11:30].
A black Toyota will pick you up at 11:30. Contact number is 07156228714. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thank you, that will be all! have a good day!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


i am planning your trip in Cambridge
Are you planning a trip to Cambridge? If so, what type of information are you looking for today?
I want to know if the [Worth House] is still renting rooms.
Yes they are. Would you like to book a room?
yes book for 2 people and 3 nights from thursday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WX6QA7D0 .
Thanks. I also need to find a train to london liverpool street.
Where are you departing from, and what day? Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Since this is the cambridge help desk, I assumed that, I really need the date and time to get you booked.
Sure, you really should be more pleasant. I need to get to London Liverpool Street on Wednesday by [20:45] please.
The TR1047 leaves Cambridge for London Liverpool Street Wednesday arriving at 07:27. The price is 16.60 lbs. Can I book it for you?
Yes make the booking or me for 2 and provide the reference number.
Ok, I was able to make your reservation. Your total fee is 33.2 GBP. Your Reference number is : POE0NTR1 .
Thank you very much. That is all the information I need.
Okay great! Have a great trip!


Hopefully you can help me with my planning. I am looking for a place to stay and have no idea what to choose.
Do you have any special requests?
it should be a three star and internet is not a must
I found a guesthouse in the north area that's 3 stars at 63 milton road. Would you like to book a room here?
I was hoping to book a hotel if one is available.
When would you like to make a booking for?
Actually, I'm going to hold off on booking for now, but can I get the postcode?
post code is cb41xa, anything else today?
I also need a train leaving Cambridge after [18:15]
What is your destination?
I'm going to Broxbourne on Sunday.
What time could you like to arrive by?
[7:00 am] Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Just to clarify, at first you said leaving after 18:15, but that said arriving before 7, before I book, can we confirm the time once more?
Can leave anytime after 18:15.
Great TR 8991leaves at 19:01 and is a one hour trip, does that work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is?
The arrival time is 20:21.
thank you that will be all.
Enjoy your trip.


i am visiting cambridge and want to go to a theater in the east side.
I'm sorry, there aren't any theatres on the east side, but there are several in the centre and one on the south side.
Maybe a museum then?
We have four options, but i recommend the [gallery at twelve a high street], would you like more information?
Yes, can I get the postcode?
Certainly. They are in postcode cb15dh. Can I assist you with something else?
Thanks. Can you help me find a restaurant called [pizza hut city centre]? I want to book it for 2 people this wednesday at [18:00]. And I'll need a reference number
Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 3BOBENIO .
Great, thank you that was all I needed today!
Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre assist with your trip! Have a great one.


I want to visit an architecture attraction in the south of town.
I don't show anything in the south. can i look in another area for you? I'm sure we can find some great architecture elsewhere.
Is there any with the type of entertainment here?
Yes. You could go to Nusha or Tenpin.
[Tenpin] sounds fun. What's their postcode, please?
It's cb17dy. They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you find me a cheap place to stay with free wifi?
In what area would you like to stay?
What area would you recommend?
There is [Rosa's] Bed and breakfast in the south part of town, not too far from Tenpin. Would you like me to check if they are available?
Does it have free parking, I really don't need free parking, and I worry about security at the places that do have free parking.
Yes, rosa's does have free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure yet, what is the postal code there?
Its postal code is cb22ha.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by [03:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue tesla Contact number : 07944936323 is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's all I need. You've been very helpful, thank you!
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!


Hi. Can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the West side of town?
What type of food would you like?
I would like [Indian] food.
I have nothing matching your request. Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine?
Any type of food, just cheap in the west part of town.
What about La Margherita? They serve Italian.
Is there anything else?
[Thanh binh] is located in the west part of town and is in the cheap price range. Would you like their information?
Yes, please give me their address and phone number.
thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and its phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's it.
thank you and good bye


Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?
What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.
I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by [16:30].
I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?
It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.
Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?


I don't care about the price range. Just recommend me a restaurant that serves [European] food. I would also like to get the phone number and directions.
What area of town would you like?
I don't care about the area. Anywhere.
the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye
Have a great day and enjoy your food.


I'm looking for a good place to go with multiple sports in the center of time.
There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east though. Anything else I can help you with?
Then can you tell me a good museum.
The [Broughton House Gallery] is in the centre, and it has no entrance fee.
May I have the telephone number please?
Yes their telephone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive restaurant in the same area.
The [Golden Curry] is an excellent Indian restaurant and it is located only a few blocks from the museum.
Great Can I make a reservation for [13:45] for 5 people on Thursday? Also may I have the reference number?
Great it's all booked, reference number is PVFA3YZ9
Awesome. I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations.
Okay, where would you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from The [Broughton House Gallery].
Okay, at what time will you be leaving Broughton House Gallery?
I'm not sure which exact time will be best, but I definitely want to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation.
I booked you a taxi. The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07895191849.
great thanks thats all i needed!
I am happy that I was able to help. Have a great day.


I need lodgings on the north side of town.
I found 13 hotels on the north side of town
Okay, I'm looking for a 4 star place, and it doesn't need to include internet.
Is a guesthouse okay? There are 8 to choose from that have four stars. They all have internet, though, are you interested in booking one of these?
Yes, which one would you recommend?
Personally, I hear good things about the [Acorn Guest House].
What's the phone number there?
The phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have their hotel type and price range please?
Certainly. The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north end of town. Would you like to reserve a room there?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, Acorn guest house has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.
You're so welcome. Bye!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Thai] food.
Would you prefer the centre or west part of town?
i don't care
Bangkok City is in the centre area and is serving thai food, is there anything I can help you with?
Are there any others?
There's also Sala Thong in the west part of town. They're located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178.
Perfect. Thank you very much!
I hope you enjoy your Thai food. Goodbye.


i am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west.
There are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
I would like to eat [european] food please.
There is one option. It's cambridge lodge restaurant. Do you want to book a table?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can you just give me the phone number, postcode, and address?
Sure, the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Postcode cb30dq.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed for now.
You are welcome. Have a nice day!


I am looking to stay at a guesthouse that has a 3 star rating.
There are four three star guest houses. Is there an area of town that interests you the most?
I would like it to be in the west. It doesn't matter if it has free parking or not. Thank you!
There is the [hobsons house]. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Let's book it.
ok for how long and how many people please
For 3 days and 2 people,I need a confirmation number too
and what day do you need the reservation for?
I need it for Sunday.
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is EV4ADBI9 .
I want a train that goes to peterborough and leaves after [13:00]
The next train is the TR0545 leaving cambridge at 13:06. Would you like me to book it or more information?
Does it leave on Monday?
Train TR3154 leaves cambridge at 13:06 and will arrive at peterborough at 13:56 on Monday. Would you like me to book a ticket?


I would like a cheap restaurant which serves [italian] food
[Da vinci pizzeria] serves cheap italian food. Would you like their address or phone number?
What is their address and what part of town are they in?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is in the north part of town. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?
They serve italian food.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Good bye. Please call again if you have further questions.
thank you, goodbye!
Good bye.


I need a taxi to go to [a and b guest house] and arrive by [03:45].
Okay, I will just need your departure site first please
I am leaving from [all saints church].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white ford Contact number : 0701197295


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving [italian] food.
There are 9 available. What price range do you prefer?
II'd like a moderately priced place.
There are two in that price range. I suggest Pizza Express!
That sounds good enough. What's the address there?
The address is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No, I just needed to know where it was. Thank you.
Awesome. Take care!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [indian] food.
There are 4 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match all of your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine, area, or price range?
How about a [chinese] restaurant in the centre?
Ok, I have 3 restaurants that meet your requests, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, I need a table for 5 people on Tuesday at [12:30]. Could I have the reference number as well for that?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is Q9MQW1Q4 .
I would also like a train on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge
I can help you with that! What is your destination, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go broxbourne and I'd like to arrive by [15:30].
I have TR5164 departing at 14:01 and arriving in Broxbourne at 15:01, the cost is 17.90 pounds. Would this work for you?
What is the travel time?
The travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes that would be great.
How many tickets would you like?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on that ticket, I don't need it booked but thanks. That's all I need today.
It was a pleasure working with you today. Contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a great day.


Hi, I am looking for a cheap [Italian] restaurant please.
I have some in the north, center and west side. Do you have a preference in area?
No, no preference. Please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at [17:45] on Monday.
I'm sorry but none of the Italian restaurants have reservations available at that time. Do you want me to check for a different time?
Yes, I'll try for a little earlier, how about [16:45]?
Booked at [la margherita]! Your reference number is NG7AU0Y2 . Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Are there any trains leaving Sunday that arrive by [11:30]?
There are many trains to choose from, where are you looking to depart from?
Kings Lynn, to Cambridge.
There are two are available TR6003 leaving at 05:11 and arriving at 05:58 and TR0412 leaving at 06:11 and arriving at 06:58. Would you like me to book either one?
No thank you, I have all the information I need on that. Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I am looking for information on the [regency gallery].
The regency gallery is a museum in the centre. It is located at 39 fitzroy street. Admission is free. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed, thank you so much!
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need to find a hotel in the west of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
Both the [Huntingdon Marriott] and the [Cambridge Belfry] fit that criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Do either of them include free Wifi?
Yes they do and free parking as well.
I need to book for 3 people on monday and will be staying for 3 nights, can you book that for me please?
I was able to book the [Huntingdon Marriott] for 3 people Monday for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, may I have the reference number for the booking?
yes you may. your reference number is JQGVOECL . is there anything else that i may assist you with?
Address and phone number please .
The Huntingdon Marriott is at Kingfisher Way, Hinchingbrook Business Park, Huntingdon. Their number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was great. Thank you goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a place to dine that serves [Vietnamese] food in the East.
Sorry, there are no Vietnamese places in the East. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, I am willing to go to a different area for Vietnamese food.
Thanh binh is in the west part of town
How about an [international] restaurant instead on the east?
The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant on the east side of town that serves international food. Would you like more information on that place?
Yes please. Can I get the postcode.
Sure, the phone number is 01223812660.
Not the phone number, the postcode, please.
My apologies. The postcode is cb259aq.
Thank you very much. I am all set. Bye.
You are welcome. Good bye.


Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?
There are 6 places to choose from. Is there a certain price range or area of town you want to be in?
In the west, please. It should be a hotel type, please.
We don't seem to have a guesthouse that has everything you want. There is a hotel that has the other things. Would you like that?
Can you tell me a little about that hotel please?
It is a guesthouse, not a hotel sorry. The pricerange is moderate. It has 3 stars, free wifi, and parking. Would you like to book it?
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting on monday.
Reference number is : SEMSYF2T . Is there anything else?
I also need a train from Peterborough.
What is your destination, and what day do you wish to travel?
I am looking to leave at [13:15] from peterborough.
Okay, I will still be needing your destination and day of travel
Oh, sorry need to go to Cambridge and will be traveling on Monday.
There are 22 matching entries. Do you want me to book a train for you?
No can you just tell me the arrival time of the first train that departs after 13:15?
The first arrival time is 14:09.
Okay that's great. Thank you very much.
Would you like me to reserve that for you?
No thanks, I'm all set with everything. Thank you for your help.
Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Okay goodbye you can end the conversation
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range that serves [indian] food.
I have 4 places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference in the area.
I don't really have a preference in the area.
I would suggest [meghna] then would you like the address?
No address but would like to make a booking for 8 people at [17:45] on wednesday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LS1ZMCR8 . Is there anything I can do to help you today?
I also would like to see entertainment in the center area.
we dont have any in that area.
If there is no such attraction, how about one that is in the type of museum?
I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and entrance fee for one of the museums, please.
The [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology] is always a good choice. They are located at University of Cambridge, Downing Strand and admission is free. The phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
Alright, where would you like the taxi to pick you up at and your destination?
I'd like to go from the museum to the restaurant, and make sure I get there for the reservation, please.
i booked your taxi. it will be a blue toyota. their phone number is 07424729044.
that is all i need for now. have a great day
Have a great, Good-bye.


I need a cheap place with a free WiFi to stay. Can you assist to find one?
I certainly can. Does location matter?
No. Also, I forgot to mention that I would like a guesthouse also.
I have 9 options for you. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, no preference really. Can you suggest one of the 9. I would like to book a room please.
I could suggest for you [Alexander bed and breakfast], It is in 56 saint Barnabas road.
The 6 of us would like to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Could you book that for me, please?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is K9NL8J4J .
Can you look for a train to Cambridge on Saturday as well?
Where are you departing from?
I will leave from Stansted Airport.
There are 19 trains from stansted airport to cambridge on saturday. is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I want to arrive by [9:00].
There is a train departing from Stansted airport it will arrive at 8:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sounds great. Please book for Saturday and provide me with the travel time.
I will book that for you and the train leaves at 8:24.
Could you possible email or fax me the reference number, train number, and the time? I appreciate your assistance.
How many tickets will you need?
I need 6 tickets. Please give me the train details.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FGLXQ5ZD .
that is it for today thanks for helping
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hello, I would like information on the [Sesame Restaurant and Bar].
Sesame Restaurant and bar number 01223358899 and it's address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I would like to make an appointment for 7 people at [6PM] on Monday.
I have booked your request for 7 people at the Sesame Restaurant and Bar, located at 17 Hills Road City Centre for 6PM on Monday.
Can I have the reference number please?
Yes certainly. However, there seems to be an error. I was unable to book that time. Is there another time I could book for you?
Is [5PM] available instead?
Yes it is. I have booked a table for you at 17:00 on Monday for 7 people. The reference number is CZ3JGGJP .
Great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need a hotel that includes free Wi-Fi and free parking
i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria, what price range are you looking for?
Do you have an expensive guesthouse?
Unfortunately there are no guesthouses that are in the expensive price range.
How about a cheap one?
I have found 9 guesthouses that meet that requirement. Is there a certain area you would prefer to stay in?
Is there one close to the area I booked the restaurant reservation?
Yes I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I would just like the star rating, postcode, and phone number of the establishment.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse. The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That takes care of everything. Thank you for the help.
Alright, have a nice day!


I want expensive [Korean] food. I want the address and area of town.
[Little Seoul] is a Korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range. The address is 108 Regent Street.
What part of town is that in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town.
I wanted [Indonesian] food if possible. I wanted to ask about expensive Indonesian food first.
There are no Indonesian restaurants. May I search for something else?
Thank you for your help!
Not a problem. Have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a [North African] restaurant.
I'm sorry but it looks like I don't happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine? Can I help you with a different type?
How about something in the expensive price range instead?
Sure, there are 57 expensive restaurants in town. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer something near the centre please.
There are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria. May I interest you in African cuisine since you originally asked for North African restaurant?
No, I think I'd like an expensive [French] restaurant instead.
[Cote] is an expensive French restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there, or possibly their address?
Yes please. Can you book it for Friday at [19:45]? There will be 8 of us.
OK, you have a table for 8 at Cote onFriday night. Your reference number is ZWI39RV9 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That's everything. Thank you! Goodbye.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a place to stay
There are are lots of options. Is there a particular side of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west.
Hobsons House is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are they 4 star rated by chance?
I am sorry I have no listings for any with 4 stars.
That's okay. Can you look for one that is expensive?
the [huntingdon marriot hotel] is great!
Sounds good. Can you book for Wednesday for 1 person, 4 nights?
The booking was successful, your reference number is N7L47L69 .
I also need a restaurant that serves [venetian] food, in the expensive range.
I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine perhaps?
OK, then please try [Italian] restaurants.
I have the [caffee uno] located in the centre.
Great! I would like a reservation for Wednesday.
Certainly, at what time? And how many will be in your party?
The same group of people discussed at [18:15] the same day.
Table for 1 at Caffe Uno is confirmed for Wednesday at 18:15. They will hold your table until 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is A3L9KQ34 .
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to the restaurant. Just please make sure I get their in time for my reservation
In order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and the arrival location.
I will be leaving the restaurant.
Please to book a taxi I need departure location, arival location and travel time. Please provide that information.
Yes, I will be leaving from the hotel. I will need to arrive at the restaurant by [18:15] on Wednesday.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Volvo and their contact number is 07236170295.
Thank you so much for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


i am lookingfor a place to stay
Ok. I can help you with that. Are you looking for a particular price range or part of town?
Price range and location don't matter. I would just like for it to be a hotel that has free parking. Internet is not necessary either.
Acorn guest house is a guest house with free parking, or we have 28 other options. Do you have any other preferences?
Not at this time.
would you like to book a room at [acorn] or any of the others?
Could you tell me what area of town it is in?
The Acorn Guest House is in the north.
Thanks! I also need an [italian] restaurant to go to. I need to save some money so I would prefer it to be cheap.
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] is in the north and it is cheap. Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I would like a table.
I would be happy to help with your request. How many will be dining, and what day/time would you like the reservation?
I would like a table for 6 at [17:30] on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N5B6ARJP .
Thanks. That is all for today. Have a nice day.
Your welcome. I am glad I could help.


I want to find some [international] food in the east part of town.
[The Missing Sock] serves international food and is located in the east side of town, at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I need the restaurant to be cheap, does this restaurant fir that criteria?
Yes, the Missing Sock is listed as being in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please book for 8 people on Saturday for [12:30].
I am sorry but the Missing Sock is full. May I look for another restaurant for you on the east side of town?
Can you find me something in the same price range?
There is nothing else. Would you like to try another time?
I was really hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. Can you check for availability again? Any cuisine is fine.
I'm sorry bu there are no other restaurants on the east side of town that are listed as cheap. Can we try another part of town?
Yes alright then.
I will look up a cheap restaurant on the other part of the town.
Ok, any area will be ok
I am sorry there are no others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range?
No, I need a cheap restaurant in the east.
The Missing Sock is the only cheap restaurant in the east. Can you perhaps do another time?
I really needed it to be at that time. Thank you for your help.
I'm really sorry we couldn't book the table for you. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
You're certain that, with no particular cuisine needed, there were no cheap restaurants at all?
I booked for you a table at [gardenia]. It's in the center and serves mediterranean food. Your reservation is on MSF1LNO1 .
Thanks, I hope it will be a good one. Bye!
I'm sure it will, bye!


I need a train to cambridge on saturday
Okay, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after [17:45].
I have three options for you, is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
No. I need to book this for 5 people. Please send me the reference number too.
I have you booked on TR3940 Saturday leaving at 19:39 and arriving at 21:07. The reference number is X56OZZGL and it will be 13.28 GBP at the station.
Great. I also need a cheap 4-star hotel.
Do you have an area preference? Otherwise, I recommend leverton house on newmarket road.
Is it a guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thanks. No need to make a reservation but can I get the postcode please?
The postcode for Leverton House is cb58rs. Is there anything more I can help with today?
No I think that's all I needed, thanks!
It was a pleasure serving you today. I hope you enjoy your stay!


I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.
i have 29 options for you
Okay, thank you! I would like a 4-star hotel.
That narrowed it down some, but we still have plenty of options available. Is there anything else you're looking for like a certain price range or maybe internet?
Any place in the south area of town?
I found two 4-star hotels in that area: [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes the first hotel will do great, I need to book for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PZ6RF1H0 . is there anything else i could help you with?
I would also like to find a pricey [Gastropub],
There are three expensive gastropub restaurants. Would you rather be in the centre or the east?
I would prefer the south.
Unfortunately the only restaurants that meet your criteria are in the centre or the east.
Can you look again? I thought I saw one in the south area the last time I was in town.
There are none in the south side of town.
Can you check all the gastropubs in town?
There are 4 gastropub restaurants in town. Three are located in the centre, one is in the east. Three are expensive, and one is moderate.
I'm sorry, I need a restaurant in the south.
There are no gastropub restaurants in the south. Would you like a different kind of food?
Yes, let's try an [Italian] restaurant in the south, please. There should be one.
I have two Italian restaurants in south. We have the pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with [frankie and bennys]. Do you have their phone number and address?
Yes. Their phone number is 01223412430 located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?
I can book a taxi but I need to know where you need to be picked up and dropped off. Is there a certain time?
I need to leave the hotel by [6] and head to the restaurant.
I have booked you with a red honda taxi. Their phone number is 07534551524. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, you were helpful
Thank you, any have a great day.


Would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with [scottish] cuisine?
I'm sorry, there aren't any. Is there anything else you could prefer?
No, not at this time. I was really only hunting a restaurant with scottish cuisine. Thank you for your time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there one available that serves [Chinese] food?
Yes there are 4. When would you like me to reserve the table for you?
Yes, Monday, [12:15] for four.
I managed to successfully book a table in the [rice house] that is in the centre. Your reservation number is ONC1AEJC .
That's wonderful. Thank you for your assistance, bye!
No problem. I'm here to help. Goodbye!


Are there any casual restaurants in the south?
Yes. Would you like an expensive, cheap or moderately priced restaurant?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
I found 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. One serves Italian and the other Modern European food. Would you like me to book at one of these?
[Modern European] sounds wonderful. Yes, please book a table for 1 at [14:45] on Friday.
That wasn't available. I did book you in the other one though. The [Pizza Hut in Cherry] Hinton is located on Clifton Way. Reference number P2O7ES3D . Will that be acceptable?
Yes, that would be fine. Thank you for your help today. Bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I am looking for a hotel called the [alpha-milton guest house].
Sure! I've located the guesthouse, it is located in the north area. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you but I do need the address please?
Sure, the address is: 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Anything else I can get you?
I am also looking for a attraction called [cambridge contemporary art].
Yes, it is located at 6 trinity street, is there other information you need on it?
Could I get the phone number and entrance fee?
It's free to get in, and their phone number is 01223324222. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much and have a wonderful day!
Thank you! You, too, and I hope you will enjoy your stay!


Can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side?
I have 2 indian restaurants and 1 italian in the moderate price range on the east side. Is there a food type you prefer?
I would like the one with the italian food. Can you see if I can book a table for 7 people at [14:30] on tuesday there please?
I was unable to book a reservation at that time. Would you like to try another time?
How about either of the [Indian] restaurants in the same area and price range?
Sure, there are three restaurants. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, and Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditten.
I would like to try the restaurant at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton since it's close by. Can you try a booking, please?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 80S3HGAN .. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


I am looking for somwhere to go in the centre.
Are you looking for an attraction or a restaurant?
I'm looking for multiple sports in the centre please.
Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for centre. How about in the east area?
Do you have any type of museums in the centre? If you do, I need the phone number, too.
I have about 11 different museums. Might I suggest the [Primavera]. It has a large variety of excellent exhibits. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great! Could I get the phone number?
Absolutely! The phone number for Primavera is 01223357708. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train to arrive in Cambridge by [13:00].
OK, where from? And what day are you traveling?
I need the train for 8 people leaving from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge before 13:00. Once you have the booking, can you send me the reference number?
On what day did you need the train?
I would need the train on Friday.
There is a train that leaves at 05:19. The ID is TR1662. Would you like me to book at ticket for you?
Yes, for 8 people. I will need a reference number, thanks!
I got 8 tickets for you the reference number is TJTTPUV3 . 132 GBP is the total and can be paid at the station when you get there. Anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?
I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after [16:00], please.
TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.
Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?


I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday please
What departure location will you be using?
leicester please and can you bookn that for me ?
I would be happy to book that for you! What time would you like to depart?
I need it arrive by [13:30] and needs to depart from leicester.
If you'd like something very early, the TR6125 departs Leicester 05:09 and arrives Cambridge 06:54. Would you like a seat on this train or shall we look for something later?
That is good. I would like the price also please.
The price per ticket for that route is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the centre of town.
There are 9 great places to choose from. Would you like to stay in a certain price range?
Yes I need the cheap price range
I recommend [zizzi cambridge] on Regent Street. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 6 people at [17:00] on the same day as the train.
Alright I booked you a table at zizzi cambridge! Heres your reference number TSOG5SDI . Anything else I can do for you?
that is all for today thanks
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for colleges in town. Any suggestions?
What area of town would you like to be in?
I have no preference.
I have several. Are there any other criteria you are needing it to fit into?
None, what you recommend, I will go with.
[christs college] is a nice attraction,do you want the phone number ?
Yes, may I also know the area it is located in and the postcode?
Christ's College is in the centre of town. The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you any further?
I also want to find an expensive 3 star lodging, with free wifi and in the type of hotel.
Ok. There are two hotel that meet that criteria. One is in the centre and one is in the south. Do you have a preference?
It doesn't matter, I'd just for sure like free wifi and a 3 star rating. I'll just need the phone number.
The [Gonville Hotel] is in the centre and meets your criteria. The phone number is 01223366611. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.
I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for the nearest police station.
The police station is located at: Parkside, Cambridge. The number is 01223358966. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you goodbye
You are most welcome!


I want to go to a place that has architecture.
Yes, I've pulled up information on old schools and churches and they are all located in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
If I could just get the phone numbers and postcodes, that would be great!
[All saints church] is located at postcode cb58bs. Their number is 01223452587.
That's perfect, I've heard of it. How about a cozy 4 star guesthouse nearby?
Okay I have one matching that description in the city center and it is in the cheap price range but 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Does it include free parking as well?
It does. It is the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
Can I get the price range for that guesthouse please?
It is a cheap guesthouse. Would you like to book a room?
No, but can you get me a taxi to the guesthouse? I should finish sightseeing at [2:30].
You're all set! The car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07351739758.
THank you that is all I needed today, have a nice day.
You're welcome, please contact us if you need help with something else.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Congratulations! When are you traveling? Would you like to come by bus or train?
Train please. I need to leave cambridge on friday after [12:15] going to broxbourne.
There are 11 trains meeting those requirements, leaving once an hour starting at 13:01. They all have a duration of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds.
Can you book me on the first train at 13:01. I need 4 people to be reserved for. If I can get a reference number that would be great!
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PUWPI5NE .
Thank you! Can you also tell me some information about the [fitzwilliam museum]?
Okay it's located in the centre an free to get in.
What attraction type would you classify it as?
It's a museum. Do you need more information?
what area is it in?
Sure it is located in the city center.
thanks for all of your help
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all for today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


Yes, I would like a taxi to the Town Centre. From the train station.
Where from the town centre do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I'm sorry, did I say Taxi? I mean train.
Let's start over. Are you looking for a train?
Yes. I need it to depart from Cambridge.
Where would you like the train from cambridge to travel to?


Where is the closest pizza joint?
What area of town will you be in?
Well, I'm wanting to visit a park as well. Let's find that first.
[Wandlebury Country Park] is in the South. It is very nice. There is also Cherry Hinton Water Play in the East. Do either of those sound suitable?
Wandlebery sounds good, can I get the phone number, area, and postcode?
Wandlebury country park is in the south area, postcode cb223ae and phone is 01223243830.
Can you book it for me?
It is a public park. You can just walk through it without a booking.
Okay great thanks so much.
Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I need a cheap hotel for 8 people 2 nights starting Tuesday please
I am happy to book, but lets find you a place. Any preference on area? Are ratings or type of place a factor?
I'd like to find something in the south. It also needs to have free parking.
[Rosa's] bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the south. It has 4 stars and provides free wifi and parking. Does this sound OK to you?
Yes please. Can you please book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Sure thing. I just booked it. Your ref number is Q2JZ0UIL .
Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all. Thanks for your help today.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?


I'm looking for museums in town. Can you recommend one?
There are 23 museums in town. Do you have a specific area you would be interested in?
Which ever one is your favorite will do. Can I have their contact information and what is the entrance fee?
[Cambridge Artworks] is in the east. They have no admission and their number is 01223902168
I need the post code also for the museum please.
Their postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need a guesthouse. I should be a 4 star in the north. Parking is not important.
[Acorn guest house] looks available, would you like to book that?
Not right now, but could you tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, can you have a taxi pick me up at the [Acorn] and take me to the [Artworks], say around [24:45]?
Booking is complete. Your contact number is 07522217444. The car type will be a red tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed thank you!
I hope you enjoy your stay.


Where is [Finches Bed and Breakfast] located?
It is located at 144 thornton road postcode cb30nd and the phone number is 01223276653.
How can I book a room?
I'd be happy to do that for you, if you want to give me your details.
I need to book it for 3 days starting on Wednesday. There are 6 people in my party.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1KB3H7VC . May I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in finding some kind a multiple sports place to go while I'm in town. Is there anything like that?
There is the [Cherry Hinton Village] Center in the east. Would you like more information?
Please, what's their phone number and what area are they in?
Their phone number is 01223576412 and they're located in the east.
Thank you, that is all I need today.
You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!


May I have information for an [italian] restaurant in the east part of town?
yes sure. there is only on italian restaurant called [pizza hut fen ditton] in the east. What else do you want to know?
What is their address please?
The address for pizza hut fen ditton is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.


Hi, I'm looking to try [Eritrean] food. Do you have a restaurant listing?
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any. What about Sri Lankan food instead?
What do you have in the cheap price range?
There are over 20 restaurants in Cambridge that fall into the cheap price range. Did you want to try a different cuisine since there were no Eritrean locations?
Sure, can you find an nice [Italian] restaurant?
How about zizzi cambridge? They are on 47-53 Regent Street
Sure that sounds good. Would like that address please
zizzi cambridge address is 47-53 Regent Street and the post code is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train out of Cambridge on Thursday, please.
Where would you be going to?
I need to leave after [8:15] and go to London Kings Cross, please.
TR8636 leaves at 9:00 would you like me to book it for you?
No, but what is the travel time for that train ID?
Your travel time would be 51 minutes. Would you like to book at ticket?
Nah that won't be necessary.
Is there anything else that I can assist with today?
I think that's everything I need right now. Thank you very much!
Great! I hope you enjoy your travels! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I am looking for the [soul tree nightclub].
That's a great spot for nightlife! It's located in the city centre and they only charge 4 pounds for their entrance fee.
What area is it located in and what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday.
I can certainly help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. I'll need a train that leaves after [10:45].
I have train TR5754 that will be departing at 11:24 and will arrive by 11:52. Do you think that would work for you?
Yes that will work. Can we book for 5 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 7TR7SDNQ .
Thanks! That's all I need for today. Goodbye.
Thank you and have a good trip.


i am looking for a [spanish] restaurant in the moderate price range
[la tasca] is located in the centre. Do you need for me to book it ?
No, thats ok. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
I just need to get it's address postcode and number please.
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street, their postcode is cb21uf, and their phone number is 01223464630.
Ah, thanks. Also, I'm looking for a museum to go to in the same area. Can you recommend one?
there are eleven in that area. is there a particular type of museum you like? art, history, science?
Science is interesting. Could you give me the phone number and entrance fee?
There is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology or the whipple museum of the history of science - do you have a preference?
You can choose but I need their phone number, postcode and entrance fee.
The [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology] has a free entrance fee. The phone number is 01223333516. The postcode is CB23DZ.
Ok thank you. I will also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and museum.
What time do you need it to arrive?
I just need to leave the museum by [19:15].
Your taxi is booked. Look for a red lexus. Your contact number is 0777538009
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thank you very much. Goodbye
thanks for inquiring with us.


Can you help me find a place to dine in Cambridge?
Was there a particular area of town you wanted to dine in? Or a particular style of cuisine?
I would really like some [Malaysian] food tonight, moderate in price please.
I am not finding any Malaysian restaurants in the city. Would you like a different type of food?
Could you try one similar only [Indian] this time?
What area of town are you looking to dine in?
Area does not matter.
Do you have a preference to price? I have many Indian restaurants of varying price all over the city.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.
There a 4 restaurants that would work. Two are in the east. One in the north. One in the west. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes can you please five me a recommendation.
I recommend the [curry prince] then. Do you need anything else?
Can I get a table for 3 people at [11:00] on Wednesday?
Okay, I've got it for you! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your number is : PD3GXPL6 .
I also need a place to stay that is cheap.
There are many hotels in your price range. What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter as long as it is in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 3.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything that is cheap with 3 stars. Is there a different area or type of room you would like?
How about a 3 star guesthouse in the moderate price range?
I have the hobsons house it is in the west moderately priced with 3 stars. Would you like reservations?
Does the [Hobsons House] have internet?
Yes, it does. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just please get me their postcode and phone number and I'll take it from there
their phone number is 01223304906 and postcode cb39lh
That's all I need today. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else you need. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a [cuban] restaurant.
I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
I need something expensive in Centre and it really needs to serve Cuban food.
Again, unfortunately, we don't have any Cuban restaurants listed. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
Is there a [chinese] restaurant in the same price range?
I have several places. Would you like me to book it?
No, just pick your favorite and give me the address and postcode please.
There is no listings for Cuban food ,would you want something else
I was hoping for Cuban, but since there aren't any, do you have any expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?
May I recommend [Ugly Duckling]? They're an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre and they are quite popular.
Sure, could I get the postcode and the address please?
The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and their postcode is cb21tw. Can I assist you with anything further?
Thank you. I also want a train for friday, from broxbourne to cambridge
There are 19 trains on Friday, do you have a specific time you want to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by [08:15].
There are 2 that arrive by 08:15. The closest to that arrival time is arriving at 07:32.
What is the travel time for that one?
That's TR5570. The travel time is 60 minutes.
And what is the price on that one?
17.90 pounds per ticket I do believe. Is there something else I can help you with today?
What time is the departure? I am sorry.
The departure is 06:32. Anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your time here.


I am look for a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.
We have 14 places that are moderately priced with parking. Do you want any particular area?
The area isn't important but I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible.
I think the [Bridge Guest House] would be perfect for you. Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it does have free internet.
Okay, great! I would like to book a room please. There will be 3 of us.
For how many days and when would you be coming?
Tuesday. 5 nights. Reference number please.
Of course! You're booked with reference number 7BWSFBYX . May I assist with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks very much.
Thank you, have a good stay. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
I sure can. What type of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that's moderately priced.
That's great information, but so many options! Is there a part of town that you would like to stay or other amenities you would like to have while in town?
Something moderately priced, but a 4 star accommodation. And I would like free wifi too please.
There are 11 options which fit your requirements. What part of town do you prefer?
Preferably in the centre. Would like a reservation for 5 people, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday. Also looking for places to go in the centre as well.
There are no places to stay in Centre matching your request. Would you like to try another part of town?
Sure, let us try the North.
I would either recommend Avalon or Limehouse. Both are great guesthouses. Which of those would you like me to book for you?
Let's go with the [Avalon]. Could you make it for 5 people for 5 nights? We want to arrive Wednesday.
Perfect I have you booked at the Avalon for 5 nights and 5 people, the reference number is I3B3EKYI . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go around town
Do you have a specific area or attraction type in mind?
I would like to be in the centre, please provide me with an entrance fee, a phone number and post code.
Please provide me with attraction type preference that you may have so that I can narrow down to a few choices.
I need it in the centre and you can make a suggestion.
[Ruskin gallery] is a museum in the centre of town and very popular. The entreance is free.
Please give me their phone number and postcode
The phone number is 01245493131 and post code is cb11pt.
Thank you very much. I think that is all the information I need today!
You are welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye


hello. I'm trying to get to kings lynn on sunday. can you help?
Of course. To be of better service can I ask your departure location and what time you would like to arrive on Sunday?
Depart from cambridge and arriving by [0930] please
TR8042 will depart cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arrive in Kings Lynn at 8:58. How many tickets would you like to book?
That will work, I just need 1 ticket please and also the reference number.
I've booked it. Your reference number is 6UPAI5J3 . What else can I do for you today?
what attractions do you have in the centre of town?
There are multiple types of attractions in the centre of town. What are you interested in so I can better help you?
Something located in the city centre. Also may I have their phone number?
We have 44 entries in the area. What type would you like?
I am not entirely sure. What would you recommend?
Are you interested in archaeology? Our Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology might interest you. Or if you want to exercise, Parkside Pools would be a fun venue.
The [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology] sounds good. Can I get the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223333516
Great, that's all I need, thank you!
Awesome, have a great day!


I would like a [European] restaurant in the west part of town, please.
The [cambridge lodge restaurant] serves european food in the west part of town
phone number and address, please.
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their number is 01223 355166. Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range
We have 15 restaurants that fit that price range. Is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so I can narrow it down a bit more?
How about an [Indian] or Thai place?
There are no Thai restaurants. There are three Indian restaurants called [Kohinoor], the Gandhi, and mahal of Cambridge. Which one do you prefer?
Are there any [spanish] food restaurants?
Yes, there is one called La Raza that fits your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Are there any that serve [Catalan] cuisine specifically?
I'm afraid we don't have any Catalan restaurants.
Then go ahead and book [La Raza] for me. We have 4 people at [17:00] on Monday.
That restaurant is not available at that time. Do you want me to try another time?
Can you look for a restaurant in the same area and price range?
I got you booked at the Kohinoor, your reference number is: 7Q9M2VYF . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great! Thank you so much.
Enjoy the rest of your day


I am looking for a train that is going to Cambridge.
There are 1,414 trains to Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.
There are 19 trains leaving Birmingham New Street and arriving at Cambridge on Tuesday. Did you have a specific departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by [19:30]
Train TR4373 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, no ticket needed right now. I do need the price and travel time, though.
It is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes.
Also, can you please provide me with attractions in the centre?
Would you be interested in one of the 4 theatres located in the centre?
Yes that would be fine.
Great, the theatres are Adc Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Does any one of those in particular interest you?
I think that will be everything I needed. Thanks for your help!
Thanks for using our system!


Hi I am looking for a guesthouse that has a star rating of 0.
It looks like there are two of those in Cambridge, do you have a preference on a location?
The hotel should be in the north and should be in the cheap price range.
It sounds like [City Centre North B&B] is perfect for you. Would you like me to book this guesthouse?
Yes, please, for three nights starting Monday.
And how many people will be staying?
Six people will be staying.
Okay, the booking was successful. Your Reference number is : Z7T91H45 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need a train departing from kings lynn. It would be for the same day as my hotel arrival. And I need to arrive before [21:45].
Sure, the train that arrives closest to the time you requested is TR1465 arrives at 20:58. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
What is the departure time and the duration of the ride?
Train TR1465 departs Cambridge at 20:11 and takes exactly 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to clarify. I want to depart Kings Lynn and arrive in Cambridge, does TR1465 work for me?
Yes, this train meets all the criteria you specified. Can I book that for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you. If for some reason there were a mix up are there workers at the station or is there a number to call here?
Upon booking you will have a confirmation number that you can call and reference in case of any trouble.
Okay, so TR1465 leaves kings lynn at 20:11, arrives in cambridge at 20:58, and has a travel time of 47 minutes? If that is correct, that's all I need.
Great I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your travel.


Hi. Are there any trains from Peterborough on Sunday?
Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I am going to Cambridge and I have to leave after [21:15].
There are a number of trains you can choose, the earliest one being at 21:19 and the latest at 23:48.
Book the earliest one for 4 people.
Okay, booking was successful. The total fee will be 52.8 GBP and your reference number is VFUX9JT1 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd also like to find lodgings on the west side of town.
There are two hotels and two guesthouses on the west side of town. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
A hotel that includes parking.
Sure! How about the [Cambridge Belfry]? It's cheap with four stars. Would that work for you?
Yes that will be fine as long as it includes free parking.
Yes, it does! How many nights would you like?
I would like to book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.
I am sorry, they are unable to accommodate those dates. Can you shorten the stay or try other days?
Can we try booking it for just one night then?
Thank you, I was able to book you for one room on Sunday for 4 people. The Reference number is 08QSW5MB . Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you so much.
If you need anything else, let us know. Good bye.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I'd also like the restaurant's phone number.
There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town. La Margherita is an Italian restaurant and Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant. Would you like the phone number for one or both of those?
[Vietnamese] sounds good. Could I have the phone number for [Thanh Binh]?
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye, have a nice day.


I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
We have 9 in the area. Is there a particular area you would like to stay ?
I want to be in the north.
I show results for 2 moderate priced hotels, the Ashley and the Lovell. Both have internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
could I have the address please?
[Ashley hotel] is located at 74 chesterton road and lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road.
I need to book for 5 people and 2 nights starting monday. Do either of those have that available?
I have booked you at Ashley hotel for your time requested! Your reference is 6WFHNVGM .
What attractions are close to the Ashley hotel?
We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat nearby. What would you like more information on?
What do you recommend?
I would recommend the [Milton Country Park], there is no entrance fee and it's nearby. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, just a taxi form the hotel to the park. I want a really early morning to find a spot for the sunrise, so leaving at [02:15].
I booked you a white toyota and the driver can be reached at 07502392207. Enjoy the park and if there's anything else you need, I'm here 24/7
Thanks a lot for your help!
You are most welcome. I am glad to be helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by [17:45].
Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.
I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8K88DU7K .
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.
I have 4 options available. Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.
The [Lensfield Hotel] meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, 4 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
Okay, I will get that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you please provide me with the reference number?
The reference number is GETHUNTL . What else can i do for you?
There is nothing more for me. Thanks for your help, adios!
Okay, adios amigo! Glad I could help!


I need some information about [Churchill College].
Churchill college is in the west area, the address is storey's way and has free entrance. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the postcode as well?
The postcode on that attraction is cb30ds. Do you need further help with anything today?
I would like to find and [Italian] restaurant in the Centre of town.
There are a number of them. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm thinking the expensive price range.
There are 4 restaurants that are in the expensive range, [Caffe Uno] comes highly recommended. Shall I book a table?
Yes please. There are 6 of us. Make it for [17:00] on Thursday.
Your reservation for a table of 6 at Caffe Uno this thursday at 17:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : BZ87Z5CS .
Can you hemp book a taxi, too?
I would be happy to assist you with booking a taxi. What are your departure and destination points?
I would like to leave [churchill college] and get to [cafe uno] by [17:00]
I've booked your taxi, you'll be riding in a white bmw and their phone number is 07823215445. What else can I help you with?
No, thank you. That's everything I need today. Goodbye.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant
What area of town could you like to dine at?
The town centre, please.
What type of food would you like to dine on?
I don't care, as long as it's really expensive.
[Bedouin] is a unique African restaurant in the centre that is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, for four people on Saturday. Do you have anything at [15:45]?
Yes had an opening for 15:45 so I made a reservation for you. Your reference is QCLAB4ER and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse and should include free parking.
I can help you with that. What price range would you like?
Expensive, I would like the place to be pricey.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something else?
Hmm.. okay, how about moderate? Big thing I guess is free parking and a 3 star rating.
There are 3 hotels that fit your criteria: The [Bridge Guest House], Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House.
You choose your favorite. Book me for the same group of people please for 3 nights starting on Saturday.
Okay. We have you booked at the [Bridge Guest House]. The reference number is KTPR4JKI .
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant on time, [15:45].
Your taxi will be a black Honda. Their number is 07401864522
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train. The train should leave after [09:00] and should go to broxbourne.
What day will this be on?
On Sunday.
TR941 leaves at 9:01 would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need that booked for 8 people.
I was able to get you 8 tickets. Your reference number is V2XTDMK6 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that is all for now. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Have a great trip!


I am looking for a train to London Kings Cross that departs after [08:15].
What day would you like to travel?
I'll be travelling on a Wednesday.
Are you departing from cambridge station?
Yes. What do you have available?
The TR2000 leaves cambridge going to london kings cross on friday at 09:00. It arrives in london kings cross at 09:51. How does that sound?
That's great. Please book me two tickets.
The booking was successful and the fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E2N0JHSY . May I assist you with anything else today.
No thank you, that is all.
Have a good day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap price range
There are 15 restaurants that fit your request. Do you know what type of food you will want to eat?
I don't care, just as long as it's cheap and in the center of town.
How about [Charlie Chan]? It's a Chinese restaurant that is located in the centre and is cheap.
What is the address? Is there a train I can take to get there?
The address is regent street city centre. Where will you be departing from?
leave after 1[8:15] and should depart from cambridge on monday,can you book it for me
I have train TR7409 leaving Cambridge at 09:00, will that do? How many tickets would you like?
I just need the price of that train.
Where are you heading? The cost for trains varies based on the station you go to. I know you're leaving from Cambridge, but to where?
My destination is stevenage.
TR8290 leaves Cambridge at 9:21 and gets to Stevenage at 10:10. The cost is 12.80 GBP.
thanks! that's all i needed to know
Glad to be able to help! Is there any other information or reservations that you are needing?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I need some [portuguese] food! I need a restaurant in any area. Please give me a phone number.
Nandos is located in the south area. Address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and phone number is 01223 327908.
Is there anything else?
Nandos city centre is in the centre part of town. Their phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you find me a train to Cambridge on Sunday?
Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'm coming from Birmingham New Street.
There are 19 train departures fitting this description, they leave every hour on the :40 minute. 5:40 to 23:40. Would you like to book one of these?
No that is ok I think I have everything I need now. Thank you
Thank you and have a great day!
I would also like information on a restaurant called "[Grafton Hotel Restaurant]".
The Grafton hotel restaurant is British and expensive. Their phone number is 01223241387 and the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great thank you can you please book me for table for 8 at [19:30] on the same day
Booking was successful at grafton hotel restaurant. The table for 8 will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UE3CHDIM . Would you like help with anything else?
No that should be all thank you very much
Please enjoy the rest of your day!


I would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [irish] food
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like a different style of food?
How about [french] food?
There is [Cote], an expensive French restaurnt in the centre of town.
Okay. May I have the phone number and address please?
sure, cote is located at bridge street city centre. Its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you.
Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye


I am looking for a cheap room in a guest house.
The allenbell fits that criteria. Would you like some more info?
Not right now, I also need a train going to Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday and leave after [19:15]
To or from Cambridge/Norwich?
I'm departing from Cambridge heading to Norwich. I'll need it booked for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : H829GED4 . what else can i do for you?
am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet
are you looking for something other than the allenbell we discussed earlier?
Could you look up a hotel based on what I ask? North area, 4 stars...please.
There are no places available in that area. Is there a different area that you would prefer?
Are there any that has free wifi?
Yes. The [Worth House] meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need it for 3 people, 3 nights, and we will be arriving on Sunday.
Alright, I have booked the worth house for 3 people for 3 nights starting sunday, your reference number is HVD2IBXM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, that is all that I need.
Do you need me to book any sort of travel?
No , thanks for the help!
alright, call me if you need anything.


I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday
Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after [21:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.
We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ . Is there anything else?
No that's all thanks
Okay, have a good day then


I am planning a trip in Cambridge, looking for a train
sure, what day will you be traveling?
I need to leave on a Saturday.
Please tell me your destination and departure site so that I can narrow down the options
norwich and should leave at [10:30]
Just to clarify, you want to leave Norwich to head into Cambridge on Saturday, after 10:30?
Yes, correct. I'd like to make a booking on that train for 3 people.
Sorry, there is no 10:30 train available, but I could book you on an 11:16 train instead.
Yes, that would be fine. And I will need a reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3PH9MFON . anything else?
Yes, I need somewhere to eat that day. Are there any good [Italian] restaurants on the south side of town?
There are a couple of options. Did you have a preference between moderately priced and expensive?
That doesn't matter. Could you recommend something?
I would recommended [frankie and bennys]. Do you need a reservation?
Sounds good. I need to book a reservation for 3 people.
What time and day would you like to reserve it for?
I need to book a table for the same group of people at [21:00] on the same day.
Excellent. Your booking was successful and your reference number is WCEMVAAG . Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Great! Thank you!
Can I assist you further, today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
I'm glad we could be of assistance today. Good-bye.


Hello, I am looking for a train to leave on Monday after [12:45].
Can we narrow it down by choosing where you want to depart and arrive?
i need to leave after 12:45 on Monday
How about TR6110 that leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Thank you so much for your help.
How many people should I book for?
I don't need anything to be booked but I do need the train ID and the travel time.
TR6110 has a total travel time of 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you tell me about [the Hotpot] Restaurant?
It is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton
Can you please book me a table at the restaurant for 2 people?
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know what day/time you'd like the reservation for.
Thanks! For [17:45] on Monday, please.
Reference number is : VQFAZJU3 . What else may I help with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge after [12:00].
I can look this up for you, I just need the date and where you will be going to.
I am going to birmingham new street on Tuesday.
TR1731 will leave at 12:01, would that work for you?
Yes can I get the travel time and price for that?
Yes the travel time is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks so much. I also wanted to know if you can give me some information on an attraction called [Primavera].
Primavera is a museum located in the center of town at 10 King S Parade and they do not charge an entrance fee. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I have their phone number, please?
Yes sure it is 01223357708.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you!
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the centre.
I'm sorry, I couldn't find anything like that in the centre.
How about a theatre type?
How about the [ADC Theatre]? It's located in centre. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the address?
The adc theatre address is park street post code is cb58as
I would also like to find and expensive, 4 star place to stay.
Would you like the hotel to also be in the centre area? We have one in centre and one in the west area.
In the same area as the attraction please. So I guess centre
I have the [University Arms Hotel]. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, 6 people for three nights starting on tuesday.
your all set! reference number is YE34VAVO . Anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.
What time would you like to leave and or arrive?
i want to drive by [05:00]. Contact number and car type, please.
Your booking is completed, a blue bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is: 07241940832. Do you need any further assistance today?
That was all I needed. Thanks so much!
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge


I am going to Cambridge and want a nice resturant in the west
There are 14 nice restaurants to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Can you just pick one and give me the phone number?
Of course! Saint johns chop house is a great place to go. Their phone number is 01223353110. Can I help with anything else?
find me a place to go in the west and give me their phone numbers
clare hall is a great college and admission is free. The phone number is 01223332360.
Great, I'll need to find another restaurant also, in the same area of town as [Clare Hall].
There are a few restaurants in the west part of town ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
I like [British] pub cuisine.
I recommend [Graffiti], it's a british restaurant in the west. It is an expensive restaurant, but it's so worth it. Would you like a reservation?
Sounds great. I need it for monday at [14:15]. There will be 3 in our party.
I was able to book your party of 3 for Graffiti this Monday at 14:15. Your reference number is B0T1ZF2W .
That is all I need today thank you.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge at [5:30pm] on Friday?
Where will you be traveling to?
Let me change the day to Sunday leaving Ely for Cambridge after [10:15],
I would recommend TR6517 which departs Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at [11:52].
Ok. That one sounds good.
How many tickets will you be needing for your trip?
I'm not sure but I would like some information about museums in the south.
The Byard Art museum matches that criteria. What information do you need?
May I please have the entrance fee, phone number, and post code?
Free to enter. 01223464646, post code cb21sj. Anything else?
No. That's all. Thanks so much!
You are very welcome. If you don't need anything else go ahead and close the chat.


i need a place to stay
Sure, do you have an area of town you want to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east. I'm looking for a 4 star hotel. I don't need any parking.
Okay, I recommend the Autumn House. It is a guest house in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any places that are hotels, not [guest houses]?
There aren't any 4 star hotels available in the east.
I guess I'll book the guesthouse for 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.
I'm sorry, after taking a second look, the Autumn House is not located in the east area. Would A&B Guest House be okay? It's also 4-star.
Yes. Need it in the east. Star of 4 and do not care about parking, but do need it to be a hotel not guesthouse.
I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Is there another area you would like to look at or possibly reserve the guesthouse?
Sorry, Im her husband, Ill take over the call, my wife is a little picky and confused. Please book the guesthouse, 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.
Okay that booking was successful and your reference number is SYX1AD7L .
Great! I was also interested in finding a swimming pool in the north.
Sure, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a nice one. It is located between Victoria Road and the River.
What is the entrance fee?
I'm afraid I don't have that information available. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode, please?
Between Victoria Road and The River, cb43px. Would you like to know more about the place?
I need their entrance fee please
I'm afraid that I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
If that information is not available, then that's all I need today.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Camridge!


i'm looking for places to go in town.
Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
College's seem nice, can you suggest one and give me the address, postcode and phone number if its not too much trouble
christ's college is found in the center their address is saint andrew's street and their poscode is cb23bu. You can reach them on the number 01223334900
Thank you very much.
Do you need help with anything else?
Yeah, I need to book a 4-star hotel in the north that's mid priced.
There is not one listed, do you want to try a 3 star hotel ?
I don't need free parking. I do care about moderate price range in the north with 4 stars.
There are no hotels but there are 7 guesthouses in the north meeting your requirements. Do you want me to choose a guesthouse for you?
Yes, please recommend a guesthouse based on recent reviews.
Okay, I recommend [avalon]. Do you want me to book?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Saturday.
Your booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number and that will be all today.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6GVW9A45 .
Thank you for your time.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thank you, I am all taken care of now. Thanks, and goodbye!
Have a wonderful night.


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
[Golden Wok] is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, that serves Chinese food.
What is their address?
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you good bye
You're welcome, goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east please.
We have 6 total guesthouses in the east, any more preferences?
Yes, I would like free wifi and a 4 star rating.
I have six places, is there a price range you have in mind?
Not particularly. Do you have one you would recommend?
I recommen [a and b guest house]. Should I book that?
please, For 2 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday
Unfortunately there are no rooms available for Wednesday in the East. Could I look at a different location or day?
Can you try 4 nights instead?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 1F0GOZ1D .
Great, could I also find someplace near the hotel to go for fun?
funky fun house would be nice for you


Hello I am looking for a hotel on the west side of town. I'm not picky about wi-fi.
I have two hotel that match your criteria. Do you have a price range?
I don't have a price range at this time, but I am wanting to stay in a guesthouse.
[Hobsons House] may suit your needs, it is a guesthouse located in the West with a moderate price point. Would you like more information?
Yes please I would welcome that.
Would you like me to book it?
Does the Hosons offer free wifi? If so I would like to book it
yes it got wifi. how many people do i book for?
Book for 2 people, 5 nights, and we will arrive on Thursday.
Booked! Reference number: MP53R6QP .
We are looking for an expensive [panasian] restaurant and prefer it to be in the same area as the hotel. Any suggestions?
I'm sorry but there does not seem to be any expensive panasian restaurants located on the west side. Would you like to try to search for something else?
Yes, could you see if there are any restaurants that serve [French] food?
I have two French restaurants in town. Both are expensive. One is in the north, and the other is in the centre of town. Which would you like?
Either one is fine I need a reservation for 2 on Thursday at [12:30].
i booked the one in the north. Reference number is : WSIGR4PK .
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.


I am looking for an expensive hotel that includes free parking.
Express by holiday inn cambridge is available and fits your requirements
I also need a place that is on the west side of town and that has free wifi.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the west side of town, is expensive, with a 4-star rating, and free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not sure. May I have their telephone number first?
Sure thing. The number is 01480446000 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Please feel free to return to this service if you need anything else.


I'm visiting the centre and want to go all out on the experience. Can you help me find an expensive restaurant?
Sure, which part of town did you want to eat in?
In the centre, please
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of cuisine you were looking for?
no, just surprise me. I need a reservation for 1 person at [20:00] on wednesday.
You have been booked at the [Bedouin] on Wednesday at 20:00 for 1 person. Your reference number is 29KJKZOD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay.
The University Arms is a 4 star hotel on Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Is that in the centre area also, and in the expensive price range? That is what I'm looking for.
Yes, [University Arms Hotel] is a 4-star hotel in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Great, can you book for 1 person and 4 nights starting Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VJQM2DFY . Anything else I can do for you?
Great I also need a taxi to take me between the two places and get me to the restaurant by [20:00]
Booking for the taxi complete look for a grey bmw car contact number is 07434690950 to arrive at the restaurant by 20:00
Perfect!. Thank you for your help!
You are most welcome. May I help you with anything else, such as attractions?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a great day!


Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?
Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by [19:30]
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.
How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.
What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09. It's fine. What is the travel time on that train?
The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?


Can you help me find a train departing from leicester leaving on wednesday?
We have 19 trains from leicester to cambridge by the hour starting at 05:09, do you have a time in mind?
I'm fine leaving any time, as long as I arrive by [12:15].
TR3404 will arrive by 11:54. Do you require more information or would you like to book now?
Great can I get the departure time?
The departure time is 10:09 from leicester. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called the [Allenbell].
The Allenbell actually isn't a hotel. It's a guesthouse. It's located in east Cambrige. It's located at 517a coldham lane
Oh nice, what postcode is that?
The post code is cb13js. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks. I just needed information. I'm all set now.
thank your and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I need to leave from Cambridge on Wednesday. Can you help me find a train?
We have several that fit the bill, do you have a destination?
I would like to go to ely, and arrive by [17:45].
Do you have a time you would like to leave?
i want to leave as late as possible and still arrive by 17:45.
I can book you on the TR6745 leaving at [15:50] and arriving at 16:07.
That sounds wonderful!
How many tickets will you need?
I don't need a ticket, I just need to know the price and travel time, please.
That train will leave at 15.50 and arrive at 16:07. the cost is 4.40 pounds.
Great. I also need a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.
i dont happen to have any multiple sports venues in the centre. would you like me to find something else?
What about architecture in the centre?
I [recommendvLittle saint mary's church] don't let the name fool you, they are large and have a lot to see, would you like more information?
Can I get the address, please?
The address is Little Saint Mary's Lane. Is there anything else you need to know?
No thank you that will be all
It was nice talking to you. If you need assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to text us again. Goodbye!


I was hoping you can help me find a place to dine. I'm looking for an [italian] restaurant in the west.
There's 2 Italian restaurants in the west, one cheap and one moderate in price. Which price range do you want?
I would prefer a moderately priced one.
[Prezzo] restaurant is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I would like the reservation for 1 person friday at [13:45].
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes you should not have to ask and always provide the reference number.
I am required to ask by management.
You really should be giving me the reference number now.
Your reference number is : 8XWH8Q5E .
I am also looking for a hotel that is 4 stars and has free wifi. I need it in the same part of town as the restaurant.
There are two hotels in the same area as the restaurant and meet your requirements. What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for price range that is not cheap or expensive.
There are no moderately priced hotels in the area you are looking for. Would you like to search another area, or price range?
lets try cheap
There is one. It is the [cambridge belfry]. Do you want to book?
Yes, please. For 3 nights, and starting on Friday.
Sure, how many people will there be?
There will be just one person.
I booked it for one person. Your ref number is AB62FM758, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all thanks !
Thank you and have a good time in our great city!


I need to find entertainment in the centre.
There are currently no entertainment locations in the centre of town.
Hm. Okay. well how about a boat attraction?
I'd recommend scudamores punting co on granta place, mill lane, cb21rs. Their phone number is 01223359750. Will that be all?
No, I think that will be it. Cheers.
Enjoy your boat ride, Thank you and have a great day!
I will. After the boat ride I'll need a place to put my head down so please find me a moderately priced hotel
There are 18 hotels that fall withing that range, any other preferences to narrow the search?
Someplace on the north side of town, please.
Any other preferences to narrow the search?
Actually, whatever you have would be great. I'm not picky. But I will need to reserve a room for Sunday.
I would suggest Acorn Guest House, it is rated 4 starts and has free parking and internet. How many people will be staying in the room?
i need a hotel, not a guesthouse
Okay, I found the Ashley Hotel rated 4 stars and the Lovell Lodge rated 2 stars. Both are priced moderate and both have wifi and parking. Which do you prefer?
[Ashley Hotel] please. I need a booking for six people, for 3 nights, starting sunday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MT3IXJAR . Do you need anything else?
No. That will be all thank you.
Great, feel free to contact us if you need assistance with anything else. Have a great day!


Hi. I am looking for a hotel to stay in.
Do you have a hotel in mind or a price range?
I wanted somewhere expensive :D
there are five expensive hotels in cambridge. Do you have a star preference or area in mind?
Yes. I'm looking for a 3 start hotel
I recommend the gonville hotel located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room or do you need anymore information?
Is there an expensive hotel with 3 stars that is located in the south?
Yes, there is the [lensfield hotel].
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
I was able to book your room per your request. The reference number is : 9RXKQ7C3 .
Can you locate a train that will take me to the hotel.
Yes, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on sunday.
What is your destination, and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after [13:00] on Sunday and I want to go to Kings Lynn.
I have options available would you like me to book something for you.
I just need the train ID, please.
Sure thing TR7423. Thank you
Thanks for serving me!
Your welcome. Have a great day!
You too much appreciated.
Glad to be of service. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should have a star of 4
I am sorry, but we do not have any hotels like that in that area.
Do you have any guesthouses like that?
Yes, I have two. Would you prefer a pricerange of cheap or moderate?
I am not picky, really.
I'd recommend [rosa's bed and breakfast]. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, we are arriving on Monday. Five of us for 5days, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : A51B0MGU . Enjoy your stay!
Thanks for your help! Bye!
My pleasure. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hi, I've just suffered a minor injury. Can you tell me where a hospital is please?
The nearest is Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The telephone number is 01223245151. Do you need transportation to the hospital?
No, I am luckily near the hospital. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. I hope you feel better. Take care.


I am visiting Cambridge and want to see some entertainment.
There are entertainment attractions in the east, south, and west areas. Which would work best?
Any area is fine
cherry hinton hall and grounds located in the east is a very nice place to visit.
Sounds good, I will give it a try, can I also get a place ot stay with free wifi and parking?
Sure, what area of town would you like to stay in?
Preferably in the north.
what is your price range to narrow down on our choices
I'm open to any price range as long as it meets everything else I need.
There are 2 hotels with 2 stars. There are also 9 guesthouses with 0-, 3- or 4-stars. Which do you prefer?
I think I'd choose one of the hotels. Either is fine, could you recommend one? And give me it's price range?
lovell lodge has a moderate price range. is that it?
Yes that will be all, thank you.
you are welcome any time


I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.
And where would you like this guesthouse to be?
North part of town and moderate price with wifi
How about [acorn guest house]?
Do they have free parking?
Yes they do have free parking. Do you need me to book you a room?
No, please get me their address and phone number.
They are on 154 chesterton road, postal is cb41da, phone number is 01223353888, can I help with anything else?
I was wondering whether there are any concerthalls in the east that I could check out.
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any concert halls in the east. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
How about a museum?
we have museums in the east quite a few actually how can I help you?
Just pick one.
Okay! How about [Cambridge Artworks]? Admission is free!
Sure, I can try that.
Ok great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode to that place?
The postcode for Cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, Have a great day!


Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train. I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.
Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday. Thank you for helping!
What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
[11 pm] and I want it for three people
TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG . Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.
We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range?


I'm looking for a [British] restaurant on the west side.
There are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with? There are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one.
Could you recommend one of the expensive ones?
[Graffiti] is on the west side of town, serves a wonderful British menu and falls in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. I need a booking for thursday at [17:00] for 8 people.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else, then?
Yes I need the reference number please.
The reference number is ZF7XHMYX .
Excellent. That is everything!
Great. Have a great day!


I'd like you to tell me about great [Indian] restaurants in the area. It's okay if they are expensive.
There are a total of 14 different expensive Indian restaurants located throughout the city. Is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in?
No. Choose one for me.
[Curry garden] has good reviews, would you like to book there?
Sure! Can you book a table for 8 people at [17:30] on Friday?
Sure. Your reference number is QLMRQ3H2 . Anything else?
Thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!


Hello, I need a hotel that's moderately priced, please.
Would you like me to book arbury lodge guesthouse
What is the star rating of the [arbury lodge]?
It has a four star rating. What else can I do for you?
I am really looking for one with a zero star rating. What do you have available.
[Cityroomz] is 0 stars and moderately priced. Do you need assistance booking a room today?
Could you please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Saturday. If 4 nights is not available, how about 2 nights. I also need the reference number.
We couldn't do 4 nights, but I do have you booked for two. Your reference number is L4N1ZRYO . Anything else I can do for you today?
I need a train on Sunday to Cambridge, please.
There are 202 trains, do you have a specific day time or departure in mind?
Yes. I need the train on Saturday also. It should leave Norwich and arrive by [8:45].
I have booked for you train TR4202. he total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PI9JS0X7 .


I need to book a train for Friday please.
Great. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive in the afternoon, please.
Where are you departing from?
There are two of us departing from kings lynn and we need to arrive by [16:45]. Can you book it for 2 people and send me the reference number?
I booked TR5331 for you. Your reference is GPFBA8K5 .
Can I also get information on [king's college].
Of course. King's College has a free entrance fee and is in the centre of town
What is the address?
adress is Kings Parade


I need a taxi to come to [gallery at twelve a high street] by [4:00].
Ok, where do you need to go?
I want to the gallery at twelve high street.
I'm sorry, can you confirm if you're leaving from or going to Gallery at Twelve a High Street?
I am departing from [the junction] and going to [gallery at twelve].
You'll be picked up at the junction, to gallery at twelve a high, by 4:00. Your auto is a grey skoda, contact number: 07355269466.
Okay thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Ok, thank you for contacting us and have a great day!


I am looking for an expensive [French] restaurant in town.
There are two expensive french restaurants, Cote in the center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Do you want further information on either of these?
Are there any other expensive french restaurants?
Those are the only two expensive french restaurants I have listed. Would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine?
Is there anything else?
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, could I have the phone number of [Cote]?
Sure, the phone number is 01223 311053.
Okay, I think that does it. Thanks for that.
Thank you goodbye


I'm looking for park in the east. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help. There is 1 park in the east, [Cherry Hinton Water Play]. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, can I have their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Indian] food in the east.
What price range? I have expensive and moderately priced.
I don't care, whichever one is supposed to have better food. I need a table for 1 at [12:30] on Thursday.
Okay I went ahead and booked you at the Curry Prince, which is moderately priced and your reference number is IG75ROGD .
Thank you. Can you arrange taxi service to take me from the park to [Curry] Price by [12:30] please?
Of course! Your booking is complete. The car type is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me get a taxi to the restaurant in time for the reservation?
Yes, it's been booked. The booked car is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Great thanks. Have a great day! goodbye
Will there be anything else?


I am looking for night Clubs in cambridge, any suggestion?
I have 6 nightclubs, 5 are in centre and 1 is in south. Would you like information on one of them?
Can I have the name, postcode, phone number, and address for the one in South?
Sure, it's called The Place, and is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg. The phone number is 0223324600. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay.
There are many fine places to stay in Cambridge. Let me help you find one that suits your needs. Would you prefer a hotel or a guest house?
I would like a guesthouse with a star of 4 in the moderate price range. I would like to be in the east.
a and b guest house has free internet also. Would you like me to book this?
I'm not ready to book yet. What is the phone number and is there free parking?
Ok, the phone number is 01223315702 and it does not have free parking. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.
Have a good day and contact us if you need anything else.


What does Cambridge offer so far as expensive, [German] restaurants?
There's no restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you like to change anything parameters?
Oh really? I was hoping to eat expensive German cuisine in the northern part of town.
Would you like to search for something else?
Is there any [asian oriental] restaurants in the north area?
Yes, there is one called [Saigon City]. Would you like more information?
I would like you to book it. 2 people [18:00] on Sunday.
Okay, you're all set! I have it booked for Sunday, 18:00, and for 2 people. Your reference number is LR4G3953 . Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed. Thank you!
You are welcome. Are you certain I can't help with a hotel or a train for you?
Yes, actually, I'm looking for a train. I'll need to depart from Cambridge after [20:00].
We have lots of those! Where are you traveling to?
I am going to Ely on Sunday.
What day will you be taking the train?
i want to travel on sunday. i need to leave cambridge at 20:00.
TR0537 leaves at 21:50 and arrives in 17 minutes. Do you want tickets for that?
I'm terrible at math. What time does that arrive?
The arrival time is 22:07.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling and have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


Hi, I need to catch a train after [14:15] on Thursday.
There is a train that departs cambridge and arrives at london kings cross on friday.
Oh, no, I need a train that leaves from Birmingham new street and go to Cambridge.
How about TR8121? It leaves at 14:40.
What time does it arrive?
It arrives in Cambridge at 17:23.
I'll need to know the price and travel time, and I am also looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
The cost is 75.10 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 163 minutes. As far as restaurants I have 5 available. Which type of food would you like?
[British] food would be my preference.
Unfortunately there are no British restaurants in the South in that price range. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Okay, how about [Chinese] food.
There are two with your preferences, The Good luck Chinese takeaway and Peking Restaraunt. Both are in the South, would you like me to book one of those?
No but can you give me the address, postcode and phone number for the [Peking Restaurant] please?
Sure. Peking Restaurant, 10 Homerton Street, City Centre cb28nx, Phone: 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I have all I need now. Have a good one. Bye.
Have a good day.


I am looking for a train departing out of Norwich to Cambridge, please.
Certainly. What day and time would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on friday after [08:15]
TR3293 will leave at 08:16 would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you book that for 5 people and give me a reference number?
Ok, I've booked 5 people on TR 3293. Your reference number is BBG39TVV and your total due is 88 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
I need a place to stay too.
How about guesthouses? Or would you prefer a hotel? How long is your stay and how many rooms?
We will need the guesthouse for 4 nights starting friday and will need 2 rooms. Thank you.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre is an excellent choice. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range of the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]?
The price range on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Would you like to book a room?
No, actually I need a hotel in the expensive price range.
I have no expensive guesthouses, but I do have the [University Arms Hotel] that is expensive in the centre of town, rated 4 stars with wifi and parking.
Could I get the postcode and phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Can I assist you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I need a place to stay in South of town.
Okay, do you have any price range you're looking for?
It doesn't matter on the pricing or about having free parking. I would like the hotel to be like a guesthouse.
[Aylesbray lodge guest house] fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
That won't be necessary thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually, could you book that for me? I've changed my mind.
That's fine. I'm here to help. For how many people and how many nights will that be?
The stay is for 4 of us for 3 nights.
What day would you like that reservation?
Friday, please, and for 3 nights. Thank you!
Booking was successful. Your reference number is PYDLXTII . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking that goes to cambridge that arrives by [20:00] and departs from stevenage.
OK, any date or time preferences?
Friday, and after 20:00.
TTR7278 leaves at 17:54 and arrives at 18:43, cost is 12.80 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, that would be wonderful. I would like a booking for 4 people, and the reference number, please.
I was able to book you for 4 tickets on train TR7278. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station.
Could I get the reference number?
The reference number is M8CQ8Y16 .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!
Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital it should have the [respiratory medicine] department
Their phone number is 01223256645.
can i also get the postcode and address
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge with the postcode CB20QQ. The main hospital phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you for the information. That's all I need.
Thank you for using our services.


Can you help me find some attractions in town?
Yes, I have many attractions available. What area of town would you like to be in?
Centre of town would be perfect.
I have 79 places in the centre. Is there a type you are interested in?
I would like [Korean] food and expensive. Can you send address?
little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. anything else for you today?
Can we go back to finding an attraction please? I need the address and the type. Anything in the centre area will work.
holy trinity church on market street is free to visit. People go there for the architecture.
Cool, thanks. Can you help me book a table at an expensive korean restaurant in the centre?
Yes, there is one option fitting your needs. It is [little seoul]. Do you want to book there?
Yes, for Saturday please.
I have begun your booking but need to know the time you would like to eat and how many people will be dining
book a table for 8 people at [18:15]
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P0DZWOUT . May I help with anything else ?
Yes, I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from [Holy Trinity Church].
I have booked a white skoda for you. The contact number is 07599401475.
Thanks! I feel ready for my trip now. I appreciate the help. Goodbye
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip.


Hi there! I need a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.
There are several. Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north of possible.
There are eight. What price range would you like? Moderate or cheap?
I would like a moderately priced hotel. I'd like to book it starting Wednesday for 5 nights for 2 people if possible. Can you help?
There are 7 moderately priced lodging accommodations to choose from, but they are all guesthouses rather than hotels. Would one of them do? The Archway House is very nice.
The [Archway House] would be fine. Can you book me a room for Wednesday for 2 people, 5 nights please?
I was successful in booking the Archway House. Your reference number is QEWQ8SSL . Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to eat. I'd like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [Halal] food. Can you check that out?
I'm sorry, we don't have any Halal restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
Are there any good restaurants near the hotel?
there are nine restaurants in the north.
Okay, I'm looking for something then that serves [Indian] food.
There are two options, The Nirala which is in the moderate price range and Royal Spice which is in the cheap price range.
The [Nirala] would be fine. I would like to book a table for the same day
How many people will be eating and for what time?
2 people at [11:30], please.
Your reservation for 2 at the [nirala] this wednesday at [11:30] was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 56DW8LTL .
thanks I need a cab to and from. I need to get at the restaurant on time
Booking completed! Your car is a red ford and the contact number is 07386738541.
Thanks for the help, goodbye.
You're welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.


I'm looking for a train departing from ely going to cambridge?
is there a day of the week you would like ?
Yes. I am looking for a train that's leaving on Wednesday after [19:30].
I have one leaving at 19:35 and arriving at 9:52 will this work for you?
This train sounds good, but wouldn't like to book yet. Can I get the train ID?
The number is TR032. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a place to stay
There are many great places to stay around town, what area did you have in mind?
I don't mind.
There are 33 options, so let's narrow it down. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for something expensive.
Okay. You have five options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or internet and parking preferences?
Nope. What's the address and price range for your favorite one? And do they offer internet?
I highly suggest The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield Road and is expensive.
I want to stay at a guesthouse with free parking, actually, if possible. Are there any that you can recommend for me, please?
Sorry there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. I do show there are 3 in the moderate price range. Would you like one of those?
Yes please, is there one in the North?
There are seven in the north area in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
I need any guesthouse in the north that includes free parking. Whatever one you reccomend will work just fine.
The Acorn Guest House offers everything you need. Their contact number is 01223353888. Do you need me to do the booking?
No, that is all i need, thank you.
Okay, if you think of anything else you need, then don't hesitate to give us a shout! But otherwise, goodbye and have a good trip!


I'm looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I need to arrive at [15:30].
There is a train leaving Friday at 13:59 that will get you to London Liverpool street at 15:27. Will this work for you?
No, I need one that leaves on Sunday.
If you'd like to go to London King's Cross, there are 104 trains that match your specifications. What time would you like to leave at?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street for 8 people.
Great, your reference number for the 8 tickets is: U9G8K0GF . Anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves [vietnamese] food in the west.
I found Thanh Binh they serve Vietnamese food in the west part of town.
I need a cheap place to eat, does that restaurant fit that criteria?
Yes, [Thanh Binh] is a cheap place to eat. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 at [11:30] on Sunday. And may I please have the reference number?
OK, your reservation is booked, your reference number is RQ5HR7PY .
Great thank you for your help that will be all
It's been a pleasure, thank you. Enjoy your visit!


i am looking for a train that leaves for bishops stortford on Wednesday
I'd love to help! What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by [13:30]
TR8224 arrives in Bishops Stortford by 12:07. Can I book a seat for you?
yes, please. For one
You are booked. The fee is 10.1 GBP. Your reference number is 73Z0FEHF . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay in the north.
There are many options for a place to stay in the north? Do you have a price range or any specific needs?
Yes, I would like free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.
There is an [acorn guest house] would you like me to book it.
Yes I would like to book that for the same day for 4 nights please starting from saturday.
I'm sorry, are you wanting to book the room for Wednesday or Saturday? You're train is booked for Wednesday.
I'd like to stay four nights starting from Saturday, please, for just me.
Your stay at the Acorn Guest House has been booked. Your reference number is 3SXCM6MR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks but that is all I need. Take care. Bye.
It was a pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train leaving broxbourne.
I can help with that! Your destination will be cambridge I presume, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Saturday.
There are hourly trains from 5:32 onward. Did you have a particular time of day in mind?
Yes I want to travel on a Saturday.
Where is your destination located?
I should have confirmed that I am indeed going to Cambridge.
Thank you for confirming that. One more detail: Did you have a particular time period in mind for your trip?
Yes. I want to arrive in Cambridge by [21:30].
TR7846 will get you into Cambridge by 10:32. Would you like me to book a seat on that for you?
No I don't need to book a seat, but can you tell me the departure time.
Of course. The departure time for that train is 09:32 with an arrival time of 10:32. It's a 60 minute ride. Anything else I can help with?
I need a place to go in town.
Did you have a specific place or area in mind?
The centre, please.
There are numerous places in the Centre, can you tell me what type if place or activity you would like to do and maybe we can narrow it down?
How about a zoo or art gallery?
I'm afraid we don't have a zoo, although if you like plants there is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. There are several galleries, such as Regency Gallery and Ruskin Gallery.
Are there entrance fees to these places?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are 4 pounds, and the Regency and Ruskin Galleries are free.
Please, I need the address and phone number for the Regency and [Ruskin] Galleries. Thanks.
The address for the regency gallery is 39 fitzroy street and the phone number is 01223365454. For ruskin gallery it's anglia ruskin university, east road, their number is 01245493131.
One more thing. Would you confirm the attraction type for the regency gallery and ruskin gallery?
The Ruskin Gallery is a museum. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
I need it to be in the north, and be an actual hotel and free parking.
i recommend [lovell lodge] which has a moderate price range. its located in 365 milton road, cb41sr. phone number 01223425478. can i book for you?
Please book for Saturday for 2 people.
I'm be happy to book that for you! How many nights shall I book for you?
Yes please, I'll need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Sunday
I'm sorry, are we booking for Sunday or Saturday? You mentioned both days.
Sunday and if that fails can we do Wednesday? I will need the reference number and looking for a restaurant in the same area in the cheap price range.
Booking was successful for sunday. Your reference number is U44ODKGT . Do you need help with anything else?
Are there any good cheap places to eat in the same area?
Yes we have Royal Spice which is an Indian Restaurant and Da Vinci Pizzeria which is Italian.
Can you book [royal spice] for the same group of people at [16:45] on the same day?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XVHT7ZTH . Is there anything else?
No that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
You are welcome. I can also help you arrange a taxi or train. I can suggest one of many diverse attractions. Are you interested?


I want to find a place to eat that serves [indian] food in the centre of town.
There are 9 restaurants that fit that description. Are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant?
Price range doesn't matter. Which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend?
I'd recoment the [Mahal of Cambridge]. It's inexpensive, and conveniently located. Would you like me to book you?
That sounds fine. Can you book for 4 people at [19:30] on sunday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look at another location?
Yes. Can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range?
How about the ghandi?
Ok lets try there.
Your all set. Reference number is HKBDRN69 . Anything else?
No thank you.
Okay. Thanks so much for calling. Enjoy your evening!


I need a place to dine in the center that serves [modern European] food.
We have 4 different places. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Can any of them accommodate a table of 3 at [19:00] on Sunday?
I was able to book [de luca cucina and bar] LPZ329U9
That's great. Thank you so much.
Glad I was able to help. Do you need anymore help today?
I would also like to find a 3 star hotel that includes parking. Can you help me with that?
Sure. The Gonville Hotel is located in the centre and the Lensfield Hotel is in the south. Would you like me to book a stay?
Yes please. I would prefer to stay in the center.
When would you like to check in at The [Gonville Hotel]?
I need it for four nights starting on Sunday for three people please.
Done! Your reference number is ISXF46BT . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
I can help! What kind of food are you looking for?
Still deciding, can I set up a train ride first? If would be from londons kings cross to cambridge, on saturday leaving after [11:00]AM.
The TR7309 leaves after 11:00. If you'd like to make a booking, I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like.
I need 4 tickets. How much will that be?
The tickets are each 18.88 so 75.52 in total
Ok. Can you complete the booking for 4 people and then give me the reference number?
I was able to book you. Your reference number is H9AGMLJM .
Yes, I would like to find a place to eat. Please find me a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. do you have a preference on cuisine?
Nothing specific, anything in the centre is fine.
May I recommend the very popular [Efes restaurant] serving [turkish] food in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds like a great place to eat. Can I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223500005 . Would you like me to call and make a booking for you?
No, thank you. That will be all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you!
you are very welcome. have a great day.
And you as well, You've been a great help!
Let us know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a place to eat in expensive price range that serves [Turkish] food.
I have the [Meze bar] restaurant in the centre of town, would that be good?
That sounds great, can you book a table for 3 for me?
Of course, when would you like that reservation?
Yes, for three people at [13:45] on Tuesday. Thanks!
Unfortunately there is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Let's try [12:45].
I was able to book you, your reference number is 0AK1Q2QD, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called the [cafe jello gallery], can I get their phone number please?
Cafe Jello Gallery's phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else we can do for you today?
Can you book me a taxi between those two locations?
I sure can! Which is your departure site (the restaurant or the gallery), and what time would you like the car?
I would like to arrive by [12:45] from [cafe jello gallery] to the [Meze Bar] Restaurant
Alright, I was able to book you a car to go from the Cafe Jello Gallery to the Meze Bar Restaurant where you will arrive by 12:45.
Great. Can i have the contact number and car type?
It is a black ford, and the contact number is 07140981001
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
you are welcome to use our services any time


Sure. I am looking for a restaurant near the centre of Cambridge.
What type of food are you looking for?
I am looking for [Eastern European] food.
I'm sorry, there aren't any Eastern European eateries in the centre. Can I check another part of town for you, or look for a different type of cuisine?
[Thai] food sounds good. Could you check for a restaurant again in the centre of Cambridge?
[Bangkok City] is an expensive thai place in the centre of town, would you like more info or a booking?
yes, i'd like the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called [The Man on the Moon]?
I found that attraction it is located at 2 norfolk street. The phone number is 01223474144.
What is the postcode and entrance fee?
The postcode is CB12IF and the entrance fee is unknown. Their phone number is 01223474144 if you would like to call them to find out.
Also, I want a taxi to commute between the two places.
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you want to get picked up at [Bangkok City] or from [The Man on the Moon]?
I want to get picked up from the attraction by [23:45] and taken to the restaurant. Please make the taxi booking and give me the relevant info
I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus and your contact number is 07308367931. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
I need an expensive restaurant with [Eastern European] food
Sorry don't have any eastern european restaurants.
Thanks for the help, that is all for today.
Is there another price range or different cuisine you might like information on?
I have reservations Bangkok City restaurant but forgot to get the address and postcode.
The address and postcode are 24 Green Street City Centre, CB23JX. Can I assist you any further today?
Thank you, that is all.
Have a wonderful time.


I need a place to stay that has free wifi. I don't need parking though. Thank you.
I have 32 locations offering free wifi. Do you have a particular area of town in mind?
a star of 1 and in the North part of town thank you
I do not have any hotel or guesthouse matching that description
Okay, can we try one with a star of four?
The [avalon] guesthouse is four starts and meets your needs, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. We will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights. There are 6 people in our party.
Booking was successful. Reference number is: M7X0176H . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a place to dine.
What type of cuisine are you looking for and what area of town?
I want a cheap [italian] place in the centre
There are three options to choose from. I recommend ask.
Okay, can you give me the phone number for [ask]?
The phone number at ask is 01223364917. Would you like me to make a reservation for that?
No that will be all thanks.
Okay, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!


I'm looking for somewhere to eat, that's moderately priced and in the city centre.
I have 21 different choices- did you have a type of food in mind?
No, I don't, actually. Surprise me with the type of food and give me the restaurant's address.
[The oak bistro] is an excellent choice for british food. The address is 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area as the restaurant?
I have lots of attractions in the centre of town. Can you tell me what type of attraction you would be interested in?
It doesn't matter, anywhere will do. And can you get me the address?
The [Cambridge Arts Theatre] is a popular attraction in the city centre. Does that sound good to you?
Yes can I get their address please?
The address of the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 6 Saint Edward's Passage, postcode cb23pj.
I also need a taxi.
Where would you like to go and what time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the restaurant by [09:15]. Please get me the contact number and car type.
Booking completed! The booked car type is a blue ford, and your contact number is 07629102425. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for everything, that is all that i need.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I need a train to Stevenage. I need to get there by [16:45].
I found 42 trains that arrive in stevenage. What day are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I'm traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.
TR7245 arrives closest to your requested time, it departs Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in stevenage at 16:10. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I'd like a booking for 2 people, please.
Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is VHB237PP . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel that includes free parking as well as free wifi.
I found 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I need one in the expensive price range.
Great, we have 5 options, express by holiday inn cambridge, gonville hotel, huntingdon marriott hotel, the lensfield hotel and university arms hotel. Can I book one of these for you?
Does the [university arms] have an availability for 3 nights for 2 people starting sunday?
Yes! I have booked a room for you at the university arms. Your reference number is JELU5HY6 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That should do it. Thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day too.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre


I am hoping to find an expensive place to dine out while I am visiting.
We have quite a few options available to you. Is there a particular cuisine you are interested in?
yes i would like [scandinavian] food
Unfortunately, there are not any expensive scandinavian restaurants in the area. How about another type of cuisine?
Eggrolls! They're good too - do you have any listings for [Chinese] restaurants?
I found one named ['the good luck chinese food takeaway'] located on 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Is it in the south? I need one that's in the south.
It is, as a matter of fact. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I would like a table there at [11:15]. We will have 8 people. I'll need the reference number.
For what day will this be for?
I would like the reservation for Tuesday please.
Your reference number is QA74KS8I . Have a good day.
I also need a place to stay.
I would be happy to help you with that! Can you specify what area you would like to stay in?
I'd like to be in the same area as the restaurant that we booked please.
I've found four different hotels in the south, all of which have free wifi and parking. Would you like it o be cheap, moderately priced, or expensive?
Something in the same range as the hotel please.
The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range, would you like to book a room there?
If the restaurant is a 3 star rating I will take it. Can I have the address and hotel type please?
The lensfield hotel is an expensive hotel in the south. The address for it is 53-57 lensfield road. What day would you like to book the room for?
I don't need to book it. Thanks for the help.
No problem at all! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
Okay have a great rest of your day!


Hey trying to locate a train that would leave on Wednesday and arrive in Cambridge.
There are many options. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from Bishops Stortford.
There are ten different trains to choose from. Do you have a specific time in mind?
I need to arrive by [15:15] and will need to book for 5 people.
Unfortunately no train matches you request. Would you like a different day and time?
What other days are there?
Sorry, I don't see any days for your search.
Maybe I confused you. Sorry. I need to leave Bishops Stortford on Wednesday, and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.
the TR4226 arrives at 14:07, would you like me to book 5 tickets for you?
Yes, please. May I get the reference number?
Your train has been booked. The total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is OWNJ1GL8 . Can I be of further assistance?
Please find a concerthall in the west for me.
The only concerthall in Cambridge is [The Man on the Moon], located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, just the entrance fee, postcode and phone number.
Their phone number is 01223474144 and postcode is cb12lf. Unfortunately there is no info on the entrance fee.
That's ok. I'll call for it. Thanks again. Bye for now.
Thanks and have a great day. Goodbye.


I need a trip going to Cambridge and arrive by [11:00]
Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Norwich
We have many trains that meet that criteria. Can you tell me what day you are looking to travel on?
Of course, I will be traveling on Tuesday.
There are five entries meeting your specifications! They leave every hour starting at 05:16 to 09:16. Which would you like?
Please pick one and book it for 8 people.
8 tickets are booked for TR4134 Norwich to Cambridge. Departing 9:16 arriving 10:35. Total fee is 140.8 GB payable at the station. Reference #X1F43YH3 . Anything else?
I am also looking for any colleges in town. Can you name me any?
We have 18 colleges in town. Did you have an area or entrance fee in mind?
Nah, not really. Can you just give me the postcode for your favorite one?
Christ's College is widely praised. Their postcode is cb23bu. Can I help with anything else today?
thats all i need thanks
The pleasure was all mine, have a great day!


Is there any place to go swimming here?
We have that! How about jesus green outdoor pool in the north. Sound fun?
That does sound fun, but I'm looking for a swimming pool in the east. May I please have the entrance fee and address for one?
[abbey pool and astroturf pitch] is in the east, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and the entrance fee isn't listed I'm afraid.
Do you have a phone number for them?
That I do: 01223902088.
I also need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge on Sunday. I need to arrive by [09:45].
TR8580 leaves 23:39 and costs 13.28 pounds.can we book?
What is the travel time?
The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I book seats? Is there anything else I can help you with today?


I'm hoping to find [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located at 53 Roseford Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.
The booking was unsuccessful. Is there another hotel you would like me to look into?
Yes can you find a different hotel in the same price range?
I am sorry there are no others in that price range in that area. Would another area be okay?
Yes, try another area, please.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] was able to be booked reference number is YUX0ZQKU .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our system today!


I need information on a restaurant called [saffron brasserie] please.
Absolutely. It is an indian restaurant located in the centre. It is in the expensive price range.
I would like to book a table for 5 people at [17:45] on Wednesday. Also could you give me the reference number?
I was able to book you a table at the restaurant. It will be reserved for no more than 15 minutes. Is there anything else i may help you with?
Yes I'll also need a place to stay as well as a reference number for my reservation.
There are several guesthouses/hotels that are available. What price range are you looking for?
I am not looking for a specific price range but I do need it to have free wifi and free parking.
There are 25 lodging options that have both free WIFI and parking, do you have an area in mind to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse on the east side of town.
There are 5 such places. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, I'll take the address for the first one listed.
Sure thing - The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! That'll be all for today!
Alright, have a nice day.


i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have 33 options for you, is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in?
i want [british] food
Fitzbillies restaurant serves british food in the centre area, would you like a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. I'll just need the phone and address please.
They're at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223352500. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you were great. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you for using our services.


Greetings. I'd like some information about [vue cinema].
The vue cinema is located in the centre of the city and the phone number is 08712240240.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb11ps. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for an [oriental] restaurant that is relatively cheap . Any suggestions?
[Dojo Noodle Bar], and [J Restaurant] are both located in the centre area. Would you like more info on either of these?
Yes I would love to hear about either.
Both are in the centre of town and in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address for [Dojo Noodle Bar]?
The phone number is 01223363471 and the address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Wonderful, now I will need a taxi to commute between the two. I want to leave the cinema by [20:45] to get to the restaurant.
Ok, not a problem! You will be looking for a yellow volkswagen and the taxis phone number is 07352155369.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is everything! Thank you for all your help!
Have a good day!


Hi there. Are there any colleges in the centre of town that you know of?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular one?
Not particularly, can you make a recommendation?
[Christ's college] is in the centre of town and has free admission.
Okay. Get me their phone number, address and postcode. Can you give me information on a restaurant called [The Gandhi]?
Christ's College phone number is 01223334900 and their address is saint andrew's street, cb23bu. The Gandhi is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town.
Can you please give me the phone number for The Gandhi?
The phone number for The Gandhi is 01223353942. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes. Can you please book a taxi between [The Gandhi] and [Christ's College]. I want to leave the restaurant by [08:45]
I've booked your taxi to leave the restaurant by 08:45. The car type is a white ford and the contact number is 07792703119
That is all I need. Thank you.
Perfect! I'm glad I could help you with your travel plans today.


I'm looking for somewhere fun to go in the west part of town.
We have an entertainment venue called [Whale of a Time] in the west.
That sounds good. What is their phone number, address, and entrance fee?
The phone number is 01954781018.
how much is admission?
The admission fee is not currently available, so you may want to call their box office.
looking for a train. The train should leave on tuesday and should leave after [19:00].
Okay, where are you headed and where are you departing from?
First can I get the address for Whale of a Time?
Sure, the address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
For the train, I am leaving Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.
TR5928 leaves Cambridge at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07, making it a 38 minute trip. It costs 10.10 pounds. Do you need me to book some seats for you?
Yes please. I would like one seat.
Okay. I booked you one seat on TR5928. The reference number is D42F8OSX and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Thank you for your help, that is all for now.
Thanks for choosing to stay in our city, enjoy the trip!


What attractions can you recommend in the centre?
We have lovely architecture. All saints church and holy trinity are quite nice
I love architecture. Can you please provide the phone number and postcode for [Holy Trinity]?
I can. The phone number is 01223355397. The postcode is cb23nz. Would you like more information?
I need some quick information on trains from cambridge to bishops stortford. What can you tell me?
Trains go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford every 2 hours at 29 past the hour. What day will you be traveling, and at what time of day?
I will need to go on Monday but I can't leave until after [09:30].
The first train out after 09:30 is TR7928, leaving at 11:29.
That is the arrival time and total travel time for TR7928.
it arrives at 12:07 and only a 38 minute ride
That will work perfect can you book that for me please?
How many people will be travelling?
Just myself. Please book me that train please.
Your reservation for 1 person on the TR7928 train was successful. Your Reference number is : KI1ILFP7 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you.
thank you and welcome to Cambridge
thanks too and goodbye
enjoy your stay


I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?
I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.
I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?
Yes try the north please.
how about [acorn guest house]? it's lovely
Is it available for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Friday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 98H31LT2 .
Thanks! I think that's all I need, but let me check with my wife.
OK. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Ah, she reminded me, I need a train to Cambridge that arrives by [17:45]. Can you recommend one, please?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.
The TR4351 from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday departs at 15:09 and arrives at 16:54. There are some that are earlier as well. Shall I book it for you?
I don't need it booked at this time. Thanks for the information.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No thanks, I don't need anything else right now. Have a great day though!
You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves [chinese] food?
[Charlie Chan] is a great cheap restaurant. Would you like me to book now?
Yes, please. For a party of 3 at [13:45] on Wednesday.
I apologize. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Are there any different restaurants in the same area and price range?
How about [Rice House]? That's a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices.
Sounds good. Book it please and I'll need the reference number.
Of course! You're booked with reference number CSL3V245 . May I help with anything else?
No, thank you very much for your help.
It was my pleasure. Let me know if I can ever help you with anything else.


I was just caught up in a disagreement with another motorist about a road accident and I am in need of some help!
The Parkside Police Station telephone number is 01223358966 and the address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.


I'm looking to book a train, if you could help me.
We can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
depart from stevenage and should arrive by [15:30].
I can certainly look that up for you, what is your destination?
cambridge on teusday. book for 7 people and please get me reference number.
I was able to book on train TR9263 for Tuesday leaving at 05:54 and arriving at 06:43. The total fee is 89.6 GBP and the reference number is 0QGD9JB5 .
Thank you I also need to find a college to go to.
Okay, I found 18 colleges all over town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down your options?
Whichever you recommend is great
I recommend [clare hall] located at herschel road and has free entrance.
What part of town is it in?
Clare Hall is in the west part of town. Do you need more information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the postcode?
The postcode is CB3 9AL. What else can I help you with?
That is everything thank you so much.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay, I'd prefer a hotel.
We have 9 hotels in town, do you have a side of town you'd like to stay on?
No, but I'd prefer a hotel in the expensive price range. I do not need free parking.
We have five expensive hotels around town, ranging from 3 star to 4 star.
Which one would you recommend?
I would recommend the [Lensfield Hotel]. It is a personal favorite. Would you like me to see what is available?
Okay, let's book it for two people for 5 nights starting Friday.
I couldn't get you a room at the Lensfield. Maybe a shorter stay or different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.
Okay I was able to book you into the [Gonville] and your reference number is : PVRV1EEJ .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay at the Gonville Hotel. Bye.


I would like to book at room at [alexander bed and breakfast]
Sure thing, just tell me what day you're arriving, how many days you're staying, and how many people are in your party, and I'd be happy to set that up.
Actually I just need a bit of information. What is the price range, star rating, and phone number?
It's a cheap 4 star guesthouse and the number is 01223525725.
Thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Yes, I'd like to book a taxi from [clare college].
When do you need to leave from Clare College?
It should arrive by [04:00] please.
Where is the destination?
I'm going to [sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway].
Booking completed! Booked car type is grey volkswagen and their contact number is 07125735231
thank you
you are welcome, goodbye.


I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
Yes. What time will you be departing?
I will be leaving Saturday morning at [08:45]
Is it Thursday or Saturday? And where is your destination?
Sorry for the confusion I need to get to peterborough Thursday night.
Okay, and what departure or arrival time did you need for Thursday?
I need to leave after [20:15]
The first train after 20:15 is the TR2178, leaving at 20:34.
That sounds perfect. Can you tell me the travel time, please?
The travel time is 50 minutes. May I book that for you?
Yes, I'd really appreciate that.
I was able to book a train for 1 on Thursday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving at 20:34. Your reference number is 9IP722K1
Perfect, thank you for your help!
Can I help you with anything further?
Nope, that's all. Thanks!
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.


I want to stay at a guest house, in the south.
Yes I have two in the moderate price range and on in the cheap price range, any preference?
I will need free internet.
They all have free internet. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. Please book 4 people for 5 nights starting thursday.
I was able to get a room for you at [aylesbray lodge]. Your reference number is bb07ctao . Anything else?
No that is all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
You too thank you! Goodbye.
If you need further help, let us know. Bye, thank you.


I am hoping to try some restaurants while in town but before that, I would like to go to a park.
We have several, in several different parts of town. I can recommend [Wandlebury Country Park] in the south. Would that suit you?
Yes, I think so. Let's try that. Can you tell me their address please?
The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Is there an entrance fee? I would also like a restaurant serving [Indian] food that is in the west. What can you recommend?
The park is free. There are several Indian places on the Westside. Do you have a price range you're looking for? Otherwise I'd suggest Tandoori Palace.
No, [Tandoori Palace] sounds good. Please book that for 3 people at [15:15] on Saturday.
I was able to book you a table for 3 at Tandoori Palace on Saturday at 15:15. Can I help you more today?
Can I have the reference number please?
The reference number is RGA0Z1UO . Can I help with anything else today? Perhaps a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places please.
Sure! when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need it to get me to the [Tandoori Palace] in time for my reservation. So [15:15]?
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07337861818. Anything else I can help with?
Nothing else. Thank you so much for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I am looking for Addengrookes Hospital.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge with Postcode CB20QQ.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if you need anything in the future.


I would like to see a college in the centre area of town.
I have 13 colleges. I like the emmanuel college but is there another one you had in mind?
[Emmanuel college] is fine. What's the address?
Emmanuel college is on saint andrew's street. It is free admission. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on Sunday.
Of course! So that I can better help you, can you give me the departure and destination cities you are considering?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street. I would also like to leave after [21:00].
I have TR1012, leaving at 21:01 and arriving at 23:44. Will that work for you?
It sure will if you can book 8 tickets for me.
Your booking was successful and your fee is 480.64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I get the reference number for the train please?
Of course! Your reference number is J4Y78RXR . May I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you for your help!
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town.
pizza hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at the east side of the city.
is there another one as well?
Yes there are 8 more. What type of food do you want?
Is there anything [British] available?
There is one restaurant serving British food on the east side of town. Their name is [Grafton Hotel Restaurant]. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address and postcode?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, in postal code C.B 5, 8 P.A. Would you like me to find any additional information?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for the info.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today.
Goodbye.
goodbye


I need help finding a train.
I can help with that. Where would you like to go?
bishops stortford and should leave [after 19:15] on sunday and go to cambridge
I have two trains on a Sunday matching those demands. One leaves at 21:07 and one leaves at 24:07. Any preference?
the 21:07 train please.
Train TR7879 will leave bishops stortford at 21:29 and arrive at cambridge by 22:07.
cool i need to tickets
OK, you have 2 tickets booked for a total of 16.16GBP. Your reference number is ASHITD7U . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, are there any museum that I should check out in the Centre area?
How about the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology] located at university of cambridge, downing street. Entrance fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
yeah, what's their phone number?
01223333516. Do you need anything else?
No that will be it, thanks!
Have a great visit!


Hi, I am looking for restaurant in the west, somewhere that serves [Northern European] food.
There are no restaurants that serve northern European food in that area, would you like to try another type of cuisine or look in a different area?
Let's Try [Mexican], anything for Mexican?
I can't find anything for Mexican either. Is there another location you'd like to look in?
How about an [Indian] restaurant?
Sure, I have tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant, meghna. Can I book a table for you at one of these?
No thank you, but can I have their address, phone number, and postcode?
Certainly, i can provide that info, Which restaurant would you like the info for?
The Maharajah Tandoon sounds perfect. Can I get the information for them?
the [maharajah tandoori restaurant] serves expensive indian food. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Their contact number is 01223358399. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can give me info on the [Hamilton Lodge]?
Sure the [Hamilton Lodge] is a Guesthouse on the north side of town. It's moderately priced and has full amenities. Does that suit your needs?
Yes. That sounds great. I'm also going to need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.
What time would you like to leave your hotel?
I need to leave by [4:15]. I would like to know what car type would pick me up and get a contact number for the driver.
The car is a red bmw. The contact number is: 07608942055.
Great. Thank you very much for you help. That is all I need today.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I would like a ticket to a train that arrives in Cambridge before [8:45am.]
There are 231 trains that arrive in Cambridge before 8:45, can you tell me where you want to depart from to narrow it down?
I'd like to depart from London kings cross
I can book you on train number TR4543. It departs at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 8:08.
I need the train to leave on Sunday.
Okay, I got one leaving at 5:17 and another at 7:17, do you have a preference?
[7:17] please. I would like to book for 8 people and i need the reference number. I would also like to book at [Bangkok City] restaurant.
I've booked the train. Your reference number is YRIP8V3C . For what day and time would you like the restaurant reservation?
I want to book the reservation the same day as my train at [13:30] for 8 people.
Unfortunately we cannot book at that time, could you choose another day or time please?
How about the same day at [12:30]? If that works, please send the reference number.
It works. The reference number is YRIP8V3C . Anything else I can do for you?
i would also like to book a reservation at bangkok city.
You would like an additional reservation at Bangkok city restaurant?
No, my mistake. Thank you.
okay is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you!
Okay! Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for your help.
Good day then.


Hi I'd like to book a taxi
Do you mean book a train?
I would like to book a table for 3 at [The Lucky Star] on Monday at [12:00].
This particular time is not available, do you have an alternative time or restaurant you'd like to try?
Could you try Monday at [11:00]?
The booking was successful your reference number is R7NXAOR7
Great! I do need a train, too. I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive at my destination by [9:45].
There are many results leaving from Cambridge, where is your destination?
The train should go to london liverpool street
Alright, what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling Tuesday.
ok i have one train that will get you there by 9.27 would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes please book for 3 people, I also need a reference number.
I have 3 tickets booked for you, the reference number is DRKY3X21 .
Thank you so much for your help today. I greatly appreciate it.
Okay, have a great day!


Hi I am looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range and also in the centre.
There are 21 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
How about you pick a place for me reserve a table for 7 at 17:00 on saturday please.
How about La Tasca serving Spanish food?
As long as [La Tasca] is located in the centre of town and is moderately priced. If it is, yes that would be great. I need a reservation.
Yes, it meets all your requirements. I am happy to reserve a table. For how many guests?
I need reservations for 7 people at [17:00] on Saturday. I also need the reference number. I need a train that leaves after [11:30] on Tuesday.
Your table is reserved, reference #SRYTU96A .
I will also need a train.
Right. Do you know the departure and destination stations you want?
Yes, I'm departing from cambridge heading to leicester
The TR7692 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I will need 7 tickets.
Booking is complete. Your reference# is QL902A4M and the total fee is 264.59 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all for today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


I am looking for an [indian] restaurant. I want this to be a special experience so expensive is preferred.
I have expensive Indian restaurants in almost every area of town. Where would you like to dine?
Any area of town is fine. I need to make my reservation for Tuesday so hopefully something is available.
How many people will be attending?
There will be 4 people attending.
And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to dine around [18:30] if that's possible.
I can book the [curry garden] in the centre area, is that ok?
Yes, please book. May I have the reference number?
You are booked for Tuesday at 18:30 for 4 people at Curry garden. The Reference number is 99h18L81 . Is there anything else i can do for you?
i also want to use a taxi
Ok, what what you like a taxi for?
To commute between the two places.
Sure! And what time preference do you have?
I need to arrive to the restaurant by [18:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant please. Could I get the contact number and car type please?
How man passengers?
I will be with 4 people.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I asked for a taxi please. I need to arrive at the restaurant by my booked time.
I can not book without a departure site. Which hotel are you departing from? You currently do not have one book and have not mention one.


Is the [travellers rest] restaurant still open?
It appears that they are open, but their number is 01223276182 to verify. Does that help?
Can I book a table for six people on Sunday? At [12:15]?
Reference number is : 7WXPZ42X . Anything else?
I also need to find a train from ely to cambridge.
Let me narrow down the choices. What day will you be traveling? And, what time do you want to arrive or depart?
I will be traveling on Sunday.
Alright I have 10 trains. Please tell me when you want to leave or arrive
I'd like to arrive by [08:15]. Please select the first option that comes up and book for 6 people, then send me the reference number
The booking was successful and your reference number is CKRJK7NI .
That is all I needed, thank you!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.
lad we could help, call back soon!


I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday. Can you book it for me?
Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [11:45].
I have train TR1819 that leaves at [10:32] and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?
The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.
There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
That sounds fine.
Which one would you be interested in? I recommend Worth House because it is 4 stars.
Actually, can you try a moderate price hotel in the north instead? Sorry for the trouble.
We have 11 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by stars, internet, or parking?
Yeah, I don't need internet. Other than that, could you just recoomend one that has a reasonable number of stars?
How about the [alpha-milton guest house]? It's in the north and moderately priced.
that will be fine. book it for me
How many people and for how many nights?
book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting from the same day.
I will book it for you now.
Thank you . I will also need the booking reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XML9YIR2 .
Great! Thank you that's all I needed!
I see the train was not booked. Would you like me to book it now?
Please do so, thank you. After that, I need a cheap hotel.
How many tickets in total would you like me to purchase for you on train TR1819?
I need it for 2 people.
Okay! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is AMA9OE5J .
Okay. Thank you so much for help.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


Can you help me find a swimmingpool in the south?
there aren't any in the south, would you like a different area?
No, please try for a park instead
[sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway] is there, would you like to visit them?
Yes may I have their phone number and address.
Their phone number is 01223302580 and the address is fen causeway, newnham road. Was there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'll need it to be [Chinese] and in the moderate price range.
I have about 4 places to choose from. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference on area?
how about you suggest one, area doesn't matter, I need a table for 1 at [15:15] friday and the reference number too please
I've booked you at [charlie chan] on Friday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : EHXD82T1 .
Great that is all I need. Thank you.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre.
There are quite a few options open to you. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to find a place serving [North American] cuisine.
I show the [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] available on Regent Street City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. Can you book a table for 4 on Saturday at [12:45]?
The reference number is E1KV4Y86 . May i please help you with something else.
I also need a train please.
What is the destination?
I am looking to travel to peterborough and arrive by [11:30]
I recommend train TR3596 it will get you there by 11:24 on Saturday. Want me to book it?
Yeah, please book it for the same group of people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G82GDIBP . Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that will be all.
Thank you, enjoy your stay.


where is the parkside police station
The Parkside police station in in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thank you. That helped a lot.
You're welcome. If you need to contact them through the phone, their number is 01223358966. Take care.


Can you locate the nearest police station?
Sure, it is in Parkside, Cambridge.
Can I have the pone number and address, please?
The police station phone number is 01223358966 and it is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Your Welcome. Goodbye.


I want to book the [Archway House] in Cambridge.
And what day would you like to check-in?
We'll be checking in on Monday and will be staying for 3 nights.
How people will be staying?
There will 6 people can you book it and send me the reference number?
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is B3HCU4VS .
I am also looking for entertainment in the centre of town.
There aren't any entertainment spots in the centre of town. Would you like to search for a different type of place or another area?
how about one that is in the type of college?
[Christ's college] is in the centre of town and their entrance fee is free. Would you like their information?
Yes, may I have their phone number and address please.
Of course. The phone number is 01223334900. The address is saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need! Thanks, bye!
You're welcome, glad I could help.


Hey, are there any interesting colleges in the city centre?
There are 13 colleges in the city centre. Do you need more information?
Could you give me the postcode and phone number of two of them that are popular tourist destinations?
Hughes Hall--postcode cb12ew. Their phone number is 01223334898. Saint Catharine's College--postcode cb21rl. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, are there any [British] places to eat at in the same area?
Yes, there are 7 of them. How about restaurant one seven?
That sounds good, is it in the moderate price range?
Yes it is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table now?
no, just give me the phone number
The cotto phone number is 01223302010.
That was all I needed. Thank you.
most welcome and have a great day
i really have to go. goodbye.
goodbye and thanks


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that's in a moderate price range. Do you have any recommendations?
For which day would you like the reservation?
This sunday at [15:45].
For how many people would the reservation need?
I need it for 4 people and I would like a confirmation number. Also, can you help me find a guesthouse hotel in the area with free parking?
Alright your reservation is at [Yippee Noodle Bar], 40428 King Street City. Confirmation number is 2BGIWWZ6 . I'm also showing an opening at Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Is that okay?
Does the hotel include free parking and does it happen to have a 0 star rating?
It has free parking with a 4 star rating
I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars
There are 2 guesthouses meeting your needs. One in the north and one in the centre of town. Which would you prefer?
I'd prefer the one in the centre of town .
That would be the [El Shaddai], would you like to book there?
That works okay. Can I get the price range and address?
The price range is cheap, and the address is 41 warkworth street.
Yes, please book that room for me.
Will this just be for you?
Can you let me know if El Shaddai has free wifi?
Yes it does.
Great. That's actually all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the centre of town. Any suggestions?
There are quite a few different options you can choose from. Is there any particular type of food you are in the mood for?
No, just somewhere I can get in on Friday, [11:45].
[Golden House] on 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre has Chinese cuisine and their price range is considered cheap. Would this be a suitable choice or would you like other options?
This works. Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:45 on Friday?
Unfortunately they are currently booked for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
What about [an hour earlier]?
I have reserved you a table for 8 at [10:45] on friday your reference number is 6R8D8J8P
Thank you. I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay at as well, are there any 4 star accommodations like that?
[Alexander] b &b would suit you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book me the room for Friday.
Unfortunately they do not have any rooms available on Friday. Would you like to try another guest house?
Is there another 4 star guest house we can try?
You didn't mention how many people and for how many nights you will need a room for, can I have the information?
I need the hotel for 3 nights and for 8 people.
Luck is with us tonight! I was able to book the [Alexander] on Friday for 3 nights and 8 people. The reference number is ZDT7PP0G . Would you like anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the hotel. Could you book one for me?
Sure, I can do that. Can you give me the time frame for the taxi?
I'd like to get from the hotel to the restaurant by [10:45].
Got you booked- black skoda phone 07407455573. Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all I needed today, thank you.
Great! Let us know if you need anything else.


Please find me a guesthouse that offers free parking
Sure, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
What can I get thats a 4 star?
There are quite a few. 16 to be exact. Are you looking for a certain price range or area?
I need a place that will have space for 6 people staying 4 nights starting from Wednesday.
The [acorn guest house] has availability for that time.
Yes. Please book it for me, in the perimeters I stated above.
okay your all set ref # is KWN1JAD4, anything else today?
I need a place to eat in the south and VERY expensive for 6 people on wed at [19:00]
Is there a certain type of food you'd like? The options are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Just pick a place (as long as it's expensive) on the south side and make the reservation and give me the reference number. After that, I'm going to need a taxi.
I have booked your party of 6 at the [Peking Restaurant]. You are booked for Wednesday at 19:00. Your reference number is 0Z92M9D7 .
Ill need to taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant by [19:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07463823856
You have been extremely helpful, thank you so much. I am all set. Have a nice day. Bye.
Thank you for using our system today!


Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves [world] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no foods in the centre that serve World Food. Would you like to try another area or a different type of food?
I would like a [gastropub] then if you have one open.
I would suggest The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]. Great food. It is located on Corn Exchange Street.
What is the price range?
It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, just give me the address
Sure, the address is on Corn Exchange Street, post code cb23qf. Can I do anything else for you today?
I do need to get from Stevenage to Cambridge on Saturday. I'd like to leave shortly after [09:45], if possible.
TR9024 leaves at 09:54, would that one work?
Yes, that would work out great. I need to book the trip for four people. Can I get a reference number too please?
Reference number is : 1QXKJN3D . Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a great day and goodbye!


Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.
Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.
I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after [12:15] please.
There are no trains that leave after 12:15.
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?
I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday
I was able to book you a room for 2 at [city centre north b and b], the reference number is 57F4S22N . Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now. Thanks for the assistance!
Okay great! Glad I could help.


I would like a moderate [european] place to eat.
I have found 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
Yes please go through them.
The first restaurant is the hotel du vin and bistro. Then there is the galleria, restaurant alimentum, [de luca cucina and bar], and riverside brasserie. Which one would you prefer?
I am not sure but I need to make the reservation for 8 people at [16:30] on Saturday.
I made a reservation at De Luca Cucina and Bar. The reference number 0PLZ0ISE .
Great, thanks! That's all for now. Bye!
Enjoy your meal.


I need to find a hospital in town please.
Certainly, Addenbrookes Hospital's telephone number is 01223245151. Is there anything I can do to help?
What is the address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode :CB20QQ. Do you need any other information?
Please give me the phone number.
The phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much.
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant named [Prezzo] in Cambridge.
The address to Prezzo is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for one on Thursday, [16:15]
Great! I have you booked - reference number 0Z1CRCLO . Please note - table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant heading to cambridge.
Sure, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I am looking to depart bishops stortford and need to arrive by [08:00]
I have five trains that arrive then, shall I book the train for you and if so for how many tickets?
Could you tell me the ticket prices for the train?
Sure. There is actually only one train available and it costs 10.10 pounds. Do you need a reservation?
Yes, could I please have the train ID and the estimated travel time?
The trainID is TR6270 and the travel duration is 38 minutes.
Ok can you book that for me, thanks!
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is D3VKUHBI . Thank you.
That is great. I think you have provided all the help I need today. Thank you.
You are welcome. If you ever need any other assistance, please contact us.
I will definitely keep that in mind!
Great. Have a nice day!


I'm looking for an expensive place to get some [British] food.
I have 6 expensive British restaurants for you. Do you have a specific area that's more convenient?
Any area is fine.
Great. How about [fitzbillies restaurant] in the centre?
postcode, phone number, and address please and thank you
The post code is cb21rg, the phone number is 01223352500 and this is the address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
Thank you, can I get info on hotels that are 4 stars and have wifi?
Certainly. There are two hotels on the west side and the university arms hotel in the centre of town.
Okay, how about the [University Arms Hotel].
That is available will you be needing a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Saturday. Please, I will need the reference number.
Got it. Here is your reference number : QGL24UOF .
Perfect, thank you. Finally, I need a taxi to go between Fitzbillies and the University Arms Hotel.
Will you be going to the hotel from the restaurant or vice versa? And I need to know when you want to leave or arrive by.
I will be going to the restaurant from the hotel.
Ok great, and what is your time preference?
Actually, I want to go from the restaurant to the hotel instead. I want to leave the restaurant by [17:15].
Ok, I have you booked in a yellow volkswagen and you can reach them at 07182852821. What else can I do for you today?
Great, thanks! That is everything I needed.
You're very welcome. Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


I'm involved in a minor traffic accident, and the other driver isn't being very cooperative.
Oh dear I am sorry to hear that. I can get you the phone number for Parkside Police Station if you would like?
yes, please. I need the address, postcode too.
The phone number is 01223358966 and they are located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you so much for your help. Bye now.
You are most welcome!


I'd like to find an attraction to visit, something on the west side.
I have 13 attractions on the west side. Do you know what type of attraction your interested in?
No, but you can give me the address to the first 3 attractions on the westside.
I have colleges: Churchill College on Storey's Way, Clare College on Trinity Lane, and Clare Hall on Herschel Road. Would you like another type of attraction?
No, can you please provide me with the address to [Clare College]? I am also looking for a cheap place to dine on the west side, cheaper price range.
Clare College is located on Trinity Lane. Okay, I'll find somewhere for you to dine. Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
I think I would like to get [Italian]. Do you have any located on the west side?
There is one cheap Italian eatery on the west side, called [La Margherita]. It's a wonderful place - would you like to make reservations?
Can I get the address, phone, and postcode please?
The address, phone, and postcode are 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, 01223315232, and cb30af. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel & the restaurant.
What time would you like to leave?
I can make my own dinner reservation. I just need the taxi to leave [Clare College] by [12:30].
Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I need to go to the restaurant.
It's booked! Do you need contact info?
Yes, and the type of car.
The car is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07137645677. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much. That's all for today. Goodbye.
I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town, please
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I don't care.
I recommend [Rajmahal]. They serve great Indian food. Would you like their contact information?
yes. I would like their address and phone number please.
Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 244955. Will that be all?
Yes. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the sytem.


Yes, I'd like to book three nights, for three people, at the [Worth House] hotel.
What day will you be checking in?
I would be arriving Sunday.
Ok. The booking was successful. Your reference number is M15ZT8QM .
Thank you. That's all I need.
You are welcome. Good bye.


I need a restaurant in the centre that serves [British] food.
I have about 7 different ones available. Are you looking for a certain price range?
Yes, cheap. I am not looking for anything expensive.
I'm so sorry, but they all fall into the moderate or expensive price ranges. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, I would be. Can you list out several of them for me so I can pick?
restaurant one seven is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and is moderately priced, the oak bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road and is also moderately priced
I apologize, disregard what was said before, I will actually just need the expensive british ones, in the centre area
fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. do any of those interest you?
[Fitzbillies] will be fine. Can I get the contact information, please?
Phone, 01223352500. Anything else?
I also need the postcode and address please.
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21rg.
thank you that will be all good bye
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I want to get train tickets for Monday please, leaving from Cambridge, if you would.
What time do you want to leave at on monday and where are you going to?
Hello I need to arrive at london kings cross no later than [16:45].
I have several trains that will get you there on time. What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference on leave time.
TR7075 cambridge london kings cross monday 05:00 05:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes
thank you. can i get the reference number please
How many tickets would you like?
I don't need to book any tickets. I'll need the departure time, travel time and train id if you could specify them instead of just sending numbers.
The TR7075 train leaves at 05:00 and takes 51 minutes to travel. Does that help?
Okay, I believe that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks. Nothing else.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a moderately price [British] restaurant.
I found 5 moderately priced British restaurants. Would you prefer the center or west part of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre.
I have found [The Oak Bistro]. It is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at [14:30] on saturday? I'll need the reference number.
I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is WAU3QQKF .
Can you hold the reservation for 30 minutes instead?
I'm sorry our system doesn't offer that choice, would you like the phone number?
No that's okay but I am looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant can you please help?
There are five hotels in the center of town that range from cheap to expensive. What kind of place are you looking for?
I am looking for an expensive hotel.
There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville and University Arms. Which would you prefer?
I am actually looking for a moderately priced hotel and I will need free wifi.
[Cityroomz] is the only hotel that fits that description, would this work for you?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book for 4 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please.
Ok, all booked, your reference number is M6OWA41B .
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to to from the hotel to the restaurant.
Ok, I've booked you a taxi from your hotel to your restaurant. It will get you there before your reservation time.
One last thing. May I have their contact number and car type please?
The contact number is 07171167823 and it is a yellow ford. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was it. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.


Yeah, hi. I could use some help finding something priced kind of moderately to stay at this weekend.
Certainly, we have many moderately priced hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I would like something north. I also need free WiFi.
That narrows it down a bit. Do you need free parking, or is there a particular star rating you'd like?
Free parking is great but not required. The star rating isn't important.
We have 10 listings but only 2 of them are hotels, rest are guesthouses. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need a place with room for a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Thursday.
All right, I've booked you a room at the [Avalon] guesthouse. The reference number is S6DQRXZ2 .
Awesome. That's all I needed. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.


I want to find a park to visit in town.
There are 5 parks around town. What part of town would you prefer to visit the park in?
I don't really care, just pick one and give me the phone number please.
The Milton Country Park has free admission. They are located on the North and the phone number is 01223420060.
Thanks! I also need help finding a train leaving friday arriving by [21:15].
I have train TR3342 ariving at 21:01.
I need to go to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.
TR5694 leaves at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52 giving you plenty of time. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please, a ticket for one, and may I also know the price?
Booked! The price is 10.1 pounds to be paid at the station. Reference number: 2CDCW6I7 .
Fantastic. Thank you very much for all of your assistance.
Thank you and have a good trip.


Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [Carribbean] food. Do you have any like that?
No, would you like to try a different type of food?
How about [indian] food?
There are a few restaurants that serve Indian food. What area would you like, and price range?
I'd like an expensive place.
I recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. Would you like me to book a table for you?
What is the postcode for that place?
The postcode is cb43le. You need anything else?
Yes i need a train going to stansted airport on friday.
When would you like to leave?
It should leave after [12:30] on friday.
Do you have a certain time you need to arrive by?
Does not matter when I arrive, whatever is closest to leaving at 12:30 but after, can you please book me for 7 and give me a reference number?
I have you booked on TR0188, leaving Cambridge at 12:40. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is BFK34XQC .
Thank you. That's all I need. Bye.
thanks for inquiring with us. have a great day


I'm looking for places to visit. I'd like to find any sports related attractions in the south.
I'm sorry, there aren't any sports attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another area?
Are there any entertainment attractions in that area?
there two entertainment attractions in that area the nusha and the tenpin. would you like the addresses for them?
Yes, I still need the address, postcode, and entrance fee for the Nusha, please.
Nusha is located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, postcode cb17dy. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. What else can I help you with?
I need a 4-star place to stay. I don't care about internet, but I do need free parking.
There are 19 entries that match your specifications. Do you need any more specifications?
Actually I do need free wifi.
Do you have any price preferences? Or area preferences?
I don't really care, I just need free parking and prefer 4 stars.
How about Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 Chersterton Road.
Can you try to book that for me for 6 people for 3 nights from Wednesday?
I was unable to book [Acorn Guest House] for you. Would you like to try a different hotel? Or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes, I'll shorten my stay. How about 1 night?
OK, I have you booked at the [Acorn] for 1 night! Your Reference number is GFSN1SHY . Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes actually. I will need a taxi to leave the hotel at [4:45] to head to the [Nusha].
Okay sure. I have booked that for you and your contact number for the driver is: 07195670404. A black Volkswagen will be picking you up.
Perfect! You've given me all of the information I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!


I have been hurt in an accident, can you provide the nearest hospital?
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hosipital. Would you like the address and phone number?
I need the postcode, thanks.
The post code is CB20QQ, Hilld RD Cambridge phone number 012232455151
That's all the info I needed today, thank you!
No problem. Goodbye!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from [pizza hut cherry] hinton and should arrive by 01:30.
Do you have a destination and time preference?
Yes, I want to book so I can get to [kohinoor] by [01:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red bmw Contact number : 07276200225
Thanks so much! I'm all set for my trip now! Bye!
Great, I'm so glad to have helped! Enjoy your day!


I'm looking for a place serving [spanish] food somewhere in town.
There are two spanish restaurants, both of which are in the town center. La raza is rated cheap, la tasca is rated moderately priced. Please choose one of those options.
I don't have a preference, please make a suggestion.
la raza serves spanish food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the cheap price range. Would you like more information for them?
I will go to [La Tasca]. What is their phone number?
La Tasca's phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at, somewhere in the North End of the Cambridge area.
There are 5 expensive restaurants on the north side of town. What type of food would you like?
Any type of food is fine. Can you book a table someplace that sounds good? I need a table for 4 on tuesday at [19:30].
I have booked you a table for 4 on Tuesday at 19:30 at [Saigon City], on the north end of Cambridge at 169 High Street Chesterton and your reference number is JARZR20Q if you need to contact them between now and then.
Thanks! I also need to book a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.
I have many trains leaving from Cambridge to London kings cross on Friday. What time would you like to book the train for?
Uuh... actually, I'm headed to norwich from cambridge on Wednesday.
Sorry about the confusion on that, what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after [12:00] please, what do you have available?
I have many different times available. The first one leaves at 12:26 followed by 13:36, 14:36, 15:36, and so forth until 23:36. Which time would you like best?
[12:26] should be okay can I please get the train ID and travel time?
I apologize see that the TR5574 leaves Cambridge for Norwich Wednesday at 12:36 and arrives at 13:55. Will that work for you?
Thank you for that information, that is all I need at this time.
I'm glad I was able to help! Thank you for using the Help Desk. Have a great day!


I'd like to find hotels in the cheap price range that offer free wifi.
There is one hotel that matches your search. It is the [cambridge belfry] in the west area. Can I book that for you?
No thank you, just the address and phone number please.
They are located on back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book it for me. 3 people, 4 nights, Sunday. Reference number, please.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1CU5LU5X . is there anything else i can help?
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to eat in the north. Same price range as my hotel.
There are 2 choices - would you prefer indian or Italian food?
I would prefer [italian].
[da vinci pizzeria] serves italian food it is in the north of town
OK, I will need to make a reservation for the same group of people at [12:45] on that same day.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : 7J5INWLY . Can I assist you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help.
It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.


I am looking for a restaurant called [curry garden].
it is a restrant that serves indian food located in the centre
Can you book a table for one at [12:30] on Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 59R6SV6W .
Thank you for the reservation. I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant. A train which arrives by [8:00].
I have several trains available. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge.
Thanks for the info, I found train ID TR8286 which departs at 6:48 and arrives by 7:38. Tickets cost 16.50 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yeah, just get 1 ticket please and tell me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : E6IHM34H, Any further questions?
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Thank you, have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.
I have several options for you. Do you prefer a specific type of food, or location?
I would like something in the center of town, please.
There are many restaurants that match your needs. Do you have any food preferences?
No preference, just need the address and phone number of the restaurant. Also I am needing a train from Cambridge, nee to leave after 12:15.
There are 110 different options. Might I suggest [Kymmoy]? The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223311911.
That sounds good, thanks. I also need to get from cambridge to kings lynn on saturday. I can leave anytime after [12:15].
I found 11trains, would a 13:11 departure work for you?
Yes, that would definitely work for me. Thanks.
Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes please, can I get the reference number for 4 people
Sure thing it's booked, reference is 7QF5EFOW . Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your trip.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north side of town.
What type of food does [Golden Wok] serve?
The Golden Wok serves Chinese food. Would you like more information?
Yes what is the address for the business?
They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Great. I have everything I need, Thank you
You're welconme


I need a cheap room, free parking.
I have 10 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I dont have a preferred area. It doesnt need to have internet.
How about the [Allenbell] in the east or the [alexander bed and breakfastin] the North? Both are guest houses. There's also the the cambridge belfry hotel in the West.
Any one of them will do. As long as it has free wifi please.
What night will you begin your stay and how many nights will you be staying?
I need to book a hotel for just myself. It will be for three nights starting from Tuesday.
I was able to book you at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number 3AUURSZJ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay Glad I could be of help.


Are there any trains leaving from Cambridge on Thursday?
Yes there are. What is your destination?
I'm heading to Broxbourne.
We have trains leaving hourly from Cambridge to Broxbourne, starting at 5:01 for 17.90 pounds. What time would you like to leave?
I am looking for one that will arrive by [15:00]
TR2125 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would also like the reference number for the booking please.
Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need that for 6 people.
You have 6 tickets on TR125 leaving Thursday at 9:01. Reference number is PPP9YI7K . 107.4 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I help you further?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you very much for your help!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a place that has [Chinese] food.
there are 17 chinese restaurants, do you prefer any price range or any area in town?
Yes, I'm looking for the address of one in the east part of town.
Yu Garden is a great, but expensive, Chinese restaurant. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye
Goodbye.


I want to book a train departing from bishops stortford.
What day and time do you want to leave bishops stortford?
I want to leave on Saturday, after [18:00]
The first train leaving after 18:00 is TR7734 departing at 19:29 and arriving by [20:07] in Cambridge. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, could I book 8 tickets for that train?
I have 8 train tickets ready with a total of 64.64 GBP and your reference number is TXEB3LHO . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive place to eat near the centre area.
There are several restaurants in the area that meet your criteria. What type of cuisine would you like?
Anywhere that has availability for 8 people at [21:00] on Saturday
Shall I try to book you at the [Bedouin]? It serves African cuisine.
ok, that sounds good.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 43DRAAAJ . Will that be all for today?
Yes that will be all. Thank you for all of your help!
Enjoy your trip and have a good day.


I am looking to go to a museum in the east part of Cambridge, can you help me find one?
How about cambridge artworks? It's on the east side and it's free admission.
That sounds good. What is the postcode?
The postcode for Cambridge Artworks is cb13ef. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm in need of a guesthouse. I'd like it to have three stars.
There are 4 guesthouses available, two in the north, one each in the south and west. Do you have a preference on area?
Yes, I'd prefer a moderate place in the south.
[Bridge guest house] is a guesthouse in the south in the moderate price range. It also has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
yes please for 7 people and for 3 nights starting Wednesday
Congratulations! Your hotel was booked with the reference number 89RKAN7M . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been great.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Please enjoy your stay and let us know if there's anything we can help you with in the future!


I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive in the north.
There are many to choose from. What type of cuisine would you prefer? Chinese, French, European, Oriental?
I think I'll try [Chinese].
There are two listings of chinese cuisine in the north area that are of a expensive price range. There is hakka and the hotpot.
[Hakka] sounds interesting. Can you book a table for 3 at [16:30] on Sunday please?
There are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different time or day?
How about [an hour earlier]?
Yes, the table was available for [15:30]. The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RRKZOI5C .
Can you find me an attraction in the same area, too?
There are four attractions in the north, are you interested in a park, boating or a swimming pool?
Any is fine. Could I get the postcode once you've found one?
The [Riverboat Georgina's] postcode is cb43ax.
Could you also get me a taxi to go between the two places, I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Booking completed. Your contact number is 07550175887 and the car type is a grey lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything that I need.
Okay great, have a good day.


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [cafe uno].
Caffe Uno? Excellent choice! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! There will be 7 of us dining on sunday
At what time would you like the reservation?
[16:15] seems like a good time.
I have booked the table for Sunday, the reference number is 1XGV4VGP . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed help with. Thanks a lot!
Awesome, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the restaurant!


Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.
What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.
Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.
There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?


I am looking for [ALexeander b&b].
Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
That location is perfect. Can you book it for me for 2 nights starting with Thursday. It would be for 5 people.
Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available during that time. Is there another hotel you would like to book?
No,lets try for next Friday ?
I'm sorry, the hotel is not available next Friday. Would you like to try another date or another property?
Another hotel then, same price range.
I was able to book [El Shaddai], reference number is E79RSOWR
Thank you so much!
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'd like to take a train from Cambridge at [quarter to 2].
There are trains departing from Cambridge going to ely at 1350 daily.
Great I need to get a ticket on Thursday going to birmingham new street
Great your booking is all set!
Can I get the Arrival Time and Train Please?
Train TR9360 arrives at 16:44.
Thank you for your help!
Have a great day, thank you for using our service.
Also, do you have a listing of any expensive restaurants that serve halal or [italian] dishes?
There are 5 expensive restaurants serving italian food, would you prefer town centre or in the south area?
Any area is fine, but can I get the phone number and address of one of your recommendations?
The number for Clowns Cafe is 01223355711 and the address is 54 King Street City Centre. Would you like the reference number for your train ticket?
I would like the area for this cafe please.
Clowns Cafe is located in the centre part of town. Was there any other information you needed. Or a reservation perhaps?
Great, that's all I needed for today. thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of swimming pool.
I'm sorry, there isn't a swimmingpool on the westside. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about somewhere else I can swim in town?
There are four options available. Two in the north, one in the east, and one in centre. Which would you like more information about?
No thanks. How about entertainment in the west?
[whale of a time] is an entertainent spot in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
The title sells itself, can I get the entrance fee please?
Unfortunately, the venue hasn't provided information on their entrance fee. Would you like me to check another venue?
Yes, and please provide an entrance fee.
There is no entrance fees listed for this type of entertainment. Whale of a Time has a phone number you could call for the fee? 01954781018
Well, I'm also looking for info on a hotel I heard about. It's called [limehouse].
Yes [Limehouse] is located in the north. The address is 78-80 milton road.
What type of hotel is it and do they have free parking and internet? I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by [10:15]. Contact and car type please.
It is a guesthouse with free parking and internet. Where is your destination?
I would like to go from the Lime house to the swimming pool.
Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please also give me its contact number and the car type.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey honda Contact number : 07844769694
thanks that's all i need
You're welcome, have a great day!


Help me find an expensive restaurant.
I would be happy to assist you. Is there an area of town that interests you?
No, but I'm looking for [Corsican] food.
I apologize, but I could not find a Corsican restaurant meeting your criteria. Would you like to try a different food type?
Yes can you check the same area for [chinese] food please?
I have many, what area were to looking to dine in?
The area does not matter. But try [European] food please?
I found 5 restaurants that serve European food all over Cambridge. I recommend the [city stop restaurant] on the North side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please for 7 people at [14:15] on friday.
I have a table booked for 7 people on friday at 14:15, your reference number is JCTPEZT9 . Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a train
Could you tell me your departure site and destination?
cambridge. by [13:30] and should go to broxbourne
Ok, do you have a day of the week you want to travel?
I need to travel on monday please.
Okay. There are 10 trains matching your query. TR9605 departs at 14:01. Would you like to make a booking for that train or hear about other options?
No, just get me the Train ID.
The train ID is TR 9605. Is there anything else you need?
That was all thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the west.
Yes I have many options for you. How about the Tandoori Palace?
That might work. What is the price range of Tandoori Palace?
It is an expensive restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No that's OK, but could you give me their address and postcode please.
Sure, it is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in the cb43le post code. Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that's all I need. Thanks!
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


What are some expensive [british] restaurants to dine at?
Sure, are you looking in a certain area?
Yeah, I'm looking in the north.
Unfortunately, there are no British restaurants in the north that are expensive. Would you like mt o look in another are or try a different cuisine?
How about expensive [French] restaurants in the north?
sure, there's one there called [restaurant two two].
Can you make me a reservation please and send the reference number?
Sure, when would you like the reservation for?
What times do they have available.
It would be easiest if you would pick a time.
Actually, I don't need to book a time right now, I just need the postcode and phone number for the time being.
Okay, the post code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in town. I think a college would be nice. Could you recommend one?
Sure, Christ's College would be a good choice. It's in the centre of town and does not have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can I also have their phone number and address?
Of course. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks!
I hope you have a great stay in town. Goodbye.


I need a train to Ely on Monday.
I can help you with that. Can you please tell me what station you would like to depart from?
I need to depart from cambridge after [21:45].
There are 2 trains making that trip. One leaves at 21:50, the next at 23:50. Would you like to book one of those trains?
Yes, I'd like to book the train that leaves at 21:50.
I would like to book the train leaving at 21:50.
Did the booking go through?
yes Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : T5GD6FIT
Great! Can you also help me find a place to dine in the centre area?
Sure thing! What kind of food are you looking for? What is the price you'd like to pay - Cheap, Moderate, or Expensive?
I'm looking for [European] food in the city's centre and in the expensive range. I need the address, postcode and the phone number.
How about [darrys cookhouse and wine shop]? Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln and phone number is 01223505015.
Thank you, that was quick expedient service. I am all set, hope you have a great day.
You're so welcome, enjoy your visit!


I am looking for a museum in town
We have 23 museums to pick from, are there any preferences?
Do you have a suggestion?
The [cafe jello gallery] is nice. It is in the west and free to get in?
Can I get the address for that please?
There is no listing for jelly, but I can book the attraction for you


I'm wondering if there are any boat attractions in town?
There are 4 boat attractions in town. What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter what area, I just need a phone number and postcode for one please.
I would recommend the riverboat georgina. The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train for Tuesday.
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave by [17:00]
Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No as long as it leaves any time after 13:00 for 6 please and I need the reference number
I have a number of trains available, what is your place of departure and your destination, please?
I am leaving from Ely and departing at [5].
Could you please retstate when you would like to leave and arrive by?
I'm so sorry. I need to leave Cambridge after [13:00] on Tuesday and I'm going to Ely. I need 6 tickets.
I booked you for 6 tickets on the 15:50 train that arrives in Ely at 16:07. your reference number for the journey is 3QK3PKJT .
Thank you for all your help!
I am glad I could help. Have a good day and a fun trip!
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby.
Find them at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
What is the phone number?
Addenbrookes Hospital's phone number is 01223245151. Do you need a specific hospital unit?
No I do not. Thank you for your help.
Glad I could help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a [polish] restaurant that is in the moderate price range.
Sorry, there are no polish restaurants in town. Perhaps you'd like to try a different type of food?
Could you find one that serves [spanish] food, instead?
Sure, we have la tasca, and la raza. Can I book one for you, if so for how many people and what date?
I will try [la tasca]. The booking is just for me on Monday at [15:30].
You have a table and it will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 42Z6AY64 . Can I be of further assistance?
I also need to find a place called [Byard Art].
What type of place is that?
It's an attraction in town. Can you find it by name? I just need their phone number and the cost.
Sure! The cost is free and their phone number is 01223464646.
Terrific! I also need a taxi that will get me from [Byard] to my restaurant by the reservation time, please.
I was able to book a grey lexus phone number is 07863299997
That's awesome. Thanks. I think that will do it for today. Goodbye.
you are welcome to use our services anytime.


am looking for a train,it should go to cambridge and should depart from norwich
What time and day are you looking to travel?
Yes, I would like travel on Monday and I would need to arrive by [08:30].
TrainID TR9020 leaves norwich on monday and arrives in cambridge at 06:35.
What is the price for the train?
The cost will be 17.60 pounds. Would you like more information about that?
What time does the train leave?
it leaves at 05:16
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Goodbye and thanks for using the help desk.


I want to go to a restaurant in the south of Cambridge that serves [Spanish] food.
There are no restaurants in the South that serve Spanish food. Would you like me to try another area?
Sure, what is the closest restaurant nearby?
I have one in the centre of town would that be okay?
I would prefer it to be in the south and be expensive.
I am very sorry, but the only Spanish restaurant I can locate is in the centre and has moderate price range. Can I give you more information on it?
Can you find me a cheaper place. The type of food doesn't matter.
The [dojo noodle bar] may be a good option for you.
Sounds good. Can I get the postcode please. Also, I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.
The postal code for the Dojo Noodle Bar is cb21rq.
The train I need would be departing from cambridge on thursday after [08:30] and arrive to peterborough.
Train TR4863 leaves at 8:34 and arrives by 9:24, would that work for you?
Yes, that would work out just fine. I need to book for 5 and get the reference number too. Thanks for your help!
Reference number is : IPBCT9UG . Is there anything else?
No that is all! Thank you!
Your very welcome. Have a nice day.
You too! I hope you have a great day. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
That hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Can you please provide me with the complete address for the hospital?
Hills Rd, Cambridge is the complete address. The postcode is CB20QQ.
That is all. Good bye.
Bye now. Have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve [french] food
There are none. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
How about a restaurant that serves [modern european] food?
[Restaurant alimentum] has gotten good reviews!
Great, I would like a reservation for 7 people on Friday at [19:00]. Please give me the reservation number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NCHJ21BD .
Thank you for your help
May I help you with anything else? Do you need a taxi?
No I'm good to go but thank you
Great, thank you for allowing me to help you today.


Find a train to leicester that arrives by [21:00].
From which departure site, please?
The train will be leaving Cambridge on Thursday.
There are 14 trains that fit your needs. The first leaves at 5:21 and the latest leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to get a ticket for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DMK0CENV . Do you need anything else?
I'd like information on a hotel called [warkworth house]
What information are you looking for specifically?
I need to book it for 4 people starting from saturday for 5 nights.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is FDIQHZAR . May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you, good day.


I would love to go to some place that has boats.
Sure, what part of town will you be in?
It doesn't matter.
I would recommend the [cambridge punter], located in the centre of town at 251a chesterton road. Do you need anything else?
Could I get the postcode, area and phone number? I also need information on a restaurant called [Sitar Tandoori].
They are in the centre. Postcode is cb41as. Phone number is 07807718591. Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east.
Can you book a table for me?
Yes, I can. Can you tell me what day for the reservation, how many guests and the time?
Actually don't book the table. just give me the phone number and the food type please.
it is 07807718591 and serves indin food
Thank you for booking that.
anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I'm good. Thank you for your time and don't work too hard. Bye!
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good night. Goodbye.


I need a four star room, free wifi too,
There are 21 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Any area is fine. However, I do require free parking and in a cheap price range, please.
The [Autumn House] would be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guesthouse on the east end of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Sunday please.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another option?
Okay, how about a different place to stay that's cheap?
I booked [the Alexander Bed and Breakfast] for you. Your reference number is TQ7XK6MP for your arrival on Sunday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thanks!
Would you like for me to book reservations for restaurants and museums?


Could you help me find an expensive [asian oriental] restaurant?
There are two restaurants. One located in the North area and Centre area. Which one would you prefer?
Let's go with the centre. I need a reservation for 2 at [13:30] on Thursday.
I am sorry there are no tables available,can I help you find another place to eat?
I need a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.
I could try Little Seoul, which is Korean, or possibly HK Fusion Chinese. If you want. Would you like me to?
Does the [HK Fusion] Chinese restaurant have availability on Thursday at 13:30?
Yes there is availability. I made a reservation for Thursday at 13:30 for 2. The reference number is CBZ1WPRF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks, bye.
Have a great day! Thank you for using our service


Can you help me find a place to dine?
Sure! What type of food would you like to eat in what area?
I would like some [North Indian] Food that is expensive, in the south.
We don't have any North Indian restaurants, though we do have many Indian restaurants.
[Indian] food would be fine then, can you tell me the name?
There are several Indian Restaurants, may I suggest The Golden Curry in the Centre. It sounds like just what you are looking for.
I was actually hoping for a restaurant in the south. Are there any available?
I found one called taj tandoori. Want more information?
More information please
It is expensive and in the south.
Can I get the postcode for that please?
Sure! The post code is cb17aa.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nightclub. I'll need the postcode, please?
The Ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I'll try that. What's the postcode please?
Their postcode is cb23na. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.
Thank you so much and you have a good night also.


I am trying to locate information about four star hotels in Cambridge.
There is a huntingdon marriott hotel here, kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to book?
No, I just need one that is in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the moderate price range, would you like to search for something else?
I need one in the south of town.
I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in the south part of town that have 4 stars. I do have a guesthouse that matches those parameters, would that do?
how about with 4 stars then?
Yes, there is one named Ayles Bray [Lodge Guest House]. Does that sound good?
Yes. I need to book it for 2 people starting Monday. And we will be staying for 5 nights. Do they have room to fit us in?
They do have a room available.
Can you book it please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZB5OQSQ5 . what else can i help you with today?
That's it. Thank you.
Do you need me to look up any more info?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I have already done that. The information is above.
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [international] food and needs to be in the same price range as the hotel.
[the varsity restaurant] is a lovely place, shall I reserve a table there for you?
No thank you, I would just like to get the postcode and phone number, please.
The phone number is 01223356060.
What's their postcode?
Their postcode is cb23ar.
Thank you. That will be all for now. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay.


Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse in the west. Do you have any recommendations?
I do. Finches Bed and Breakfast is a gem, rated 4 stars, but inexpensive in price. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Is that one considered moderately priced? I'd prefer moderate over cheap.
It seems that Finches is quite cheap. However, Hobson's House also fits your description, and it is moderately priced.
How many stars are they rated and could I get the phone number?
Finches bed and breakfast has 4 stars. It's phone number is 01223276653 and Hobsons house has 3 stars. It's phone number is 01223304906
Wonderful. I will book with Finches tomorrow. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.
Is there a specific day and time you are looking to depart?
No.I do not have a specific day or time for departure.
Well then the most I can tell you is the journey last 50 minutes and costs 16.50 pounds.
Actually I do now. I need it to leave on a Sunday and arrive by [16:30].
I found you the TR 3434 that leaves at 15:06 and arrives by 15:56. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes can you book two please?
TR3434 has been booked for two tickets. Your reference number is HCZPLE1G .
Thank you. That is all I need.
Have a great trip. Good bye.


I would like an expensive [Romanian] restaurant, please.
There are no restaurants serving Romanian food.
How about [korean] food?
[Little Seoul] is an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food.
What area is this in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address please
little seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby. the hospital should have a [neurology] department
Contact them at 01223274680
I need the address and postcode.
The address for [Addenbrookes Hospital] is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode: CB20QQ.
Can you please call a taxi to take me to the hospital?
Where would you be departing from?
I actually don't need a taxi. I'm all set. Thanks, goodbye.
You're very welcome. Feel free to call us back when you need. Goodbye.


i want information about attractions in the centre
How about [all saints church]? It has free admission.
Sounds interesting. What is their phone number?
The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me their postcode as well?
Sure. The postcode is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a really nice and expensive [chinese] place in town?
Okay! What area of town would you like to dine in?
I would like to be in the centre.
How about tang chinese? They are located at Napier Street City Centre.
Can you tell me their phone number?
Sure thing, here you go 01223357187
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I can help you with that. Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to go between [All Saints Church] and [Tang Chinese] by [2:30].
Let me find a taxi for you.
Any luck with the taxi yet?
Booking completed! Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07139106461
thanks thatnis it for today
Okay, no problem! I hope you have a great visit!


am looking for a train it should arrive by [18:30] and should go to peterborough
TR9859 cost 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
There are two trains that arrive in Peterborough by 18:30. What time are you planning to leave Cambridge?
I just need to arrive by 18:30 in peterborough the departure time doesn't matter.
TR8293 arrives at 17:56 and TR2913 arrives at 18:24. Would you like me to book tickets on one of them?
I need tickets for 8 people. Can you book and give me the reference number?
I booked TR 8293 and you reference number is EPABNNPD . Is there anything else?
No that is all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a train on Wednesday, to take me to Leicester.
Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to arrive by [17:45]
TR0677 will get you there by 7:06. How many seats will you need?
I will need 2 seats
Okay, I have booked 2 tickets for you! Reference number JCKUN8PK . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks! Can you help me with a restaurant that I'm looking for its called [dojo noodle bar].
It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and is cheap. Would you like reservations?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at [14:45] on the same day.
Great. I was able to do that are your reference number is QLKTYZDK ..
Perfect. Thank you very much. I think that is all I need today.
I'm happy to be of service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Where are some places in town around Cambridge College?
Please specify the type of attraction you're interested in.
A college type of attraction.
I found several college type attractions. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I don't have a preference. Can you suggest something?
I sure can. [Corpus Christi] is one of the most popular ones.
That sounds great! May I have the address? Also, what part of town is it located in?
The address is King's Parade and it is in the Centre of town. Is there anything else you need to know?
I am also looking for a particular restaurant. Have you heard of [Thanh Binh]?
Yes I have. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. Would you like their information?
Could I actually just book a table for 7 there?
Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to dine at [13:30] on Sunday please.
Reservations for 7 at the Thanh Binh has been made for Sunday at 13:30. The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre postcode is CB30af.


Can you find me a boat attraction in the north?
Riverboat georgina is available in the north.
Ok, great. Can you provide me with their address and phone number?
Address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the phone number is 01223902091.
Ok, I'm also looking for an inexpensive restaurant. One with [Indian] food.
I don't have any Indian restaurants in the South, but I do have 4 inexpensive Indian restaurants elsewhere - 3 in the centre and 1 in the north.
Can I get more information about the one in the north?
[Royal Spice] is a cheap indian restaurant. They are located on Victoria Avenue, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb41eh. You can reach them at 01733553355.
ok, i want to book a table there please
What day would you like those reservations?
I would like it for Tuesday for 6 people at [15:15].
success! Reference is XSUQLCNZ, anything else today?
That's what I needed for now. Thank you very much. Goodbye.
Enjoy your visit!


I am looking for information about trains going to Cambridge from Leicester on Friday.
Sure, when would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by [13:45].
TR3934 looks like your best choice and arrives at 12:54. Would you like for me to book your seats?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
I booked 2 seats on the train. Your reference number is W9IWMR5W . Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you find me a hotel in the west. Free parking, please.
There are two hotels that match your needs. One is expensive and one is cheap. Which would you like more information on?
Cheap please. Which one is that?
The [cambridge belfry] meets your criteria, shall I book it?
Yes. But I just realized that my sister-in-law and her three children will be coming, too. We'll need rooms for all of us, and train tickets for them.
Ok I rebooked your train tickets to get you 6 tickets. Reference number is VAR4DXWR . As for lodging, starting on what day and for how many days is your stay?
It will be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.
I have successfully booked you for 2 nights starting on Wednesday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is XZ7N2YSB . is there anything else you needed help with?
No, thank you! That will be it. Have a good day.
Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.


I need to get to Cambridge by [10:30], is it possible to do that by train?
Where are you leaving from? And what day do you need to leave?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Monday.
We have three trains arriving by 10:30. What time would you like to leave?
What time would I need to leave in order to arrive by 10:30?
I would say you should leave by 09:35
Ok can i get the train ID and price?
TR2987, fare is 4.40 pounds and your trip will be 17 minutes.
Great. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
There are many to choose from. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't have a preferred area, but I am looking for a hotel, not a guesthouse. Does that narrow it down?
Unfortunately there aren't any hotels that match that criteria. They are all guesthouses.
Ok, [a guesthouse] will have to do. How many choices do I have?
There are 11 choices. Picking an area of town will help to narrow it down.
Please pick the best option. I need a room for 8, for two nights and starting Monday.
Booking was successful for the a and b guest house. Your reference number is : 1HPJ1F1W . Do you require any further assistance?
Not, that is all I will need today. Thanks.
Is there anything else?
no that will be all thanks so much.
You're very welcome. Have a good day.


I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?
we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.
I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I do need a place to stay, so are there any 4 star hotels available?
I have 2 options - one is cheap and one is expensive. Which price range would you prefer?
cheap will work. can you book it for Wednesday? 1 person, 2 nights. I'll need the reference number too.
I was able to book a room at [Alexander bed and breakfast], your reference number is VWF48IZM . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart Cambridge after [14:15] and arrive in Norwich on friday.
TR8314 departs Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
YES PLEASE. FOR 1 PERSON.
1 ticket on TR8314 has been booked. Your total is 17.6 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : H0JS8RMF .
Thanks, that was all I needed today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.


Hello there, could you tell me where the Parkside Police Station is please?
That police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge
Thanks, I need the phone number, address and postcode.
Their telephone number is 01223358966 and they are located in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a 4-star place to stay, it doesn't need to include internet.
Sure, do you have any other preferences I can add to my search?
Yes expensive price range and free parking
May I suggest [University Arms Hotel]? It has free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Great. That will work.
Ok, the university arms hotel is on regent street. Do you want me to place a booking for you?
no. get me the address, area and post code.
Sorry about that, the University Arms Hotel is in the centre area and is located on Regent Street, CB21AD.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to eat in that same area, same price range as well.
My favorite expensive place in the center is The Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food, and it's fantastic.
I was thinking about [thai] food
The only Thai restaurant available is [Bangkok City]. Would you like to book a table?
yes for 7 at [17:45] wednesday and the ref # too please
Okay. I have booked you there and your reference number is ELTJLSVR .
Thank you. That is all I need.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Wonderful! What can I do to help you plan?
I need a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Monday. Are there any trains available?
We do have some trains, what time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after [14:00] and go to cambridge.
TR9202 would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
No thank you. Can you provide me with the arrival time, price, and train ID?
TR9202 costs 16.60 pounds per ticket and arrives by 17:07. Will that be all?
yes, book it please.
Can you tell me how many people will be travelling?
Actually, I don't need for you to book it, but I do need some suggestions for places to go in the west part of town. Any type of attraction.
How about the [cafe jello gallery]? It is in the west and it's free.
That would be great. What is the attraction type?
It is a museum, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!


Can you help me find some local tourist attractions?
Absolutely! Is there a certain type of attraction you're interested in visiting, or are you looking for something in a certain area?
I am interested in something in the centre of town. Are there any entertainment options there?
I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre. Can I look in a different area for you?
Are there any colleges I could check out?
I found 13. How about emmanuel college?
What do they have to offer ?
They have free admission and are located at saint andrew's street
Great. Can I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223334200. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a [barbeque] restaurant in the same area as the college.
I'm sorry there aren't any barbecue restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
how about [asian oriental] food
There are 4 Asian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer a cheap restaurant.
[dojo noodle bar] is a great cheap restaurant in the centre of town serving asian oriental food. Can i provide you more information or book it for you?
It sounds yummy. Please book a table for Saturday at [19:30] for 7 people.
Your are booked, reference number is 2DNBVG3Z, table is held for 15 minutes after booking time. Any further questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I am looking for a train departung after [8:30] from Ely.
I have found several trains that you can use. What is your destination?
The train should go to Cambridge on Tuesday
TR4669 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52. How does that sound?
Sounds great. Can you book 5 seats for me?
Yes, your booking was successful. Your reference number is RCJDH5J4
Thanks Can you help me find a hotel called the university aims no [university arms hotel].
I have a hotel called university arms hotel located in the centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, for 2 nights for 5 people on the same day
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZQ6OOE4Y
Thanks for all your help. That's all I need today.
It was my pleasure. Good day ma'am. Goodbye.


I'd like to find an attraction in the centre of town, please.
Of course! What type of attraction did you have in mind?
Do you have any swimming pools? I might want to go swimming.
[Parkside swimming pool] is in the cenre area. Will that work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can I get their address please?
The address is gonville place, phone number is 01223446100. I'm not showing if there is an entrance fee. Is there something else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a Guesthouse to stay in while visiting.
We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I would like free parking and free wifi.
That gives us about 21 options. Is there a price range you prefer so that we can narrow the choices down?
Not really. Please give me a recommendation
How about the [Artchway House] in the north? It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?
Success! Your reference number is PWUYRMWP . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi, can you help me. I need to leave the hotel by [4:15].
A white Ford will pick you up at the hotel at 4:15 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07909004029. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nah, you've been a great help mate. Thanks a million.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a good day.


What types of colleges are there around the centre
I have 13 colleges to choose from. May I suggest [christ's college]?
That is perfect, can I get the postcode please?
Christ's college's postcode is cb23bu. Would you also like their phone number or address?
can you tell me where [restaurant alimentum] is
Yes, it serves modern european cuisine and is located in the south area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need a table for 3 people at [16:45] on Wednesday.
Your reservation is all set, ref# E60EWJ8S . Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi, from the college to the restaurant.
I can definitely help you with that! I assume you would like to make it in time for that reservation, right?
Yes, I would. Can you give me the contact number and car type when you book that, please?
All set! Your car is a blue ford and the contact number is 07068268863.
Thank you so much. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy!


I would like a restaurant that serves [irish] food
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serving irish food in this town. Do you have another type of food in your mind?
How about [European] food in any price range?
I found 10 restaurants. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about the price as long as it's European. Can you recommend one?
[cambridge lodge restaurant] serves european food in the expensive price range.
May I have their address and phone number please?
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I would like to find a hotel in the east. Can you help me?
Sure, Express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east. Free internet & parking 2 stars. Phone number is 01223866800
I'd actually like to find a guesthouse in the east instead. I'd still like it to have free wifi.
I have about 6 different ones. Do you have a preference on price range? I have cheaper options and moderately priced ones.
The price does not matter. I would like it to be booked for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday.
I can book you into the [allenbell]. It is a cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
Great, let's try booking a room there.
The booking was unsuccessful do you have another choice?
Maybe just a one night stay then, try that.
Alright, I was successful in booking the Allenbell for Friday for 7 people at one night. Your reference code is 7D76ELJF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find me an expensive [British] restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
The [grafton hotel] restaurant sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please. Could you provide me with their postcode, phone number, and address as well?
What time on Friday would you like to reserve your table? Also, will it be the 7 people?
Actually, no need to book. I just need the postcode, phone number and address for the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Thanks.
It is located at [Grafton Hotel] 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Their phone number is 01223241387. Can I assist you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel at [18:30] to the restaurant.
Your booking is completed. Your car type is a blue bmw and contact number is 07515734744. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves [international] food.
We have two options available to you, would you like their names and addresses?
Yes and looking for moderate price range.
[The Varsity Restaurant] is located at 35 Sain Andrews Street in the centre, and Bloomsbury Restaurant is located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel at 20 Downing Street.
Can you book me a table for 1 person for Tuesday at [17:15] please?
Could not book. Do you want to try another time slot?
Can I book a table for [one hour earlier] instead?
I got you a table at the varsity at [16:15]. Reference number is Z8WGAYFN .
I am looking for a 3 star hotel doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 4 guest houses and 2 hotels. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.
The gonville hotel has wifi, it's in the centre. Does that sound good?
As long as it has a 3 star rating, please book the [Gonville Hotel] for me.
What day would you like to start your stay at Gonville? And how many days are you wanting to stay?
I need it for Tuesday for 5 nights for 1 person.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to arrange a stay at a different time?
Can you check to see if that hotel can be booked for 1 night instead?
The one night reservation was successful. Your reference number is AAWVSXC4
Thank you. That's all I need.
You're welcome. I am glad I could assist you.
You definitely did, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train. I need to leave Cambridge and I would like to arrive by [09:45].
Could you tell me your intended destination please?
I need to get to the Stansted Airport on Thursday.
I have four different trains that would get you to Stansted Airport by 9:45 on Thursday. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave, just so I arrive by 09:45.
How about TR7966? It leaves at 05:40?
Sure. can i just get the travel time and departure time please
Train TR2547 arrives at Stansted Airport Thursday at 8:08. Travel time is 28 minutes, and you would leave at 7:40. Can I book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Please let us know if there is anything else we can help with.


I am looking to book a train.
Certainly. May I ask where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave from the closest station to my location.
Could you tell me your location, which area of town or what business you are departing from?
We are leaving London Kings Cross and need to do so after [12:45] on Friday for 6 people and can I get the reference number for the booking?
To clarify, are you looking for a train to Cambridge? All Friday trains from London Kings Cross go to Cambridge.
I need to depart from London Kings Cross and go to Cambridge.
Booked! You leave at 13:17, your reference number is 3WICPFQP, you will pay 141.6 at the station.
Okay thank you. That is all I need.
Okay thank you for calling.


I'm in the city centre right now, and I'm really craving some [Indian] food. Can you help me find a place?
I can recommend several options, but it depends upon the price range you are looking for?
I'm looking for some good, cheap food.
There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants in the city centre: [Kohinoor], The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do any of these sound good?
Yes, wonderful book a table for 4 on [18:45] thursday at any one of those places.
They are all booked for that time frame. Would you like to try a different time?
Can you try [17:45]?
Your booking was successful at the kohinoor for thursday at 17:45. May I help you with anything else today?
Can I please get the reference number?
That would be T91T1IMX . What else can I help you with?
Thanks. I also need to find a train going to Cambridge on Thursday. I need to arrive by [9:15].
Sure, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne
I have the TR5496 arriving by 08:32. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I only need the train's departure time and travel time.
Okay. The TR5496 leaves Broxbourne at 07:32 and travels for 60 minutes, arriving in Cambridge at 08:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify that the train is departing on Thursday?
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
Good night to you too, and goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for a hotel called the [Acorn Guest House]. Could I get the address?
Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. It's a 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Great. I need to make a reservation starting on Saturday.
And how many nights would you like to stay?
5 nights starting from saturday.
And how many people will be staying?
6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
Your reservation for 5 people at the acorn guest house this saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ME1D0S58 .
Thanks so much. Can you tell me the address for a place called [Castle Galleries]?
The address for [Castle galleries] is Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street.
Great. I would like a taxi to pick me up there at [21:00].
Will you be heading to the hotel?
Yes, I would like to head to and from the attraction.
Alright, I have a red skoda scheduled to pick you up. The contact number is 07634294072. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should do it. Thanks much, goodbye!
Let us know if you need further help. Good bye.


Hello, I am looking for information on a train.
I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I'm headed to Cambridge from the Stansted Airport. Can you find information for Thursday please?
I found 19 trains what time do you want to leave the airport?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [14:45] so I will need to leave in time to get there by then.
There is a train that leaves at 5:24.
That won't work, I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 (2:45pm).
Since that won't work for you, I can get you on a train that leaves at 13:24 and will arrive by 13:52. Would you like me to book your seat?


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves [christmas] food.
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like something else instead?
how about [chinese]?
There are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town. do you have a price range preference?
I don't care about price.
Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address.
The address for [Peking Restaurant] is 10 Homerton street city centre. Is there any other information you require?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


I am looking for a train that can take me to bishops stortford leaving on thursday.
What time do you need to leave or arrive?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford before [09:15].
There are two early morning trains that will get you there by 9:15, with arrivals at 6:07 or 8:07. Would you like a ticket on one of those?
I will take the later arrival, and I just need 1 ticket. I also will need the reference number.
Booking was successful for TR2617 that arrives by 08:07, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : CA1AHDSD .
Could I also get information about places to go in the Town Centre?
said to skip
Can you tell me about attractions located in the centre of town?
Certainly, I have many architectural venues, also cinemas, colleges and some museums. Any preference for type of attraction?
A cinema works, could you pick one for me and provide the etrance fee, phone number, and confirm the attraction type?
Sure, Vue Cinema the phone number is 08712240240. I don't have the entrance fee information. And I do confirm that it is a Cinema type attraction.
Thank you for all your help today.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves [Mediterranean] food?
Sure thing! Where are you located?
I don't care what part of town the restaurant is in.
How about [shiraz] restaurant?
What is their phone number and post code?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 D.P and their phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal .


I am looking for a restaurant in the city's center that is in th cheap price range.
I have several restaurants matching that criteria. What type of food would you prefer?
I would like [Mediterranean] food please.
[The gardenia] fits that criteria would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you please reserve a table for 6 at [18:00] on Saturday?
Sure thing here is the ref number QB8LCY5R .
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Can you help me?
Definitely. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any area or price range will do. I just need free parking and wifi.
[Acorn Guesthouse] is nice do you want their info ?
Actually, could you book it for me for the same group of people for 3 nights?
Will you be arriving at the hotel before Saturday?
Please make the reservation for 3 nights starting Saturday, for 6 people.
Your booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Well yes obviously I need the reference number!
Ok. Your reference number is : NVCVMFHF . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all for today. Goodbye
Have a great day, goodbye!


i'm looking for a college to visit
We have 18 great colleges to choose from. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
In the centre please
I have 13 on the list, do you have any other preferences? Fees, no fees?
type of guesthouse and should be a star of 4
I would suggest this one [acorn guest house].
does it have free wifi?
Yes, it does! Shall I book you a room?
Yes please, for 5 people and 2 nights starting Sunday.
Your booking for 5 people at the acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FZ15JGCM .
Thank you, I will also need a taxi.
Sure thing! May I have the times you would need that taxi and also where you would like to be picked up for your ride to the lovely [Acorn Guest House]?
I would like to leave the hotel by [24:45]
I'll need to know your destination please
Oh, first I still need to pick a college in the centre to visit. Can you choose one to recommend and give me their address?
[Downing college] has wide appeal and it's free. Your destination address will be Regent Street and the postcode is cb21dq.
That sounds perfect. I will need the taxi for going between the two places. As well as the car type and contact number.
Booking completed! A grey skoda, their contact number is 07497699159. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you and enjoy your time in our lovely city!


I need a train leaving King's Lynn after [13:45].
What day will you be traveling?
This will be for wednesday.
There is TR9057 Which is at 9.80 pounds and takes 47 minutes. will you book that?
No thank you. I do not need to book right now.
you are welcome, enjoy your stay.


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called [nandos city centre].
sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Please do assist to book a table for 3 people for me for Friday dining by [13:45] and also let me have their address and phone number.
Your restaurant booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IH9ELVHA . Is there something more I can help with?
I also need a train
Okay, where will you be departing from and what is your destination please
I'll be leaving broxbourne and traveling to cambridge on friday. I must arrive by [10:30]
Tr5570 will be perfect. Shall I book it?
Yes, please and can you provide me a reference number?
How many people need train tickets?
I need the train for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station, Reference number is : GZWMON81 . Any further questions today?
Thanks that's all I need for the night.
Thank you very much and have a wonderful evening.


Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.
Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.
What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter as long as I can leave after [9:00].
I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?
There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.
Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?


Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of Cambridge.
We have three cheap and moderately priced guesthouses on the south end, or one expensive hotel.
I would like a moderately priced place to stay, please. Also, I absolutely need free parking wherever I am staying.
Could I recommend aylesbray lodge guest house or bridge guest house?
[Bridge guest house] sounds great. I would like to book it for seven people and two nights starting friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3D2YXAFF . What else can I assist you with today?
I am also looking for a Train departing Stevenage on Friday.
There are several trains that depart from Stevenage on Friday. What time of the day would you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave after [15:15].
There are 5 trains. The earliest matching your request leaves at 15:54 and arrives in cambridge by 16:43. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book tickets for 7 people on that train and absolutely do remember to send me the reference number too
Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is 9BT7493G . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Not a problem. Have a nice day!


I need some train schedule information, please.
Is there a specific destination you need to depart from?
Yes, the train should arrive by [18:15] and should depart from ely.
What is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge, please.
trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR8519 ely cambridge friday 05:35 05:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes TR8510 ely cambridge friday 07:35 07:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes TR3976 ely cambridge friday 09:35 09:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes TR0212 ely cambridge friday 11:35 11:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes TR0236 ely cambridge friday 13:35 13:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes there is a sample
Thanks, that's all I need.
Did you say you were leaving on Friday?
I need to leave on Thursday, not Friday.
I see. All right, I've adjusted that information for you.
That is all i needed.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a place to stay with 4 stars.
What area are you looking to stay in?
I'm looking to stay in the north please.
We have eight 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a specific price range or do you need certain amenities?
any can do as long it has a moderate price range
Okay I could recommend the [Acorn Guest House] that is moderately priced and rated 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Sounds good. I need it for 3 nights starting Friday. There are 6 of us.
I have successfully booked you at the acorn guest house for 3 nights starting on Friday. Your reference number is Z6DIM0YM . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge on Friday.
Where will you be departing from? I have a number of trains to choose from. What time would you like to leave?
I will be departing from Norwich and should arrive by [16:30].
TR4828 departs at [14:16] and arrives by 15:35. Would you like a ticket?
how much will that train cost me?
It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book this?
No, thank you. I'll call back when I'm ready to book. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hello. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves good [Chinese] food, preferable in the city centre. Can you help me locate one?
Of course! There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre. How about Charlie Chan? It's a cheap place on Regent Street.
Actually I would prefer something in the expensive range if possible.
[Tang chinese] looks good, would you like to try that?
Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
Tang Chinese is located on Napier Street City Centre, postcode cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
Great. Now I need an expensive place to stay with free wifi.
Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No area in specific, however I would like free parking as well
I can recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is located in the city centre
How many stars does that hotel have?
It has 4 stars.
Does it have free parking as well?
Yes it has free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you.
Well then, can I do anything else for you today?
No, I think that will be all today.
Thank you for calling! I hope you have a fantastic day!


I would like to book a taxi that should leave at [12:45] and depart from the [Museum of Classical Archaeology].
I can do that for you. Where would you like to be taken?
I'd like to be taken to the [Kirkwood House].
Ok, you're taxi is booked. A Grey Skoda will be picking you up at 12:45. The contact number is 07655027973. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is all thank you good day.
Thank you for using our system!


I need to find a train that leaves on Saturday and arrives by [08:45]
Can you tell me what your departure city and destination are?
I'll be leaving Cambridge to get to Ely.
TR5344 arrives by 7:50. Does that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 7?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station, you reference number is NUECBTHH . Will that be all?
Are there anything fun to do in city centre?
My favorite attraction in the centre of the city is a concert hall called [Man on the Moon]. It is amazing! They are at 2 Norfolk Street.
what is their postcode?
cb12lf. Is there anything else you need?
That's it. Thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


Hello, I am planning a trip to Cambridge. Can you help me with a restaurant?
Yes there are many types of food and price ranges in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for either?
No, just looking for a restaurant called [Restaurant two two]
They serve french food and are in the north and quite expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Yes...for 3 people on Tuesday at [11:15].
I have made the reservation and your reference number is 7PD27O8B .
I am also in need of a train leaving Cambridge.
Okay, what day and time would you like to travel and where is the destination?
Going to the sweet land of Stevenage, on tuesday. I need to get there by [17:00]
TR5343 leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and gets to Stevenage at 16:10. That's the last train of the day. Would you like to book a reservation?
No can I just get the price please?
Sure. The price for that train would be 12.80 pounds. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all for toady. Thanks !
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.


Hi I was just robbed... Can I get some help?
the nearest police stations number is 01223358966
Thank you, could you also give me the postcode?
The post code is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it, thanks.
Okay. Hope things get better. Goodbye.


Need a place to eat, [modern] euro food at the centre.
There are 4 Modern European places in the centre. Which price range is best for you?
If you could recommend the best one, that would be great.
I believe Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is popular. It is at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation?
ok great I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and should leave after [15:00]
Which day would you be traveling?
I'd like to arrive in Cambridge on Wednesday if possible.
Train TR5972 departs broxbourne on Wednesday at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Not at this time, thanks. But I appreciate the information. That's all for today. Thanks. Bye.
You're welcome, have a lovely day.


I am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town.
[The Missing Sock] serves cheap food in the east part of town.
can i have the phone and address ?
the address of the missing sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and phone number is 01223 812660
thank you for your help, good bye.
thank you very much, good bye.


I'm visiting the north side of Cambridge, can you help me find a hotel there?
We have a few 2 star hotels with free internet and parking. Can I get information on one of those?
Are there any 4 star?
I'm sorry no there is not. May I search gain with different criteria?
How about Guesthouse, instead?
Ah, there are a number of guesthouses with 4 stars in the north. Do you need free internet or parking?
Internet or parking doesn't matter. Which guesthouse do you recommend?
I recommend [Archway House]. They are located at 52 Gilbert Road in postcode CB43PE. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please. There will be 5 of us for 4 nights, starting on Monday.
You're all ready to go. Reference number is 3CM9X6CQ . Anything else I can help you with?
I would also like some help finding info on the [La Margherita] restaurant.
I will look that up for you.
It has been a few minutes and I swear I hear snoring on the other end, are you there? Can I get that info?
I've located LA Margherita. What information would you like about the restaurant?
I need to book it for the same group the same day at [20:00]
I was able to book it, reference number is 4IOG1MD6 .
Great. I was also interested in getting a taxi, can you help me with that?
Absolutely! From where to where?
I would like to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I'd like to be at the restaurant by the booked time.
Okay what time is that?
That time is [20:00].
Okay! I've booked you a white Ford. The contact number is 07081197533. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is OK for today
Okay, well if you think of anything else, you know where to find me! Otherwise, have a wonderful trip!


Please suggest me a [venetian] restaurant in the moderate price range .
I'm sorry. There is not a restaurant meeting those criteria. Would you like to try something else?
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves [gastropub] type of food?
There is one moderately priced gastropub in the town centre called The [Cow Pizza Kitchen And Bar].
Great! can you please give me the address and phone number?
the phone and address are 01223 308871 Corn Exchange Street
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day! Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a theatre to visit. Would you have any suggestions?
There are 5 theatres in town, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south, do you have a preference for area?
The one on the south side, please. Could you tell me it's postcode and if it has an entry fee?
The junction is in the south area. The postcode is cb17gx. The entrance fee is not listed. Would you like the phone number?
Unlisted! What a pain. Okay, I suppose give me the phone number, thanks.
Sure thing. The phone number is 01223511511. How else may I help you?
That's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day.


Please find me a good [Chinese] restaurant on the East side
I show one chinese restaurant in the east, [Yu Garden]. Shall I make reservations for you?
No at this time I would just like their postcode.
Okay, no problem! Their postcode is CB58PA. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, I want to find a hotel with free wifi.
Do you have an area you'd like to stay in? And what is your price range?
I would like to stay in the east. I do not have a price range.
The [carolina bed and breakfast] is a moderately prices hotel rated 4 stars.
Can you book a room for me?
Sure, what day and how many people?
Friday for 2 people. We'll be staying for just 2 nights
When will you be arriving?
friday and can I get the reference number too please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : D0OZC26N . Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you fax me the reference number, as well as any fees for additional amenities?
Sure, the reference number is D0OZC26N . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel at [08:45].
Ok, I have booked you a taxi, It is a yellow toyota and you may reach them at 07319585629. Is there anything else?
That is everything that I need.
thanks for inquiring with us
Ok. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
welcome anytime you need help


I want some information on the [university arms hotel] please
The university arms hotel is an expensive hotel in the centre with internet and parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I need rooms for 5 people for 5 nights, starting wednesday.
Unfortunately, the hotel is unavailable at that time. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Are there any listings for a moderately priced hotel in that area?
a and b guest house is moderately priceed.Would you like me to book you ?


[Caribbean] food in the east part of town. If no such place, [Indian].
I couldn't find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town. I will search for indian restaurants next.
Great! Did you find any [Indian] restaurants in the east part of town?
Yes, there are four options. Two are moderately priced and two are expensive. Do you have a preferred price range?
No.
the [curry prince] is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information for them?
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!


Hi, I just had a fight with someone regarding an automobile accident we had and I need to contact the police!
I have the parkside cambridge police telephone 01223358966.
Can I get the zip code or postal code for the area I'm in right now?
I'm not sure where you are, but the police postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you, Goodbye
always welcome. at your service


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of cambridge that is a museum
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Would you like specific information about any of them?
Great! Are there any without an entrance fee?
Yes, all of have free entrance, would you like more info on them?
Which would you recommend?
The [museum of archaeology and anthropology] is a popular site, would like their phone number or address?
Yes, that'd be great.
The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street with a postcode of cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
yes i am also looking for an expensive hotel
What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter.
There are 5 expensive hotels that I can recommend for you. Is there anything else you would like to narrow them down?
As long as it has free wifi it's good.
How about huntingdon marriott hotel? They are located in the west and have four stars.
Any three star locations? I'd like an expensive place too.
Yes in the south I have the [Lensfield Hotel]. Does that interest you?
Does it have free wifi?
It does include free wifi - would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you, could you give their full address?
Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything. Thanks very much!
Okay. Have a great stay!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the north with in expensive range.
Sure, is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
That does not matter, can you recommend one?
how about the [city stop restaurant]. it's european.
Can you get me their address and phone number?
Sure! Their address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
I also need a room. Four stars, free wifi.
What area are you looking for?
i want one in the same area as the restaurant
There are a number of options in the north. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I would want something moderately priced.
Okay, I recommend the [acorn guest house].
Great! Please book a room for Thursday-- 3 nights, 3 people.
You are all booked for the acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is 8EXVDFF3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today, good bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Do any trains leave broxbourne?
There are 133 leaving Broxbourne and arriving in Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I wanted to leave sometime after [18:15] on Friday.
TR7648 will depart at 18:32 on Friday, arriving in Cambridge by [19:32]. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please and can you send me the reference number. Thank you
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N4UPROAM .
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [european] food.
I have 2 options. There is the Galleria and the other is the Hotel du Vin and Bistro. Would you be needing a reservation at either of these?
I need one that is in the centre. Is either of those?
They both are! Would you like a reservation at one of them?
just make sure you get phone number, postcode, and address.
How many people will be dining and what time do you prefer?
Just for myself.
[Galleria] is in the center, phone number is 01223362054, post code is cb21uw and the address is 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.
Will you be coming in on Friday? and what time would you like the table booked for?
Actually, that will be all for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi.
I have 10 hotels that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, but it should be a 1 star establishment.
I'm sorry but all the cheap hotels with free wifi are either 0 or 4 stars? Would one of those options work for you?
Yes, lets go with 4 stars.
I found a 4 star hotel with free wifi would you like me to book it?
Yes for 8 people for 3 nights starting friday please.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look at one of the other hotels that meet your criteria
No thank you that will be all that I can think of .
Okay. Have a good day!
On second thought, would you look for another hotel in the cheap price range? Please book it and give me the reference number.
Booked at [worth house]. Reference number: DKEC3GVH .
That was great. Thank you goodbye!
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day! Good Bye.


I need to find the nearest hospital, I'm injured!
The nearest hospital is the Addenbrookes Hospital located on Hills Road, Cambridge.
Thanks, what is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all. I appreciate the help
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day.


I am new in town and I was wondering if you knew any good nightclubs or a hot spot similar to one nearby.
I have 6 local nightclubs listed. Five are located in he center area and one is in the south. Which are you interested in?
Five that are located in the center area.
The nightclubs in the center of town are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree, and the fez club.
Can I get the phone number and address of [Ballare]?
The phone number is 01223364222. The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. Can you book a hotel for the same evening?
Yes, would you like that to also be in the centre area?
Actually, I don't need a hotel. I do need a train to Ely on Sunday, though. I'll be leaving from Cambridge after [17:45].
The first train to leave after 17:45 leaves at 17:50. Would you like to me to book that for you?
Can I get the price, travel time, & arrival time?
3.52 pounds, it arrives at 18:07 after a 17 minute travel time. Is there anything else you need?
That is everything. Thank you for the help!
You are very welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I have found several. Would you like British, Indian, gastropub, or Chinese?
Is there anything else?
There are no other types of expensive restaurants in the east, would you like to try another area?
No, that's okay. What [Chinese] restaurants are there on the east side?
yu garden is on the east side, would you like the phone number?
Is there another chinese restaurant in the east?
Yu Garden is the only Chinese restaurant on the east side of town in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number for [Yu Garden]?
The phone number for Yu Garden is 01223 248882. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Goodbye.


I need a train ticket to Cambridge, sometime after [15:45] if you can find one.
There are over 600 trains to Cambridge that leave after 15:45. Can you tell me the day you're traveling and your departure station?
departure is sunday from ely.
I found four trains, one leaves at 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 or 23:35. Which would you like to book?
I'll book the one that leaves at 17:35. What time does the train arrive?
It arrives at 17:52. Shall I go ahead and book it for you?
No. I'm looking for a a [gastropub] restaurant in the centre.
There are 3 gastropubs in the centre. 2 are expensive the other is moderate. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Yes, I need one in the cheap price range please.
There are no gastropubs in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
Ok, how about one serving [italian] food?
Pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi cambridge all are italian restaurants in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book one?
Yes. Can you please book [Zizzi Cambridge] for 3 people at [21:00] on the same day, Sunday.
I have reserved a table for three at 21:00. The reference number is OUN5OI0K .
Finally. Thank you. Pizza Hut. I ate there when I was a kid. It's a long story. I wonder if this one has a jukebox.
That's an interesting question, but unfortunately I haven't that information. Is there anything else I can help you with, though?
No. Everything is perfect. Thank you for your time.
Thank you for using this system!


I would like for a taxi to take me to [london liverpool street train station], arriving no later than [17:45] please
I can book that for you, first I'll need to know where you'd like picked up at.
I would like to depart from [London Kings Cross Train Station].
A white Toyota is booked for you.
Excellent, can I get a contact number please?
Of course. The contact number is 07689939820. Can I help with anything further?
that's great. thanks
I would like a taxi to take me to London liverpool street train station
Thank you goodbye
Great! Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a hotel called [warkworth house]
Warkworth house is located at warkworth terrace cb11ee.
Do they have free internet?
Yes, they have free internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
No thanks. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.
There are many trains leaving cambridge on saturday. Can you tell me your destination and what time you would like to leave.
I am going to London Liverpool Street, I would like to arrive by [17:00].
Okay! How about the train that leaves at 13:59?
That train would be just fine. I need the train ID, price and depart time.
The train ID is TR2895 and the departure time is 05:59. Would you like me to book the ticket?
No, I'll just need the price, please?
Sure, the cost of the ticket is 13.28 pounds per person. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for all your help.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.
I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VZF6OEIK . anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge and heading to Stansted Airport. Can you please help?
Which day & what time are you heading to the airport?
I want a train for tuesday that departs after [09:30]
There are 15 trains available. Should I book a train for you?
Yes, please choose the earliest one after 09:30 and book it for 7 people. And don't forget to send the reference number!
Booking was successful for a train departing at 09:40. The reference number is NJ1GZ4Y0 . Will there be anything else today?
That is all I needed, good day to you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Can you tell me where the nearest police station is to me?
It is the Parkside Police Station located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Great, can you give me the post code and actual address?
The postcode is CB11JG and the address I have on file is just Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can help in the future.


I need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by [20:45].
What day are you traveling, and to which station?
I'll be traveling on wednesday, and I will be go to peterborough.
We have 30 such entries. Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
Any time is fine as long as I can book for four people. I also need the reference number, please.
Alright. I booked your train leaving Cambridge at 19:34 and arriving in Peterborough at 20:24. The reference number is A8T38EJZ .
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) with free wifi.
There are 9 different hotels that have free wifi that aren't guesthouses, do you have a price range in mind?
No particular price range but I would like it to be in the centre.
[Cityroomz] is a moderately priced hotel with internet. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work. Can I get the hotel's phone number?
Sure thing, their number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you for your help!
Okay. Call us back if you need me to book anything for you.
Thanks, have a good day.
You, too. Goodbye.


I'd like information about an attraction called [Williams Art and Antiques]. Can you help me with that?
Sure! It is a museum in the centre and is free to enter. The phone number is 01223311687. Is there any other information you would like?
No, thank you.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the museum!
I am also looking for a place to eat in the expensive price range that serves [chinese], can you help me with that too?
I have several choices for expensive Chinese food. Can I recommend tang chinese? It is in the centre of town.
That sounds perfect. Can you tell me their phone number?
Yes, it is 01223357187. Would you like me to make reservation?
Not at this time, but thank you. I appreciate your help.
No problem! I hope you enjoy your day!


