Do you have a train leaving on Sunday?
Thre are many. Where and when would you like to travel?
I want to go to Bishops Stratford and arrive by [8:15] in the evening, could you tell me the train options?
Do you want to arrive by 08:15 (morning) or 20:15 (evening)?
Arrival by [20:15] in the evening.
I have a train leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford by 20:07 will that train work?
Yes. I'm a big museum fan so now please find me a museum to visit in the Centre
Certainly! But first, did you want to secure passage on the TR6072, departing at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Could you provide the entrance fee and phone number?
how many tickets do you need for the train?
Just one ticket is fine. Now can you tell me about the museum?
Okay I've booked your train. Reference : OVNR0IHT . And, I have lots of museums in the centre. Do you need free admissoin?
Pick any and it does not matter. Please give me the fee cost and phone number once booked.
I suggest Castle Galleries. It has a free entrance fee and the contact number is 01223307402.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Well thank you for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a wonderful day!


Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the [Warkworth House].
The Warkworth house is a guesthouse on the east side located at warkworth terrace. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like help with anything else?
Perfect I would like to book it for 7 people
What nights would you like me to book it for?
We will arrive on Saturday and stay for four nights.
The booking was successful and your reference number is D786QB5S .
I also need a place to go. In the center, to do multiple sports
Unfortunately there are no sports attractions in the centre of town. Should I broaden your search?
How about a college instead?
I have 13 colleges. Would you like more info on any of them?
Surprise me, please. I just need their address, phone number, and entrance fee.
Gonville and Caius College is in centre. Phone is 01223332400. It's free to get in, and the address is trinity street. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Great. Thanks for letting us assist you today!


I'm looking for the information on a restaurant named [Rajmahal], could you provide me their info?
Sure. Their phone is 01223244955, postcode cb58rg, and address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book a table for 7 at [17:15] this Saturday?
Yes I have you booked for 7 people and your reference number is 1U0TF4XA .
Wonderful, thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for cheap food in the centre.
Sure I have Asian and Chinese restaurants and other options. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
I think I'd like [French] food please.
I'm sorry there are no cheap French restaurants in the central area.
What about an [Indian] restaurant?
There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants located in the centre. I would recommend the [Kohinoor]. Would you like to book a table?
Great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at [11:00] on tuesday.
I have reserved your table for 4. Your reference number is SSVF0E1R . Can I assist you with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to take me from [Mumford Theatre] to go to [Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop].
Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I need to get there by [24:45].
Your booking is complte, a grey lexus will pick you up. The contact number is 07486674737. Do you need any further assistance?
That was everything. Thanks!!
You are quite welcome. Thanks for using our services.


I need a restaurant that serves [Thai] food, that is expensive and is in Cambridge please
[Bangkok City] is located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their number is 01223354382
That sounds perfect. Can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at [3:15 pm] on Sunday? I need the reference number, as well.
I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 3CZFPQPV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Same price range as the restaurant and in the centre of town, please.
ok i found 2 hotels in that area gonville hotel and university arms hotel which one would you like
Can I get one that has free parking?
Both offer free parking. The [University Arms Hotel] has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Tell me what hotel type it is?
Both of them are in the same category of "Hotel"
Thanks, I would also like a taxi. I'll need one from the hotel to make it to my dinner reservation.
I booked a car for you, it's a white honda, the contact number is 07776292730. Did you want me to book you at the University Arms, or just the information?
No thanks. I can book it myself later on. Thank you for all your help. Have a good day. Bye.
Have a great day!


i need a place to dine in Cambridge with expensive [gastropub] food
We have three places, two in the center and one in the east, would you like more info or a booking on any of those?
i want one in the centre
The [Backstreet Bistro] would be an excellent choice. It's at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. I will book a table for you if you provide the party details.
book a table for 4 people at [12:00] on tuesday.
Reference number is : 65FUI2BA . May I assist you with anything else ?
Thank you. Can you help me find a nightclub also in the city Centre?
I found some night club in the center of town. Do you have preference for entrance fee?
Not really just close to the restaurant. Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?
its ok here is the address code V91275-45 thanks alot


I need a train to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.
I can help with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, and need to arrive by [08:30]
The TR1058 Leaves Cambridge at 7:00 and gets into London Kings Cross at 7:51. The cost is 23.60. Would you like to book it?
That won't be necessary, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I would like to see an attraction in the centre of town.
We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, please. Multiple sports would be great. If not, theatre is my second choice.
There are no multiple sports places, might i recommend mumford theatre?
No thank you that will be all
I have more theatre attractions if you're interested.
Yes please, can I have the names of some other theater attractions?
Does the Cambrdige [Corn Exchange] theatre in the center pique your interest?
That sounds interesting! Can I have their address, entrance fee, and phone number?
we are unsure of their entrance fee but their address is wheeler street and phone number is 01223357851
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your assistance.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I need info on attractions in the center of the town.
What type of attraction are you looking to attend?
I'm not sure. Can you recommend one for me?
I recommend [old school] architecture. it is located in trinity lane. can i give you the address?
Yes I would like the ostcode and phone number as well. Can you find a me a train departing cambridge on wednesday?
Old Schools, Trinity Lane, cb21tt. The phone number is 01223332320. As for the train, which station will you be traveling to?
I am going to Kings Lynn.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?


I am looking for a hotel called [a and b guest house].
That guest house is moderately priced and located in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they provide free parking and internet?
They have free internet offered but not parking.
That's fine I guess. I need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town, can you help me?
I show 33 expensive restaurants in the Centre area of town. Before we narrow down your restaurant selection, let's complete your reservation with A and B Guesthouse.
can i please get the address, postcode, and food type
Ok, I can book you at Bedouin - address is 100 Mill Rd City Centre, CB12BD and they serve African food.
Thank you that is all I needed today.
You're quite welcome, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I have 15 different restaurants matching your preferences, would you like a specific type of food?
No, any one will be fine. Will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?
The phone number to [J restaurant] is 01223307581.
Thank you! I'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.
How about [nusha]? It's in the south.
That sounds great. Can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?
I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to [Nusha].
Okay, what time would you like to arrive in Nusha?
No, I need a taxi from [Nusha] to the restaurant.
Okay, what time do you need the taxi for?
it should leave by [08:15]
I booked you a grey audi from nusha to j restaurant, to pick you up at 8:15. Contact number is 07366723589. Is there anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.
I hope you have a great stay. Goodbye.


I'd like to visit a museum in town. What can you suggest?
What area would you like to go to?
I have no preferences for area, can you just suggest a couple?
The cambridge contemporary art museum, and the scott polar museum are both free and in the centre.
Can you give me the address for the [scott polar museum]?
Sure! The address is lensfield road. Will that be all?
That's all the help I need today. Thanks for the help.
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
[Meghna] is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
yes, and the address and postcode please.
The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. The postcode is C.B 4, 3 L.F.
Perfect. Thanks for the information. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I need a place to eat with a moderate price.
Sure. Do you have any preferences as far as area of the city or cuisine type?
I really need it to be moderate in price and located in Centre please.
There are 21 moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Would British food interest you?
Yes, if you could get me the phone number and postcode, that would be nice.
Restaurant one seven postcode is cb21ab and phone is 01223337766. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also still looking for a hotel. Some kind of guesthouse, maybe? Although I do need access to parking and wifi.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre near the restaurant, it is 4 stars and in the cheap price range. They offer both internet and wifi.
that's cool, but how about something more moderately priced?
There is nothing matching that criteria in the moderate price range in the centre. Is it possible to modify your criteria?
The guest house does not need to be in the centre. Which part part of my criteria needs to be modified?
How about [acorn guest house]? It's in the north.
That sounds good, can I get a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
Okay, here we go. The Booking was successful. The reference number is RRET7JGM . Will that be all?
Yes thank you, thats all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip.


Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.
Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.
I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after [9:15]. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.
There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52. How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.
Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called [Hobsons House]?
Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?


I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel. Maybe you need a certain area of town?
Either would work for me. Just a decent room is all I really need. I'm going to be at a business conference in the north so maybe in that area.
I think the [ashley Hotel] best suites your needs, would you like me to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.
Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is : BBO5NVNF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
thank you for helping
You are so welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge.
Is there a specific time and destination you are traveling to?
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after [20:45]
There is a train that leaves at 21:00.
That sounds good. What is the arrival time and train ID? I'll also need the price of the ticket.
TR8387 Will arrive at 21:58. 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the information. I believe I have everything I need.
Okay glad I could help.


I will be in Cambridge during Bastille day, can you help me find a [French] themed restaurant in the centre?
Sure, there is a place called [Cote] there. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please for 3 people on Tuesday
What time will you be coming in?
[18:00] on tuesday.
I have made your reservation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 3 at Cote restaurant. Your reference number is YV2SMH6M .


Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of the city?
There are 44. Is there a certain type you prefer?
How about a museum?
I would recommend [castle galleries].
Yes, I would like that place. Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?
Castle Galleries is located at unite su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, 01223307402 and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you find a restaurant for me to eat at?
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I don't need to find a restaurant actually. I instead need a place to stay.
Do you need a hotel or guesthouse ?
Preferably a hotel if possible.
To help narrow down the results, what area or price range are you looking for?
Actually, type does not matter. But I want somewhere with 4 stars and wifi in the south please
The [aylesbray lodge guest house] is a great place to stay. Shall i book it for you ?
Does the hotel have free parking?
Yes, it has free parking
Great, can you get me the postcode, phone number and price range?
Yes, the postcode is cb17sr. The phone number is 01223240089 and its moderately priced.
As long as it has 4 stars, that is all I need today, thanks for your help.
Yes it does have 4 stars. Enjoy your travels!
Thank you, goodbye!
Good bye have a nice stay.


I'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. I want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre. Can you give some suggestions?
I have 2 wonderful hotels in that area. Both offer free internet and parking. I have the Gonville Hotel and the University Arms Hotel. How do these sound?
Is one of them a guesthouse?
No, they are both hotel types.
I really need a guesthouse can you find one for me please?
Would you like me to try to search in a different area for a guesthouse for you?
No, I'd like one in the centre. I could change it to a cheaper price though.
There is none under that criteria,do you want to try a different area


Hi! I need a train to London Liverpool Street. I need an early one, arriving there by [8:30].
I have 14 trains that will arrive before that time, is there a particular day you'd like?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.
I have no trains leaving at that time on Wednesday. Could you pick a different time or date?
You have no trains departing Cambridge to london liverpool street on Wednesday that will arrive by 8:30?
Oh wait I have found you one that departs at 5:59 and arrives in London at 7:27. would that do? Everything else is later.
Yes that is fine. How long is the journey and how much is the ticket by the way?
It will be 88 minutes and the price is 16.60 pounds. Shall I book a ticket?
Yes book me a ticket please.
No problem, your ticket is booked. The reference number is 69URTU8A .
Thank you, that's all I needed today.
Great! Have a wonderful time! Goodbye!


I am looking for a train to cambridge leaving on Sunday.
May I please have where you are departing from?
I am departing from Leicester and need to leave after [8:45].
Two trains leave after 8:45, TR1079 leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54, and TR1744 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, there are also 3 other trains that leave later.
Great I'll take TR1079 for two people please give me the reference number.
Great, your reservation is booked, your reference number is N7MG5RD7 and the total cost is 60.48 GBP
Great. I'm also looking to book that for two people. Also, I'm interested in places around town. Any parks in the south area?
There are 2 parks in the south area. Both are free.
Can I get the phone numbers for both please?
Absolutely you can! Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway can be reached at 01223302580 and you can dial 01223243830 to get in touch with Wandlebury Country Park.
Can I please get the entrance fee for the Lammas Land Park?
The entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. You've been very helpful! Thank you.
You are most welcome please let us know if we can help you in the future.


I need an expensive restaurant in west Cambridge.
We have several to choose from. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I want [Indian] food.
I have 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like to try [Tandoori Palace]? Its located at 68 Histon Road Chesteron.
Sure, can I get a reservation for Sunday at [16:15]? I will need a table for 3.
I will book that for you. Would you like the phone number in case you change your mind?
No I just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on Sunday at 16:15.
Sure. The reference number is CBAGG03S and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else today?
I would like a place to stay
There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for area, price range, type, or star rating?
In terms of type, I want a hotel. And I'd like 4 stars and wifi as well, with a location in the south
There are two places that meet your search criteria. Did you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter. Do they have free parking?
Yes as a matter of fact they do.
Do they have free wifi also?
Yes, both the establishments offer free internet as well.
Give me the address and phone number for the one you most recommend
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is the one I recommend. It's address is 53 Roseford Road and it's phone number is 01223512596
Do they offer free parking?
Yes, they do offer free parking. Can I book a room for you?
No thank you. I have all the info I need.
Will you need a taxi to get to tandoori palace? I can help with that.
No I am good! I do not need a taxi.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No I believe we have got everything done. Goodbye.
Happy to help. Have a great day.


I'm looking to book a particular hotel today. Could you help me?
I sure can. We have 33 hotels and guesthouses to choose from. Is there anything specific you need from the hotel/guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. Is that on your list?
Yes, the address is 144 thorton road and they can be reached at 01223276653. Anything else?
Do they have free parking and what type of hotel is it?
It is a guesthouse and it does have free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm also looking for attractions in center and free entrance.
We have 25 attractions in the centre with free entry. Do you have a preference for what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Not really, pick the one you think would be best for a tourist.
I would recommend the [primavera] museum, would you like more info?
Is there an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Would you like me to look up anything else for you?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to get between the two places.
what time would you like to leave the [finches bed and breakfast]?
Actually, I want to go from [Primavera] to the hotel, please.
What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to leave the attraction by [9:15].
You will be picked up by a red ford. Your contact number is 07926020669. May I help with something else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.


I am looking for information on the [Scott Polar Museum].
Scott Polar Museum is in the centre. Phone number is 01223336540. Postcode is cb21er, address is lensfield road and entrance fee is free. Anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you very much.
My pleasure, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Sorry, I had another concern. I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [17:15]
Where will you be departing from and do you have a particular day you wish to leave?
I want to depart Wednesday from Norwich
There are several options meeting your criteria. What time would you prefer to depart?
It doesn't matter. I just need the travel time, departure time, and train ID.
TR0033 is the latest train that meets your requirements and leaves norwich at 15:16. If you want to catch an earlier train, they depart hourly. Anything else I can do?
That will be all for now.Thank you very much
You are very welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre! We appreciate your business, have a great a day.
Thank you for your help!
Have a great day.


I need a place to stay in the east
What pricerange are you looking for in your hotel?
I would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 4 stars and free wifi.
I have 3 results in the moderate price range. Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking. I would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning Tuesday. Can you do that?
Not a problem, would the [A and B Guest House] work for you?
Yes, please book it. I need a reference number. I also need to book a train leaving after [13:15] on Tuesday.
What days are you planning on staying and how many people will be staying?
1 person and 3 nights starting tuesday please.
It's all booked, reference number is 22HE1KCU
Thank you I also need a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday
There are 2828 trains can you tell me where you would be leaving from and your destination?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from broxbourne.
The following train is available: TR8199 Broxbourne to Cambridge on Tuesday at 13:32 arriving at 14:32. This will cost 17.89GBP. Would you like to reserve this?
Yes please. Just one ticket and could I get the reference number pleases?
Yes, I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 2DATSODP .
Ok, great! Thanks for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.
I am glad that I could help. Have a good day!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you prefer indian, italian or british food?
I have no preference. Can I get the phone number and address of one?
meghna serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the west part of town, its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton. is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I needed.
thank you, goodbye


I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [italian] food and should be in the expensive price range.
Okay. Do you want to dine in a specific area?
I am looking in the centre of town.
We have 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town. Two are in Market Hill City Centre. Shall I just pick one for you?
Yes, surprise me please! it's for 8 people at [16:30] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful at [don pasquale pizzeria]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OYESLS03 . Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you so much! Have a nice day
You are welcome. Have a nice day as well. Good bye.


Can you help me find a train from kings lynn?
the next train from kings lynn is Friday 5:11 to Cambridge
Do you have any that would arrive at [17:45], leaving tuesday instead?
Yes, there are 12 trains that fit that criteria. Do you have a desired departure time?
Whatever gets me there as close to 17:45 as possible. Can you book it for 7 people please? Reference number and train ID would also be lovely.
All booked! Your train ID is TR8177 and the reference number is ZDTM4B8N . You will be arriving at 16:58.
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?
Sure, what are you interested in seeing?
I am looking for some type of entertainment.
There's the [Funky Fun House] on the east side of town, does that sound ok?
That sounds great, may I have the postcode, phone number and area of town it is in?
Funky fun house is located in the east side of town, address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate postcode cb58hy, phone 01223304705. Is there anything else needed?
Thank you so much. That is all.
You're quite welcome. Have a good day!


I'm looking for a [Chinese] restaurant please. Or one that serves Chinese food.
What area of town would you like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like to be in the centre of town.
Jinling noodle bar is in the centre area serving Chinese in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
I want something expensive.
I think you would enjoy [ugly duckling]. Want more information?
Could you make a reservation for 3 people at [15:15] on Saturday and provide the reference number? Also looking for a theatre in the same area.
I made a reservation for your party of 3 at the Ugly duckling for Saturday at 15:15. Your reference is PEZ07FH7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a theater.
There are 4 options, but i personally recommend [the cambridge corn exchange], would you like more info?
Yes more info and adress and is there any fee's ?
Ok, their address is Wheeler Street.
And i there an entrance fee?
I do not know you can call 01223357851 and find out. I suspect it varies based on day and time so calling would be best.
That's great I will call them, thank you.
No problem, are you all set or is there anything else that hasn't been covered yet?
No thanks. You covered everything. Have a good night. Bye.
Enjoy your dinner.


I would like to book a Taxi to [Junction], leaving after [02:45]
I can book you leaving after 2:45 to Junction. Where are you departing from?
from [alexander bed and breakfast]
I was able to book a black Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07558038365. Can I help you with anything else?
Nah, that'll be all, thank you.
Happy to be of service - have a great day!


I need to catch a train that departs from Leicester after [18:30].
We have 35 trains taking that route, what day of the week will you need that?
I would like to leave on tuesday.
TR8632 leaves at 19:09. Want to book it?
Yes, please. I'll need a booking for 6 and the reference number.
Just to be certain, book 6 train tickets to cambridge from Leicester on tuesday at 19:09, correct?
Yes, that is correct
Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is M3UVOLVXD . The total fee of 226.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay that's a guesthouse.
What price range would you like?
cheap, but i still need free wifi.
There are 9 that meet those requirements, was there an area you wanted to stay in?
What's the best one of those options? I need it for 4 nights.
I would suggest the [alexander bed and breakfast], it has a 4 star rating, free parking and internet and it is in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. For 5 nights for the same group of people.
What day would you like that on?
Tuesday please. Thanks
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is W7DGP5W4 . Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you very much.
Thank you for using our service today.


Hi, I'm looking for information on the [Riverboat Georgina]. Could you provide me with any details?
Would you like to know the boat's area, phone number, postcode, or address?
I need the address and phone number, please.
The address for Riverboat Georgina is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like to find information on a restaurant called [the Hotpot].
hot Pot is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
I want a table for 2 people at [12:30] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : V7IS3L5F .
Thank you!
You're welcome.


I need a train that leaves from cambridge.
There are several, do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, kings lynn.
There are 133 trains that travel from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Do you have a departure day or time in mind?
Yes, I would like to leave no later than [17:00].
Is there a specific time you need to arrive by?
I want to leave on Monday after 18:45 instead and I will need the price and train ID.
Train Id is TR9226 and leaves at 11:00


I'm looking for a hotel in East Cambridge.
I have 7 results. 6 guesthouse and 1 hotel. Would you like to narrow it down by price.
Sure, is there anything in the cheap price range?
I have 3 that are cheap, the Allenbell, Autumn House, and the Leverton house. Do you want to pick one and I will book it for you?
It isn't important that the hotel have free parking.
All of them have free parking. Would you like me to book you at the allenbell?
Could you please tell me the star of the hotel?
The allenbell has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
That would be great!
Okay, what day would you like to book for? I also need to know your length of stay and how many people will be in your group.
I actually don't need to book. Could you just just give me the star rating, postcode and phone number please.
The Allenbell has 4 stars, its postcode is cb13js, and their phone number is 01223210353. Can I help with anything else today?
That is all I needed, thank you.
Thank you! We are always here to assist you.


I am looking for attractions in the town centre
Are you interested in architecture? It is free to visit [all saints church].
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223452587. Do you need any other information about it?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you.
Good by and have a nice stay.


I need somewhere to stay. Should have free parking and free wifi
What area of town and what is your price range?
The centre of town and with a moderate price range. Nothing too expensive.
What day do you need your reservation and for how many people and how long will you stay?
I don't need to make a reservation. I am just looking for information on a hotel. Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the North?
There are 6 hotels in the north part of the city that fall in the moderate price range, have free wifi and parking, and have 4 stars. Any other specifications?
I'm not looking to book yet, can you tell me their price ranges?
They're all in the moderate price range.
I need one near a swimmingpool.
There are two Swimming pools in the north. There are no hotels with 4 stars, moderate price range, internet and free wifi. Would you like to change your search?
I guess I'll change my price range. Are there any expensive hotels with all the amenities that I'd like along with free parking?
Unfortunately, I do not have any that are in the expensive range. I have several 4-star moderately priced hotels or can I look for something else for you?
On the swimming pool, what's the phone number and entrance fee?
Please pick a pool first; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Let's go with [Kings Hedges Learner Pool].
Their phone number is 01223353248. As for entrance fee, I don't have the information to provide to you. I apologize.
That's ok. I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. I want to leave the pool by [02:15].
We will have to know which hotel you are staying at first before booking a taxi.
Okay. Is there a hotel close to Kings Hedges Learner Pool that has free parking and wifi? I would prefer a four star location in the north.
There are seven that meet those requirements. Might I suggest the Acorn Guest House? I've heard it's quite nice.
What is the price range for the [Acorn guest house]?
The price there is moderate.
Thank you! I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the area.
There are two swimming pools in the north, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference between the two?
Kings Hedges Learner Pool will still be fine. I'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the [Acorn Guest House].
Great! I have a yellow toyota picking you up at 02:15. The contact number is 07441551293. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thank you for the help!
No problem at all. Have a great day.


I want to find [Kettle's Yard] located in Cambridge.
it is located in castle street and got free entrance. can i give you the contacts?
Yes I would like all the contact info please.
Their number is 01223748100 .They are located on Castle Street and their postcode is cb30aq
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?
There is no entry fee.
I also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 2.
What side of town would you like to be on?
The area doesn't matter. What would you recommend?
I have 3. The 2 in the north are moderate priced and the one in the east is expensive. Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you give me the phone numbers for them?
Okay, the number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. The number for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 01223866800, and the number for Lovell Lodge is 01223425478.
Okay thanks. That was all I needed to know for now.
thank you and enjoy your stay!


Looking for a museum with free entrance fees.
I can certainly help with that.
Oh, gosh. My daughter doesn't like the sound of that. She wants to explore the city. Can you help me find a train?
Yes, when were you planing on visiting and from where?
I'll be traveling from Leicester to Cambridge on Tuesday.
There are 19 trains that day, do you have a time you'd like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by [10:00]. How long will the trip be?
The trip takes 105 minutes. I have one arriving at 09:54.
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 4 star hotel but cheap.
I have a few 4 star hotels in the city that are cheap. Do you have a preference for the area?
Can you give me the address and postcode of one?
56 saint barnabas road postcode ce12de alexander bed and breakfast
Thank you for all your information.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
nope that's it thanks
Ok great. Have a wonderful day.


Can you find me a [Chinese] restaurant?
There are 17 Chinese restaurants in town. What area of town are you interested in and what is your pricerange?
I would like for it to be in the centre. Price does not matter. I need a reservation for 8 at [11:15] on Saturday. Reference number after booking is complete.
You are booked for [charlie chan] for Saturday at 11:15. Reference number is 77TIE1S5 .
Thanks a lot. I would also like for some places to go in town, how about a museum in the same area?
We have 11 museums in the town centre. I enjoy the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]. Would you like information on it?
Please! Can you also provide the address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to jot it down in case I get lost!
The address is university of cambridge, downing street. The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


Hi there, I've heard of something fun to do in the city called [Nusha] but I'm not sure where it is. Can you help me figure out how to get there?
Nusha is an entertainment venue on the south side of town. Would you like their address and/or contact information?
No, I am familiar with the south side. Thanks for your help. That is all I really need to know. Bye.
Ok. Have a good day!
Oh, wait, can you help me find a train to Cambridge?
Sure! Where are you coming from, what day are you coming, and what time do you want to get here?
I'm leaving on Tuesday anytime after [14:45] and I'm coming from Ely.
TR9420 will leave at 15:35 if that works for you.
What is the travel time, and what time will it arrive at?
Arrival at 15:32 and your travel time is only 17 minutes. Would you like me to get the tickets for you?
Yes and I need the reference number
Your reference number is BIBMWTH4 . Is there anything else you need today?
no that's all thank you
I hope you enjoy your trip. Are you sure you have everything you need?
Yes, that is all I need right now. Thank you!
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I need more information about [Nusha].
Nusha is entertainment in the south and their address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I know that Nusha is the south, but I need the name of the area.
Sure, the area is just known as the south of town, but the address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and the postcode is cb17dy. Does that help?
Yes, it does. Thanks for the information. Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre.
The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre of town and has free admission. Would you like the address and postcode?
Yes, please, that would be useful.
Their postcode is cb11ln and their address is 98 king street.
I also need a restaurant in the same area? [Crossover] food sounds good.
I'm sorry, there are no crossover restaurants in that area. Is there another type or area where you'd like me to search?
What else do you have that is cheap?
What type of food?
Hmmm, I'm hungry for some [portuguese] food... Have anything like that?
[nandos city centre] would fit your needs. can I book a table for you?
Thank you! Please book a table for 8 people at [14:00] on Thursday.
Okay, I have you booked. Your reservation number is KUGMVJ5D . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I need to book a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
I need to leave n Wednesday and arrive no later than [21:15].
TR4977 will get you here by 20:23. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
For how many people?
I need a booking for 2 people.
I will bnook that and get you the reference number.
Ok thank you. After I get the reference number for my train, I have some other requests for you. But I need my train booked first.
Your 2 seats are reserved on the TR4977, departing Birmingham New Street on Wednesday at 17:40, arriving Cambridge at 20:23. Reference number is ULZ1R0XV . What else may I assist you with?
I would like to visit an entertainment attraction in the centre please
There are no entertainment attractions in the North, but there are two in the East if you're interested.
Do you have anything in the Centre area?
I am sorry there is nothing in the centre.
How about a museum?
How about [broughton house gallery]?
what type of museum is it, and their phone number too then please
broughton house gallery is a museum of arts. Their phone number is 01223314960. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that's all the info I needed today. Goodbye!
Enjoy your stay and have a wonderful day.


Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side.
I was able to find three results for what you are looking for, may I recommended [finches bed and breakfast]?
Great do they have free wifi?
They have free wifi and free parking! They're a guesthouse, not a hotel, though - is that OK?
Yes, sounds good. I'd like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from Thursday.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or length of time?
Would you be able to get it for 1 night and also get me a reference number
Yes I was able to book a room there for one night. Reference number is PL0P458J .
Great! Thanks for your help with booking that.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting, Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Where is the restaurant called [Tandoori Palace]?
You can find tandoori palace in he west. Need a reservation?
yes, book me a table for 2 at [19:00]. can you give me directions and the actual address please?
Yes, I will book that. It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can I have a confirmation number ?
Did you want your table for today?
Actually, I don't need it for today. What's the price range of the place?
Its the epxensive price range , can I help you with that


Can you check the availability at the [University Arms Hotel] for five people?
What day would you like to book?
Thursday please.
For just one day?
Actually for 5 nights and there will be 5 of us staying
Sure thing! Your reference number is LW8PBD97 .
Thank you so much, that is all that I need for now. Have a wonderful day.
You are welcome.


I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.
You have a preference for the location? I have two expensive hotels in the center of town.
I do not have a preference in location.
I have five places. What more may I help you with about them?
Are any of them three stars and including wifi?
Yes there are two options would you like the info?
Can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?
I recommend the [gonville hotel] in the centre and will be more than happy to make you a reservation there
Can you please make the reservation?
I have booked your reservation, the reference number is XYGXD4I0 . Is there anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. Any recommendations?
Sure. The [Cambridge Contemporary Art] museum is a really good one and it is located in the center of town.
That sounds perfect! Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Of course the number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su.
Thank you, I also need a taxi. I want to leave [gonville hotel] by [19:45] and go to the [cambridge contemporary art] museum.
A Black Volkswagen has been successfully booked and scheduled to pick you up at the gonville hotel by 19:45 and take you to the cambridge contemporary art museum
Can I get a contact number for the taxi?
The contact number is 07161683700. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need thank you for your time.
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Vietnamese] food. I don't care about the price range.
[Thanh binh] is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location?
Yes, what is their address and phone number?
its address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 362456 .
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.


I want an expensive restaurant in the South.
I found a few choices for you. Would you be interested in Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
[Mexican] will would great. I need a reservation for 2 at [19:30] on Monday.
Your reservation is booked at [Chiquito Restaurant] for 19:30 on Monday. The restaurant is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park, Cherry Hinton Road in Cherry Hinton. Your reservation number is SLYNF4LH .
Thank you! That's all that I needed.
Wonderful. Have a good visit.
Actually, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as Chiquito Restaurant is.
We have several. Would you be interested in a museum, a park or a theatre?
A museum would be great. Could I have the address of one you suggest?
the byard art museum offers free entrance fee
That sounds great. May I have the address, please?
The [Byard Art] Museum is located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum?
Your taxi reservation has been confirmed on a white skoda. Their contact number is 07558835298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, Tuesday?
If you want to stay in the south, there is the Junction on Clifton Way. There are also 4 theatres in the center of town. Do you want more information?
Actually that is all I need. thank you for you're help.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.
I have found nine restaurants matching your request. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
The restaurant should serve [british] food.
I think Griffiti would serve you well. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please and I will need their phone number for reference please.
Certainly, the phone number is 01223277977. How many people will be dining?
I'm not sure yet. Can you tell me what trains are traveling to cambridge on thursday?
There are five trains traveling on Thursday. The first one leaves at 05:17 and the last leaves at 13:17. What time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive from Stevenage by [14:30], if possible.
There are 4 trains, one is TR1661 and arrives at 12:43, would you like to book that?
Do you have any arrive closer to 14:30 time period? If not I will just need the train ID and departure time.
There is one arriving at 14:43 the TR2833 otherwise the closest one arriving prior to 14:30 is the one I mentioned arriving at 12:43.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help today!
Have a great trip!


looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [british] food and should be in the expensive price range.
[Fitzbillies restaurant] at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre fits your request. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I would. It's a party of 6 for Monday at [15:45]. Can I get the reference number when you're done?
Your reservation has been made. The reference number is GK4F8AFS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thanks for your help.
welcome next time
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?
There are many high class restaurants in town centre, is there a particular cuisine you'd prefer?
I was thinking maybe trying something [european].
[Eraina] is an expensive European restaurant in the city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great! Can I book a talbe for 7 people at [17:30] on Wednesday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0UD63QC0 . Can I assist you with anything else today.
No, that's it. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.


I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving around [16:00] can you find this for me .
Sure, but do you mean the train is leaving cambridge? if so where would you like to go?
I am looking for a train to take me to Norwich coming from Cambridge. preferably after 16.00 on Wednesday.
The TR7047 train departs Cambridge for Norwich at 16:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
I might be interested in that. I just want to confirm. That leaves AFTER 16:00, correct?
Yes, TR7047 departs at 16:36 and arrives at 17:55. Would you like me to help you book a ticket for this train?
Yes. Also, I am looking for attractions in town center that provide entertainment
I'm afraid no attractions match that description. Could you like to check out other areas of the city?
OK, what about colleges in the town centre?
Unfortunately there are no colleges in the centre of the city. Would you like me to check in other areas?
No. I would like a place to go in the centre that is entertainment. Can you please check again?
Actually, I don't have any entertainment, but there are 13 colleges in the centre. 10 have free entrance and 3 have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can you give me two free options?
Sure, there's Pembroke College and Saint Catharine's. If you'd like to visit one of those I could give you the address.
Can you give me the phone number for [Pembroke College]?
The phone number for Pembroke College is 01223338100.
Thank you. Could you also give me the postcode and address of Pembroke college?
Certainly, pembroke college is located at trumpington street, postcode cb21rf. Can I assist you with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!


I would like a [Hungarian] restaurant in the west of town.
There are no Hungarian restaurants in the west of town. Would you like to change your query?
Is there any [Indian] food on the west side of town.
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west part of town. What price range do you have in mind?
The price range doesn't matter.
Would you like the name, address and phone number of a few of them?
Yes, but just for one.
Cocum is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 366668. Their price range is expensive.
Thank you!
You're welcome. May I help with another query?
Nope, I'm good. Thanks again.
Goodbye.


I want to take a trip to Cambridge, but need some help locating a train. Can you provide some information for me please?
Yes, of course. Where would you like to leave from and when would you like to leave?
i'm leaving from peterborough on tuesday and the train should arrive after [15:30]
Just to confirm, did you want to leave after 15:30 or arrive by 15:30?
Oh, yes, I meant I need to leave after 15:30. I guess that means it will arrive after 15:30, too, ha ha.
I have a train that leaves at 15:48 and arrives at 16:38. Would that work for you?
Yes. What is the price on that?
The price is 16.50 pounds.
Please book that train. I'm also in search of a particular hotel. It's called [Worth House].
How many train tickets will you need?
Just the one, please.
OK, your train ticket is booked (Ref#WYJFK3C4). As far as the Worth House goes, it's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town.
Can we book the hotel for 1 person and 5 nights starting from Tuesday?
I was able to successfully book you at Worth House for 5 nights starting Tuesday. Your reference number is H38MB0WZ .
Thank you so much that is everything that I need.
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Thank you! You've been very helpful. I will be sure to ask for you if I need anything else on our trip.
You're welcome. Have a nice trip and stay. Goodbye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
There's a lot to do in Cambridge. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like more information on?
Museum and I need postcode adress and entrance fee please
Cambridge Artworks is a great museum! The address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode is cb12ef. It's also free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to london liverpool.
what time is best for you?
Is [Cambridge Artworks] in the center of town? I have get to liverpool station by [11:30] on Saturday.
No the museum is in the east, do you want an attraction in the center instead? What station will you be departing from?
Yes I'd rather find one in the centre, a museum. I just need the entrance fee and the address.
no such attractions in the north
I need a museum to visit in he centre.
There is no museums in the centre. Can I help you with anything else
Could you check again. A museum in the centre.
The [Museum of Archeology and Anthropology] is located in the center. Would you like more information?
I need the entrance fee and address please.
admission is free and it's located at university of cambridge, downing street
Do I need tickets?
I don't think you do but it's not in the database. Would you like the number so you can check before you go?
That's alright. But now what I do ned is to find a train from cambridge going to london liverpool street. Could you help me?
sure why not?
I need to arrive by 11:30. Are there any train that has arrival by that time?
Train is TR1887 arrives at 11:27. Shall I book it ?
Can you just tell me the travel time and departure time for the TR1887 please?
Of course. The departure time is 9:59. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.
If we can be of further assistance, please contact us again. Thank you. Good-bye.


I'm planning a trip in Cambridge. Can you give me train information?
Absolutely. Let's start by figuring out where you'll be traveling from, and where your destination is.
I am traveling from Cambridge and heading to Birmingham New Street.
What day will you be traveling?
Tuesday, I am leaving from cambridge going to birmingham new street, can I get the train ID when you get a chance please?
What time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to leave by [17:30].
I have Tr6413 leaving at 17:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, but can I get a postcode and the entrance fee?
Which attraction do you need the postcode and entrance fee for?
I'm sorry my brain got jumbled there, no to booking a seat on the train. I do need to find some architecture to look at while visiting.
The centre of town boasts some magnificent old churches. [Little Saint Mary's], for instance, which is free to visit.
That sounds amazing, what postcode are they in?
It is really marvelous! The postcode is cb21qy, make sure to visit the gift shop too!
Thank you! I think that is all I need today.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I need a [16:30] taxi.
I'd be happy to help with your request, will you be leaving at 16:30 and what is your departure site?
Yes, I will be leaving at 16:30 from [Bedouin].
Great. And what is your destination?
I am going to [london liverpool street train station].
I have booked your taxi
Thank you very much.
A grey toyota will be picking you up. Do you also need the contact number?
Yes, please. I need it in case there is a problem.
No problem.The contact number is 07357977369. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I need a train that is leaving from ely.
I can help with that, what day will you be traveling and where will you be traveling to?
I am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.
fantastic. what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after [17:15]
I have train TR8610 that leaves at 17:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
Yes great!. Now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?
What type of food would you like?
I am looking for something that serves [New Zealand] food. Do you have anything?
I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants in the centre that serve new zealand food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about [gastropub] instead?
[The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] is the only Gastropub in the area. It is in the center of town and is of moderate price.
That would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at [20:30] on the same day?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P05FIQFR .
thanks alot for your assistance. bye
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Where is the [Addenbrookes] Hospital located?
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Can you also tell me what the phone number and post code for the hospital is?
Sure, the telephone number is 01223245151 and the post code is CB20QQ.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


I'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.
There are many matches to your request. Do you have a preference in area or star rating?
I have no preference for area but I am looking for something with a 4 star rating and moderately priced.
I have 11 guesthouse hotels fitting this criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I would prefer a 4 star guesthouse please and I'll need the area and address please.
There are 11 matches that fit your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
No, no other preferences. What would you recommend?
I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north. The address is 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer something a little more south.
Aylesbray lodge guest house matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Ok, can you send me the address and area of Aylesbray lodge? I am also looking for a restaurant called [royal spice].
Aylesbray Lodge is in the south part of town and the address is 5 mowbray road.
I'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at [19:45] Tuesday.
The booking was successful and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EQ2EWQ22 .
Can I book a taxi from [Acorn Guest House] to [Aylesbray Lodge]? It needs to get there by [19:45] Tuesday.
I was able to book your taxi. You will be in a White Skoda. If you need to contact them, the number is 07145741426. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you!
You are welcome. Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance. Enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
There are several options available, is there a particular type of cuisine that you are interested in?
One that serves curry. Is there a nice [Indian] restaurant?
There is in fact. It's called Taj Tandoori. Would you like to know more information?
Actually, what about an expensive [Chinese] restaurant in that area instead?
I have The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. It's located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. What time and for how many people please?
I only require the postcode and phone number.
Their postcode is cb17ag, and phone number is 01223244149
thank you very much.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to london liverpool street and I'd like to leave sometime after [08:15]
5 trains found. The earliest times are 9:59 and 11:59. Which would you like to book?
I would be interested in the train leaving at 9:59. Can you book me for that one for 1 person? And can I get the arrival time and train ID please.
Of course! I have you booked on TR1750 arriving at 13:27 with reference number 3XB7W40D . The total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Yes could you please confirm the travel time as well for TR1750?
The duration for your train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Did you need anything else?
No, you have given me everything i need. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service!


Can you help me find a place to stay in the south part of the City that offers free wifi with the room.
Sure I have 4. When are you coming?
I'm not sure yet. What types of hotels are available? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.
the lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. their address is 53-57 lensfield road
What is the star rating of the [lensfield]?
The Lensfield Hotel has 3 stars. Would you like their phone number?
yes please. I am also looking for a place to dine; european modern food, but at a moderate price.
Is there a certain area you prefer?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that is also in the south.
chinese, indian or italian food?
Im feeling [modern european] what are some of my options for that?
The only place on the south side is the [restaurant alimentum]. Are you interested in booking a table with them?
I would like a table.
What time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
I would like the reservation to be at [12:45] for 7 people.
Great, and what day do you prefer?
I would prefer for it to be Thursday.
You're all set, reference #MEGKPAR1 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.
Have a great day.


I'd like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town.
I have 5 results matching your request, are you looking for a particular type of food to eat?
I want [Indian], please.
Sure I have the [Taj Tandoori] in that price range. Would you like a telephone number or a booking?
That would be great! Could I also receive the address and post code with that?
Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, postcode cb17aa. The phone number is 01223412299. Did you want to make a reservation?
No thanks, I'll take care of that. I'm all set today - thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our system.


I am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving [Thai] food.
there are two Thai locations. Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or west part of town?
I don't care.
[Sala Thong] is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west. Would you like their information?
Yes, please. May I have their address and phone number?
Sala Thong is located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
You are welcome Good Bye


Can you help me find a nice [Asian] restaurant to dine at in Cambridge?
I have several Asian Oriental places. Most are in the center, but there's one on the north side. Do you have an area in mind?
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably expensive
[Kymmoy] is just what you are looking for at 52 Mill Road City. Do you need me to book a table for you?
Yes please, 6 guests at [18:00] on Wednesday.
Your table is reserved at Kymmoy for Wednesday at 18:00. Your reference is CDHR89U2 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thaks for helping
Well, thank you for calling! You have a great day!
I'm most grateful. Oops! One more request! A hotel with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.
I have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. What area are you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and expensive
I am showing 5 options here. I personally recommend gonville hotel. Shall I book it for you?


I'm looking for a train leaving on sunday going to cambridge.
where are you departing from?
I want to depart from London Liverpool Street after [15:00].
There is a train leaving on that date from london liverpool to cambridge at 15:39, arrive at 17:07 with a price of 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book?
No, I will book it myself later. Thanks, that's all I need.
I hope you have a good trip. Thanks calling in today. Goodbye.


I am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves [Indian] food.
There are 4 restaurants that meet your needs - 3 in the center of town and 1 in the north. Are you interested in any of these?
I am interested in the one in the north.
That would be [Royal Spice] then. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please for [19:00] on Saturday.
For how many people is this booking?
Book a table for 1 person please.
I have confirmed your reservation at royal spice for one on Saturday at 19:00. Your reference number is 3RFA2T98 . Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a place to stay.
There are many hotels in the area, did you have a price range or area you wanted to stay in?
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the north part of town that is a guesthouse.
I was not able to find any hotels that met those requirements.
How about a guesthouse that is in the cheap price range?
May I suggest the Worth House? It's a 4-star guesthouse located in the north. Alternately, the City Centre North B and B is a 0 star-option. Do you have a preference?
[Worth house] sounds much nicer. That is cheap correct? If so could you please try and book it for me for 3 nights? Same day and people.
You are booked for Worth House for 3 days starting on Saturday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number
Your reference number for the Worth House room is RA8UPYY3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help.
Alright, no problem. Have a nice day!


I feel like going to a nightclub.
Okay, the [Soul Tree Nightclub] is a popular one. Would you like the address or phone number?
i will really apreciate.
it is located in 1-6 exchange street. call them on 01223477900
What is the entrance fee? Is it in the west part of town?
The cover charge is only 4, and I show a DJ Squalour from Ibiza doing a show there tonight.
Is there a way you can get me a ticket?
They do not have an advanced booking system, but I can get you their number if you want to call their box office.
Yes, please provide the number.
01223477900. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel. Preferably a 4 star one with free parking.
There are 2 hotels that meet those specification in the West and one in the Centre. Which area would you prefer?
I would like to book the one that is in the west please.
There are two hotels in the west. I recommend the [cambridge belfry]. How many people will be staying, and how many nights, and what day will you arrive?
It will be 3 people for one night.
What day would you like the reservations to begin?
Starting on Monday please.
Booking complete. Reference number is VY2L76MY .
No that is all I needed for the night thank you.
Thank you and have a wonderful time here in our city of Cambridge!


I need a train to Norwich, leaving after [21:30].
On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.
Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge
ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?
The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?
This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Moroccan] food and is moderately priced.
Which area would you like?
I do not care what area it is in.
There are no moderately priced Moroccan restaurants in any area. Might another type of food interest you?
Yes, what about [Turkish] food?
anatolia and efes restaurants are turkish.
May I have the address of [Anatolia]?
The address is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge in a moderate price range. Can you help?
Yes, there are several guest houses available, do you have a specific area you'd like to stay at?
No, I'm flexible on the area but I would really like them to offer both free parking and free wifi.
I would definitely recommend the [acorn guest house]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for 7 people. We want to check in on Friday and stay for two nights.
I couldn't get you that length of stay at the Acorn. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different guesthouse?
How about 1 night?
They were able to accommodate you for one night. Your reference number is PG2V8WLA .
I also need a train leaving from norwich arriving at in Cambride by [13:45]
What day do you want to travel?
The same day as my hotel booking, please.
I am sorry but there are no trains available at that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes please. Please recommend my best option. An earlier time would be fine.
We do have TR8151 that leaves Norwich at 12:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:35. Would this work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Please book for the same day, Friday, and the same number of people, 7.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 09J2HO3T . Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Thank you kind person for helping me!
Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.
Thanks for using our system!


I would like a taxi to [limehouse]. I need to arrive by [7:15].
I'd be happy to book that for you, where are you departing from?
I am leaving from [nusha].
You are booked for a black skoda. Is there anything else?
Could you give me the contact number for the skoda, please.
Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07129813049
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is it. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services.


Do you have any trains heading to Cambridge on Tuesday?
I have a lot of trains. Do you have a time of day ?
Yes I need to leave broxbourne after [13:15].
TR8199 will leave at 13:32 and arrive by 14:42. Do you require more information or would you like to book?
yes book please for 1
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JWI85JQG .is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. Can you also recommend places to go in the centre of town that involves multiple sports?
Unfortunately, the only multiple sports attraction is in the east. Can I look up some other attraction for you?
How about a museum in the centre of town?
I'd recommend primavera on 10 king s parade. Would you like more information on it?
I need the postcode.
The postcode is cb21sj.
Thanks for your help!
Sure thing! Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks you were great! Have a good day.
I hope you have a wonderful day as well. Goodbye!


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
There are lots of choices for you! Do you have a price range or certain kind of food that sounds good?
Expensive price range is fine
There are plenty of options. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Not really. I am just looking for a good local restaurant.
I recommend [cambridge lodge restaurant] it's located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need you to tell me the date and time for the reservation, and how many people will be attending.
I need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on Sunday please.
Cambridge Lodge Rest is a nice place,would you like me to book it for you ?


I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.
great, i have 19 options for you!
I would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.
Okay, I recommend [Autumn House] which is located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday
The room is booked for you! Your reference number is: JZXS562J Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for a cheap [Indian] place to eat.
There are 4 options. Would you prefer to eat in the centre or in the north?
I'd prefer the centre, please.
How does [Mahal of Cambridge] sound?
Do you have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223360409.
What is wrong with me, I also need the address and postal code, I dont know why I didn't just ask all of that at once.
Not a problem at all! The address is 3 - 5 Millers Yard Mill Lane, and the postcode is cb21rq. Anything else for you?
Yes, I need a taxi please to commute between the two.
Where would you be getting picked up?
That hotel we discussed earlier.
MAy i have a leave time ?
I would like to leave by [11:15] please.
A white Ford will pick you up at 11:15. The contact number is 07196946340. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it for me. Thanks! Bye
Your welcome! Good bye.


I need an [italian] place in the moderate price range to eat at.
We have 5 options available that meet that criteria. Is there a specific area you would like?
Yes, I like you to tell me all 5 options,than I will decide!
OK, there are two Pizza Huts, two Pizza Expresses, and a Prezzo.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?
Yes, both Pizza Express locations are in the centre. Would you like more information?
Choose one of them for me and let me know the phone number, address, and postcode please.
Sure, pizza express Regent Street City Centre cb21db, 01223324033. Would you like to book a table there?
I'll think about it, thank you. Could you reccommend a few attractions in the same area of town?
In the centre are the All Saints Church postcode cb58bs, the entrance is free. Also, the Great Saint Mary's Church postcode cb23pq entrance fee 2 pounds.
Please book a taxi between [All Saints Church] and [pizza express], I'd like to leave the church by [21:45].
Okay your contact number is 07950726501 Your car is a grey bmw.
Okay that's all I need for now. Thank you.
Great! Thank you for using our services!


I am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 0 star rating.
There is one place, [City Centre North B and B]. It is a guest house that has internet and parking available, is cheap, and is at 328a Histon Road.
Okay thank you so much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
What is the phone number and post code for that B and B?
The phone number is 01223312843 and the postcode is cb43ht. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I need a restaurant that serves [sri lankan] food in the same area.
There are no sri lankan restaurants in that area. Is there another type of food place you'd like to try?
That's OK, can you look for an [Italian] food restaurant.
There's da vinci pizzeria in the north located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No that will be all thank you
Thanks, please let me know if you need anything else.


I was in a car accident dispute and I need help!
The Parkside Police will be able to help. Here is their contact information, telephone: 01223358966, address: parkside, cambridge, postcode: cb11jg. Is there anything else I can do to help?
That will be all, thank you
No problem, let me know if you need anything else.


I need to make a reservation at a hotel called [El Shaddai]
Sure, could you tell me when you what day you would like to book your stay at the El Shaddai at 41 Warkworth Street?
Just gathering information about the hotel first. Could you tell me what area of the city they're in, the price, and if they have internet connectivity?
Sure! They're in the Centre area. They're cheap and offer internet connectivity.
Great, I would like to book that hotel, please.
From what day do you want to book?
Actually I think I'll travel there myself thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you today, then?
That's all, thank you so much.
Okay do give us a call back if you need anything else.


I am in the centre of town and I need somewhere to go.
There are 44 attractions near you, can you narrow down what you would like to see? A museum perhaps?
Anything is fine. Send me to your favorite place in the city, just be sure to give me the postcode.
The Man on the Moon concert hall is my favorite. Their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel, and at what time?
I'm going Monday and need to leave after [08:00].
There are 8 trains, TR2987 leaves at 9:35 if you'd like that.
That would be fine. What is the price?
4.40 pounds. would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I will go ahead and book later. I think that's all the information I need for today.
All right, then. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. Can you help?
There are lots of places to visit in the city centre. What type of place would you like to visit?
Is there a college I could visit?
In what area would you prefer it to be?
In the centre would be perfect!
The emmanuel college is free and it is on saint andrew's street. How does that sound?
That sounds great!! Can I have their address, and how much is the entrance fee?
It is located at saint andrew's street and it's free! Anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Are there any 4 star hotel in the north with free parking?
Do you have a price range preference?
The price doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star hotel.
I would recommend acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
No, but can I have the phone number and the address?
The phone number is 01223334200 and the address is saint andrew's street.
thanks for all your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you!
You're Welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge
There are 110 place to dine in Cambridge. May I narrow the search by area, price range, and/or cuisine?
I would like a place in the centre of town, serves [Indian] food and on the expensive side.
The [Curry Garden] is an expensive restaurant located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
I will call them, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great rest of your day!
I am also looking for a hotel called the [University Arms Hotel].
I found it. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like to book 5 nights starting Wednesday for 6 people. May I also have the reference number please.
Okay great! Your booking was successful. Your reference number is HMUH9F2T .
Great, can I also get a taxi as well.
Certainly! Is there any particular place you would like the Taxi to pick you up?
Yes from the restaurant to my hotel. I need to leave the restaurant by [17:00].
OK, we can get you a Blue Honda at 17:00 from the restaurant to the hotel .
Great, thanks. Could you give me their contact number?
Sure thing. Their contact number is 07128800156. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not at this time but your help has been appreciated.
Great, thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for a specific hotel in Cambridge.
There are 33 hotels in cambridge. Do you know the name?
Yes it is the [carolina bed and breakfast].
Yes, I have located it. It is as 138 Perne Road. The phone number is 01223247015. Can I further assist you?
I am also looking to go to a concerthall.
There's one called [the man on the moon] in the centre. I'm not sure if they charge an entrance fee or not but I can get you their phone number
Oh, before I forget. Can I ask for the star rating on Carolina B&B? And yes, can I get both the address and phone number for the concert hall please?
The [carolina B&B] is 4 star, and [the man on the moon] is at 2 norfolk street, 01223474144. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? I'll want to leave the hotel by [09:45].
Okay, I have Red Skoda booked to pick you up from the hotel and take you to the concert hall. The contact number is 07462131215.
Thanks, I think that is all I need.
Awesome, glad to help you, have a great day.
I certainly will. Thank you, again. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. Please contact us again if you need additional assistance. Goodbye.


Hi! I need a train from London Liverpool street sometime after [19:30], please.
That should be no problem! What day are you traveling?
I would like to go this Saturday to Cambridge.
TR2361 will be departing london liverpool street Saturday at 21:39, there is also one an hour earlier. Would you like to book a ticket for one?
I'll take the 21:39, I'll need 7 tickets please.
Alright, your tickets have been booked and the reference number is ZI1RMKW7 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
You have been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you very much and have a nice day!


I am looking for a restaurant serving [vegetarian] food.
we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you look for [Vietnamese] restaurants then?
Thanh binh serves vietnamese food. They are located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
No, thank you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
good bye.


I am looking for assistance in finding a hospital nearby because i got injured.
You can find them at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
What's the name of the hospital? Do you have their phone number?
Addenbrookes Hospital the phone number is 01223245151.
Great, that's all for today. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us, please let us know if we can of help in the future.


I need to take a train to Cambridge, it would have to be late after [21:45]
The TR6549 arrives at 06:01. Is that too late?
Um, well I should mention that we will be departing Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge.
The TR0672 from kings lynn to cambridge leaves at 22:11. Would you like to book it?
This one will leave on sunday correct?
Unfortunately, that train does not travel Sunday, but train TR6364 leaves at the same time (22:11) and arrives by 22:58. Will this work for you?
Yes that will work thank you. I also need help finding a certain hotel if you can?
Of course. I'll be more than happy to help you find a hotel. What's the name of the hotel?
It's the [Acorn Guest House].
The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like any additional information?
Could you book it for 3 people. It will be for 2 nights starting on the day we get there.
I've booked your 2 night stay starting SUnday for 3 people at the Acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is JJBWZIGS . Can I help you further?
no. that does it for me. thanks. goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day.


My friend recommended [Little Seoul], but I need some help locating it.
little seoul is in the centre of town at 108 Regent Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223308681.
Great! Can you help me book a table for Wednesday?
I'll be happy to book you a table for Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes make a booking for 5 people at [15:15] on wednesday.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is B0ZSF0CI .
Yes, I need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.
I found 133 trains for you, what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave after [13:15] on Thursday.
train id TR1160 fits your criteria. can i book for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.
Done! Your total is 189 GBP (you can pay at the station) and your reference number is 4VLDG178 . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Bye! Have a great day!


Is there a hospital near by?
The medical center in Cambridge is called Addenbrookes Hospital. It is located at Hills Road, in postalcode CB20QQ.
I will need their phone number also.
The phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thanks!
welcome. at your service next time
Great, thanks again. Goodbye!
Have a great day!


Please locate me an [italian] restaurant in the Centre area.
There are 9 such restaurants. Do you want a specific price range?
It should be expensive.
There are four choices which match your requirements. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
No preference really, you pick. I'll need the address please.
Okay, how about [Caffe Uno]. It's located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great I also am looking for a hotel called [Cityroomz]
Cityroomz is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range what information would you like about it?
Yes can I please have the address?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, That's all I need. Thank you.
Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a train to take 5me to Cambridge.
Okay and when would you like to leave?
I would like to leave from Stevenage on Thursday and get to cambridge by [9:15].
There is a train departing Stevenage at 7:54 Thursday, and arriving in Cambridge at 8:53.
Can you tell me how long the trip will take?
The travel time is 49 minutes.
Ok, that is all the information I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I need to find the [Autumn House] Hotel.
The Autumn House hotel is a cheap guesthouse on the east side, located at 710 Newmarket Road.
Do they have free parking there?
Yes, the Autumn House has free parking! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can you please and send me the reference number?
Ok. How many days will you be staying?
5 days and I need postcode and entrance fee
I also need to know how many days and what day you will be staying.
Right, as I states above, 5 days please.
You are booked. Your reference number is XPCARI17
Can you also find a swimming pool I can visit?
There are 2 pools in the north, one in the center and one in the east. Which do you prefer?
Could I get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the east?
I'm afraid I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb58nt. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi as well?
Where is your departure site and destination?
I need to leave from [autumn house] to a swimming pool
I would love to help. When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by [05:15].
Alright a yellow volkswagen has been booked it will have you to the pool by 05:15. Your confirmation number is 07422806466. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all thank you
Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.


Hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?
There are many, many restaurants in town. Is there a certain area of town in which you would be visiting?
Something in the north.
Do you have a price range preference?
No. I don't but I've heard [Loch Fyne] is good. Do you have information about this restaurant?
The Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. The address is, The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, phone number: 01223362433 and post code cb21qy.
Let's book it for 8 at [15:00] on thursday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 6LB7GNEB .
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with todoay?
I also need to book a taxi
Can you tell me where you would be departing from and where you are going so I can find a taxi service to serve you.
I am going to the [Loch Fyne] restaurant at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street
And where are you departing from?
I will be departing from [christ's college]
Where will you be heading to.
I will be heading to the restaurant.
Whoops, my mistake, I meant to ask when you'd be heading to the restaurant, not where. Do you know when you'd like the taxi?
it should be there at booked time
I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Christ's College and take you to the Loch Fyne by 15:00. Is there anything I can help you with.
Yes, I'll need the car type and contact number for the taxi, please?
I will look that up for your now.
yeah ok do that please
It's a red ford. The contact number is 07540853232. Sorry that I did not provide that when I booked your reservation.
Thank you that is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes. Thank you. Goodbye
Have a great day.


Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
Would you prefer Italian or Modern european food?
I don't care. Either one is fine.
How about [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton. It serves Italian food, is in the moderate price range, and in the south part of town.
could i have the address and phone number please?
sure, pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 413000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you. Bye bye.
Goodbye.


I can't wait to see some local attractions when I visit. I am looking for a convenient place to stay while I'm there.
Sure, I can help you with that. Were you looking for a particular area to stay?
hotel should be in the moderate and in centre of town
[Cityroomz] is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town, would you like more information about it?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode, please.
Their phone number is 01223304050 and their postcode is cb12tz. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for an attraction called [clare college].
Clare College is in the west part of town. It is located on Trinity Lane. Their entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. The postcode is cb21tl.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for today.
Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!


Yes, Hello. I would like info on [Milton Country Park]?
Yes of course. Milton Country Park is a park in the northern area of town. What would you like to know?
Can I have their postcode?
Their post code is cb46az.
Thanks very much for your help today.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!


I am looking for Addenbrookes Hospital. Does it also provide [acute medicine care for the elderly]?
That hospital does provide that type of care. Their telephone is 01223217261. I can book you an appointment as well if you'd like.
can you give me the address and post code?
Sure, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the post code is CB20QQ.
That will be all thank you.
If there is nothing else I can assist with, I wish you a great day.


I want to find places to go in town, specifically college attractions.
There are multiple colleges to visit. Would you like a list of them and locations?
What would your best recommendation be for one?
I would recommend [christ's college] in the centre.
That sounds good. May I have the phone number and postcode?
yes adress and phone number please


I want to find out more about the [arbury guesthouse].
It is in the north, in the modrate price range, has a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
i want to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting tuesday
Do you need a reference number?
Were you able to book it for tuesday?
Yes I was able here is the detailed information-Booking was successful. Reference number is : MT6Q7YNE .
Great. Do you also have any entertainment venues in the east?
Yes, there are two, would you like more information about them?
Yes I would please.
Cherry hinton hall and grounds is located at cherry hinton road. The phone is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw. No entrance information is provided.
Ok, that is all of the information I need. Thank you!
Have a nice trip! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I am looking for a local restaurant, and also places to go while I am in Cambridge
Sure, I can help with that. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in?
East part and where there is entertainment,I also need address and phone number
Do you have a specific food type or price for the restaurant? How about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at Cherry Hinton Road, phone number 01223446104 for entertainment?
Awesome. I'm also looking for the [sitar tandoori].
This is an expensive Indian restaurant in the east.
That's the one. Could you book a table for 3 on Sunday?
I'd be happy to reserve you a table for 3 on Sunday. What time would you like to dine?
We'd like the reservation made for [13:00] if possible.
No problem. I've booked you that table and your reference number is 7ET7AGBG . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been great. Have a great day. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!


I would like to find a cheap [African] restaurant in the area.
I was unable to find any cheap african places.
What cheap restaurants are in the centre?
We have fifteen cheap restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from asian oriental to mediterranean and modern european.
How about [Spanish] food. Do you have a restaurant serving that?
[La Raza] is a spanish restaurant in that price range, shall I book a table for you?
Yes please book a table for 7 people at [16:45] on Sunday. Can you give me the reference number?
Your table at La Raza has been reserved for Sunday at 16:45. The reference number is KSH4UXG0 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find places to go to in town?
Sure what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like a museum in the same area as La Raza.
There are 11 museums in the centre. Do you want a suggestion?
I think what ever one you would say is best please.
I suggest the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. It's in the city centre located at university of cambridge, downing street. It's free, too.
Can you please provide me with the postcode and phone number for the museum?
The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223357708. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have helped me a lot thanks !
I am glad to help enjoy your stay.


Hi. Have you heard of [Pizza Hut City Centre] by chance? I may want to eat there soon.
Sure they are located at Regent Street City Centre. would you like me to book you there?
No, I just need the postcode and address please. Is this an Italian restaurant?
Pizza Hut City Centre is listed as an Italian restaurant, yes. They are located at Regent Street City Centre in postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Glad we could help. Please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking. Thank you.


I need a train that gets me into Cambridge by [21:30]
sure, what day are you traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. I am coming from London Kings Cross.
The TR7223 arrives in Cambridge at 20:08. Will that suit you?
Yes, could you book me tickets for 7 people on that train?
Absolutely! Go ahead and pay 132.16 GBP at the station for the 7 tickets. Would you like your reference number?
Can you recommend a cinema in the east?
There are no cinemas in the east. Can I help find something else?
Actually, yes, I do need that reference number on that train. And, maybe you could find a museum instead of a cinema?
reference number is K13L3ILC .
What about a museum? Are there any of those in the east? If so, please give me some additional information including the entrance fee.
There are 4, I would recommend Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef, number 01223902168. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. You have covered everything.
thank you for using our system. have a good day.


Hello. I am interested in finding some good local restaurants. Do you have any that you would suggest?
Cambridge has many wonderful dining options, is there a type of cuisine or price range that you are looking for?
I'm sorry, I actually need a train on Wednesday from Peterborough to Cambridge. I need to arrive by [10:00].
There are 8 trains that arrive before 10:00. The latest leaves Peterborough at 8:48 and arrives at 9:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes,please book it for 7 people.
Your train is booked for Wednesday at 08:48, the reference number is REINB4ERO . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town.
There are three restaurants. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer [Italian] please. Let me know what options you have for that cusine type.
pizza hut fen ditton offers italian cuisine.
Is that in the east in the moderate price range? If it is I would like a table for the same day for 7 people at [20:00] please.
Yes it matches all of your requests, however I'm very sorry that time is not available at [pizza hut fen ditton]. Would you like to try for another time?
Yes, I will try for a little earlier, how about [19:00]? I will need a reference number also.
I booked that for you and the reference number is: CXZ6IYHC .
Thank you that's all that I need!
Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes. I do not need anymore assistance. Thank you.
Have a great day!


can you book me a train to Cambridge that leaves on Saturday.
There are 202 trains to cambridge on Saturday. Can you tell me your departure station and the time you'd like to travel?
I would like to leave from stansted airport after [15:00]
I found nine trains leaving stansted airport for cambridge, leaving every hour starting at 15:24. Would you like to book that first train?
I would maybe be interested in booking this train. What is the train id, price per ticket and arrival time?
The train is TR1493 with the price 8.08 pounds. The arrival time is 15:52.
Okay thanks, I also need info for the [cow pizza kitchen and bar].
Ok. That's a moderately-priced gastropub in the centre. Would you like the address or phone number?
I would like to make a reservation for 6 people on Saturday.
What time would you like?
I'd like the table for [19:00], please.
Okay. I have made a reservation for Saturday at 19:00 for six people.
Great, all I need is the reference number please.
I unfortunately do not have this info for you. The booking is now saying unsuccessful.
Can you try again please?
Unfortunately, after trying to book again I was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time?
Could you please try [18:00] on the same day?
Your booking for Saturday at 18:00 was made. Your reference number is L7W1NACD . May I help you with anything else today?
That is all. Thank you.
Have a great day.


Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.
What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after [13:45] please.
TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?
The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the east
Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.
The [express by holiday inn cambridge] is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes a reservation for three please
How many days will you be staying and what day will you arrive?
3 nights starting from Sunday.
how many people in your party and for how long
I need it for 5 people, please. And could you get me the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : R6SZO5AO . Anything else?
That's all I need for today. Thanks!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for some entertainment for later.
There are five entertainment attractions in town, two in the east, two in the south, and one in the west. Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the south part of town please.
There are two options: Nushua and Tenpin. Both are located at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way. Would you like the phone number for either of them?
Yes. Please tell me the one you like best and then how much that place costs to get in.
I would recommend the nusha. I do not know what the entrance fee is. You may call 01223902158 to check. Do you need anything else?
I also need a hotel in the Centre in the moderate price range with free parking.
I don't have any that match your criteria, I'm sorry.
Can you try looking in the south then?
There are two results, they are both gueshouses.There's [aylesbray lodge guest house], 4 stars, and [bridge guest house], 3 stars. Can I book one for you?
Yeah could you please book one of those for me?
When would you like to book the room and for how many nights and people?
I need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting Friday.
How many people will be staying?
It will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from Friday.
Your booking for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House has been confirmed. Your reference number is 8GO1Q7PM . Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.
welcome and thanks for using our services
Thank you! Have a great day!
You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I am looking for museums to visit when I am in Cambridge. Something on the west side.
The [Cafe Jello Gallery] is a great museum on the west side, and it's free to get in.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the address and postcode of this place. as well as how much the entrance fee is?
cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street is the address. cb30af is the postcode and the entrance fee is free
I am also looking for a train leaving after [11:00] for Kings Lynn.
There are several that fit that criteria. What day would you like that on?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Monday.
The first train leaving Cambridge is the TR3566 at 11:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I want an expensive [french] place to dine in.
Sure, do you prefer the centre of town or the north end?
In the north please.
[Restaurant two two] is an expensive french restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
no i want the post code and address
Sure, they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and their postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else you need?
a train. The train should arrive by [20:45] and should go to stansted airport
Where are you departing from, What day do you want to travel and how many people can I book tickets for?
Departing from Cambridge on Saturday.
What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive at the airport by 20:45.
TR1703 leaves cambridge on sunday at 19:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 20:08. The cost is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, can you book 2 tickets and can i get a reference number please? Thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 86BN010L
Thank you, my trip is planned, that is everything.
Okay, great. Let us know if you need anything else.


Can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?
What price range and in what area?
I am looking for something expensive in the west please.
Your cuisine options are: British, European, Indian, and Thai.
I'm sorry, make that the centre of town. A [Thai] restaurant would be fine.
I found [Bangkok City]. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes I would like a table for 4 people at [16:00] on Saturday.
Reference number is : FJVATJEE . Is there anything else?
I am looking for an expensive place in the centre area with free wifi?
I have two options. The Gonville Hotel which has three stars, and the University Arms Hotel which has four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you. What is the [University Arms Hotel's] postcode?
its postcode is cb21ad. is that all?
What type of hotel is the University Arms?
It's a 4 star hotel. In the centre and expensive as you requested.
I would like to book a taxi that can commute to both places, It would need to arrive by the booked time. Please provide contact and the car type.
So, to clarify, you want a taxi from the [University Arms] to [Bangkok City] at [16:00], correct?
Yes, thank you.
Done! You'll be picked up in a yellow Tesla, and the contact number is 07044662222. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Have a nice day.


Hi, could you help me find a museum to visit? Any recommendation would be great.
May I recommend [Cafe Jello Gallery] on the West Side.
can have the postcode and address please?
Sure! Their address is 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for information on trains that leave after [21:00] and go to cambridge.
From where are you leaving and on which day?
I am leaving on Monday from birmingham new stree
There are 21 trains available. Did you have an arrival or departure date/time in mind?
I'd like to leave birmingham new street after 21:00 on Monday, and go to cambridge.
There is a train that leaves 12:40.
Is that the earliest train you have after 21:00?
The earliest train to leave after 21:00 is TR8406 at 21:40. Would you like to book this train?
Can you tell me the arrival time for that train and the total travel time?
It arrives at 24:23 after a total travel time of 163 minutes.
Thanks so much! Oh, wow it's late. I need to run. Thanks. Bye!
Thanks! Have a great day!


I need a taxi to take me to the [cambridge punter] please
I need a cab to take me to the cambridge punter with an arrival time of [02:00]
I think you're mistaken. I need a taxi going to cambridge punter
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey skoda Contact number : 07749752500


Hi I am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
There are a few choices. Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I want it to be a guesthouse,have free parking.
I would reccomend the [allenbell]. Will this work for you?
can you book it for 5 night for 7 starting on friday ? I also need free parking
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MTZOYGHK
I would also like to find some [Swedish] food.
I'm sorry, there are no Swedish restaurants in the city. Do you have another cuisine in mind?
Okay, how about [indian] food?
There are 22 Indian restaurants, do you have an area or price range you are interested in?
Can you find me something in the east part of town? Price range doesn't matter.
I would suggest [curry prince].
Sound great! Can I book a table for 7 at [17:00] on Friday?
I have made that reservation for you on Friday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is LZIIKO5Q .
Thanks so much for all of your help you've been great!
Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thank you, goodbye!
You are very welcome. Good bye


I am looking for a particular attraction.
Do you know the name of the attraction and what area of the city it is in?
Yeah, it's called [saint catharine's college] I believe.
Ah yes, that college is in the center of town, on king's parade. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?
Absolutely! That number is 01223338300. Anything else for you?
What type of attraction is that college?
It's a college attraction.
Okay, thank you. Is there somewhere near there to stay in the moderate price rage, with 4 stars?
Unfortunately, I do not have any guesthouses or hotels that fit your criteria. Is there a different price range, area, etc. I can check for you?
Have you checked in the North?
My apologies. There are several 4-star hotels at a moderate range. There are 7 in the north. Will you be needing free parking?
I require free wifi.
There is wifi available at the hotel.
Alright, book me one for a four night stay starting on Saturday.
How many people are in your group?
Just for 1 person, thanks.
I was able to book you a room at the [Acorn Guest House]. Booking was successful. Reference number is : FBGL114Y . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Enjoy!


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
The Lucky Star is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
Are there any other places?
[Nandos] is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south. Would you like their information?
sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve [Portuguese] food.
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range.
That sounds yummy. What is their address and phone number?
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Bye bye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.
We have quite a few spots. Do you have a specific type of food you'd like to eat?
No, I don't really care. Can you suggest one?
[Tandoori Palace] is an Indian restaurant. Their food is lovely.
That sounds yummy! What is their postcode and phone number, please?
Their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I need to take a train out of Cambridge on Sunday.
Okay. What's your destination?
I would like to go to Stevenage after [08:00] please.
TR6488 leaves at 09:21 and gets to Stevenage by 10:10. Will that train work for you?
Can I make a reservation for 2 people and get a confirmation number?
I have confirmed booking for 2, the total fee is 20.48 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is MRVAFSWE . Would you like help finding anything else?
I also need to find an attraction called [kings hedges learner pool].
kings hedges leaner pool is located at jedburgh court, kings hedges. their phone number is 122 335 3248.
What is the postcode?
The swimming pool's postcode is cb42xh. Do you need any more information?
That is all, thank you very much for the help!
The Parkside Police Station phone number is 01223358966 located Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Okay. I am glad I could be of assistance.


I need to take a train from Norwich, leaving after [21:15].
Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Ely please.
I don't have any listings for trains leaving Norwich and arriving in Ely. Would you like to try a different departure station?
I meant Cambridge please. I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday after 21:15.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I don't need anything booked. I just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to cambridge leaving after [21:15].
There are trains arriving at 22:35, 23:35 and 24:35. They are 17.60 pounds and 79 minutes each.
Great, thanks! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel in the north. Can you please help with that?
There are several that meet your criteria. Is there a price range you are interested in?
I would like to keep it in the moderate range, please.
I see 7 options. They are all guesthouses. Do you have preferences for internet and parking?
I do not have a preference on those things.
Shall I try to start and book you into one?
Please book it and provide the reference number.
How many nights will you be staying?
Please book the hotel for 4 people and 2 nights. Thank you.
What day will you be arriving?
the same day... monday please.
I apologize, some of our new workers have phobias of the booking system, I booked you at [Acorn guest house], the reference number is 04CSEO7Q any other questions?
That's all I need for today. Thanks for your help!
I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay!


I need train tickets going to broxbourne leaving on monday please.
Where will you be going?
I will be traveling to broxbourne on monday from cambridge and need to leave after [8:00]
I have a train that leaves at 8:01 and one that leaves at 9:01. Both are 17.90 GBP. Which do you prefer?
Let's go with the one leaving at 08:01. Can you book that for five people for me?
Ok. I have booked 5 tickets from Cambridge to Broxbourne on TR5517 departing at 8:01 Monday. The total is 89.5 GBP and is payable at the station.
Can i get the reference number?
Of course, your reference number is HLGV5NI4 .
Excellent. I'm also look for a particular attraction called [great saint mary's church].
There is a Great Saint Mary's Church in the centre of the city on Market Square. It is 2 pounds to visit for the fee. Is there anything else?
What is the address and postcode?
The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq.
That is all i need for now.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I need a train on Wednesday, arriving close to [14:45].
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and arriving in Leicester.
There are several trains that would get you Leicester by 14:45. Did you have a departure time in mind?
I have no preference for departure time as long as I arrive by 14:45.
Ok there is one that leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06. Would you like to book that one?
Yes that sounds good, can you please give me the train ID and travel time?
Yes that train's ID is TR2854 and the travel time of the journey is 105 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse on the north side of town.
There is the [acorn guest house], out of 33 results, did you need internet, parking, or a certain star?
No, I don't need internet or free parking. Could you tell me the star ratings for those?
The acorn guest house has a 4 start rating. Would you like to hear other options?
No thanks, but can I have the postcode and price range for the Acorn, please?
Sure, the postcode for Acorn Guest House is cb41da and the price range is in the moderate range.
Great thank you that's all the info I need today.
Wonderful. Please don't hesitate to contact me again for more help. Good bye.


Can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I found 5 guesthouses for you. What part of the towns do you prefer to stay?
Any area would be fine. But do any of the guesthouses have a 3 star rating?
Yes. Does it matter what part of town? There is one on the south, one on the north, and one on the west.
The area doesn't matter, I just need to make sure I have a place to stay for 4 nights starting Saturday.
All right, I can make a reservation at the [Bridge Guest House] if you tell me how many people are in your group.
3 people.
I do not have that hotel at that time, should I try for a shorter stay?
How about just 1 night?
Okay, you are booked at the bridge guest house for 1 night (Saturday). Your reference number is NVYYU4ML . Can I help with anything else?
Thanks so much, I can't wait. Bye.
Don't mention it. I hope you guys have a blast.


I want to go somewhere in the east part of town. Can you give me information on places to go and attractions there?
There's several different types of attractions in the east side. Do you have a preference?
I don't. Could you recommend something interesting?
I think everybody enjoys the Funky Fun House. It is a great entertainment type of attraction.
Okay. Can you please give me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for the [Funky Fun House] then?
the phone number is 01223304705. the postcode is cb58hy. unfortunately, i do not have information about the entrance fee.
ok, i'm also looking for a train to cambridge.
Where will you be departing from?
I would be departing from stansted airport.
There are trains departing every hour. If you can provide me with the day and time you would like to travel, I'm sure we can find something fitting your needs.
I will be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by [10:00].
The TR9084 will get you in by 8:52, or the TR0031 will get you in by 9:52. Which would you prefer?
What's the travel time for TR0031?
It lasts 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No that's all I need thanks for the help.
You are welcome happy that I could assist.
Thanks very much, goodbye!
Bye! Enjoy your trip!


Could you let me know where in town I would find a hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I'm looking for the postcode and phone number
The phone number is 01223245151, postcode CB20QQ
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You are very welcome! good bye.


I'm looking for a train please.
There are several trains where are you going?
I want to go to Peterborough.
I can certainly help. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Do you have a day in mind to travel?
ill travel; on wednesday. get me the train ID and price
What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave Cambridge after [09:45], please.
I have a train leaving cambridge at 10:06. The ID is TR9805 and it's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
thanks for helping
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I only needed the train info. Thanks, again. Goodbye.
We hope you have a nice time in town. Good bye!


I am looking for information about the [City Centre North B and B] hotel. Can you help me with that?
Yes! City Centre North B and B is an inexpensively-priced guesthouse in the north of town at 328A Histon Road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes can I book it for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights please?
They weren't able to accommodate those parameters. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Sure. Let's try 2 nights. Thanks. I'll need a reference number, too, please.
The booking for City Centre North B&B has been made, your reference number is 0FAFY5PP .
Great! I also need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, please.
I can find one for you. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel, please?
The train should arrive by [14:45] and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.
Great, I recommend train TR5108. It departs at 13:29 and will get you there by 14:07. Would you like me to book it?
Please book that train for me now.
Certainly! How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets for the same day.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GSTIN0L6 .
That's all I need today, thank you.
You're welcome! Lovely day to you.


I'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the north.
I have two guesthouses that are moderately priced in that area with 3 stars. Would you like to book one of them?
That will be fine. I have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,5, and 6.
I would suggest the [Hamilton Lodge] if you have children. When will you be arriving and how long will your stay be?
I'll be arriving on a Saturday and staying for 5 days.
Your booking was successful here is your reference number, 16MQQFCD .
Sorry about that, I don't need a booking. Could you just give me the price range, postcode, and address instead? Sorry for the confusion
Certainly, the price is moderate. The postcode is cb41da and the address is 156 chesterton road. Anything else today?
Yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the north?
I have found two that meet your requirements, Golden Wok serves Chinese food and The Nirala serves Indian food. Would you like me to book one for you?
The [Golden Wok] sounds good. Can I get reservations at [17:45]?
I can certainly book that for you. I just need to know for what day and how many people are in your party?
It will just be one in the party. But I want to make sure I am out of the restaurant by 17:45 so can you make my reservation earlier?
I made that reservation for Saturday at 17:45. Your reference number is ZCM3EBE1 . Remember the table will be held for 15 minutes only.
I also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at [17:45].
What will your destination be in the taxi?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 17:45.
I have booked you with a blue bmw. The phone to reach them is 07067332345. Is there anything else I can help with today?
that is it thanks for your help
It was my pleasure. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.


I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [16:30].
I am showing 791 entries that will fit your criteria . Is their a specific day or departure location you would like ?
Yes, I need to leave Norwich on Friday.
Is there a arrive or leave by time you prefer?
I am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and I need to book 5 tickets. And can you please give me the reference number?
I have 10 trains that will have you arriving by 16:30. Do you have a specific departure time?
I just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.
I have booked you on the TR4828 departing Norwich from Cambridge at 14:16 and arriving by 15:35, the total is 88GBP and your reference number is HXYMACBP .
I also need help looking up a restaurant called [hk fusion].
It is a chinese food in the centre. It is expensive and located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Could you book a table for me there please? 5 people on Friday at [20:00].
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YB8DRR8X . What else may assist you with?
Thank you! I think that's all I need for now.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.
Are you looking to go by train or taxi?
Train leaving cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday anytime after [18:45]
We have a train leaving cambridge at 19:40 arriving at stansted airport at 20:08. Should I book seats for you?
No, not at this time. I would like to know the travel time and price, please?
TR2694 leaves at 19:40 and costs 10.10 pounds
Great, thanks. I also am interested in the [People's portraits exhibition at the Girton College], can you tell me more about that?
It's located in the west of town and is free of charge. Their phone number is 01223338901. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you tell me if they have an entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee for the people's portraits exhibition at girton college
What type of attraction is is?
people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town. Their address is girton college, huntingdon road. Can I help with anything else?
that will be all, thanks!
Happy to be of service - enjoy your day!


Are there any [Chinese] restaurants in the centre part of town?
jinling noodle bar is in the centre abd serves chinese food
Are they expensive?
They are in the moderate price range.
Please look for something else in the expensive price range. I will need the address, post code and phone number.
Does the [Jinling Noodle Bar] sound like a good choice?
Sure! What's the address, postcode, and phone number of it?
their address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode is cb23pp , and phone number is 01223566188
thank you for your help
Thank you goodbye


Are there any restaurants serving [australasian] food in the east part of the city?
I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No, how about [chinese] food?
[Yu garden] offers chinese food in the east part of town
Okay, can I please have the phone number?
Certainly, the phone number is 01223248882. Is there anything else I can do? Reserve a table for you, perhaps?
i am also looking for a hotel called [limehouse]
The Limehouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the North, would you like their contact information and address, or would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me if Limehouse has internet access?
It does have internet. Would you like to book a room?
I also need a Taxi that will pick me up by by [8:15] from the guest house to the Restaurant. I will appreciate to have the Car type and the number.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07241514490
I want to leave the restaurant by 8:15.
This is what we've requested for you. You're all set.
Thank you. That's all I needed. I appreciate all of your help.
Your Welcome. Have A Great Day!


I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called [cityroomz].
I've found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.
Sure. Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is IBDDDIAJ .
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our service today.


May I please have information about a train to Stevenage, leaving on Tuesday?
Certainly. Is Cambridge your departure point?
Yes, please.
Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Any that leave after [08:00] would be fine. I'll need a booking for 5 people, please.
You are booked for the TR4546 train. Your reference number is NALGEDH3 and 64 GPB will be due at the station. Is there anything else?
I would also like a moderately priced place to stay.
Is there a certain area that you perfer? Maybe free parking or wifi?
free wifi and 4 stars please
I have the guesthouse called [Avalon] available. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced. It's in the north. Would you like me to book this?
Sounds great. I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday.
I would be happy to book this for you. Will you be booking for 5 people?
Yes for 5 people and 3 nights.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 5KPWKTTX . Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.


I'm here to visit some colleges, can you please help me find the addresses of some of them?
Sure, I can get you the addresses. There are five different colleges. Did you have specific ones in mind?
Nothing in particular. Just give me the area, postcode, and phone for one of them.
[Churchill college] is located in the west postcode cb30ds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the phone number for them as well please.
Their phone number is 01223336233 .
I also need a place to eat called [tandoori] palace.
The tandoori palace is on the East side. Would you like me to reserve for you?
No thank you. I would just like the phone number and address.
Sure, the address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223506055.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
you're very welcome. you have a good day too.


Can you help me find somewhere in town to go to for entertainment?
Which area would you like to go?
Preferably the town centre.
I'm sorry but I'm not finding any entertainment attractions in the city centre, would you like me to try another area?
No, that's ok. How about colleges? Can you recommend a good one in the centre of town?
I always like to visit [Christ's College] when I am in the area. The address is Saint Andrew's Street. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I;m also looking for an expensive place to dine in the same area as the college. Can you help me with that?
There are 33 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like to have?
If there is a restaurant which serves [Indian] food, that would be perfect.
Curry garden is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food, would you like that?
Before I book the restaurant, I wanted to finish getting information on Christ's College. I have the address. I just need the postcode and phone number, please?
phone is 01223334900 and postcode is cb23bu is there anything else ?


Can you help me find a restaurant in Cambridge called [Loch Fyne]?
I sure can! Loch Fyne is an amazing seafood restaurant located in the centre of town. They are relatively expensive. Would you like any more info for them?
Can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on Wednesday, around [16:30] for me?
You're all set. Your reference number is D07SIPBF .
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?
Are you interested in things to do in the centre, or perhaps a different area? There is so much to do!
I would like it to be in the West.
I have a lot of different attractions. Would you like a college or museum?
The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of museum.
I would suggest [cafe jello gallery] located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. They have free entry.
Okay great! What is their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223312112. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!
Yeah, anytime. I am happy I could assist.
I think this would be a good time to end the dialogue. Goodbye.
Have a great day. Good Bye.


I need to find a hospital here in town.
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Does that work?
it does may I please have the postcode and phone number?
Of course! The postcode is CB20QQ and you can reach the main hospital at 01223245151. Was there a specific department you were looking for?
No, thanks, just the general info is fine.
The postcode is CB20QQ and you can reach the main hospital at 01223245151. Do you need anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. Please call us again if you have further needs. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay that includes parking
Would you have a preference for an area or price?
A hotel on the east side with free internet and parking if thats doable.
I have one hotel on the east that offers both free wifi and parking. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is expensive and has a 2-star rating.
I need the postcode too.
The postcode for that is cb13lh. Do you want me to book a room now?
No thanks, but I'd like some information on a train next.
i can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by [12:00].
We have over 400 trains that meet that criteria, what destination did you want to go to?
This will be on a Friday and I'm going to Leicester.
Is there a time you want to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00, which ever one is closest to that.
I have the TR7505 that will arrive by 11:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes! Please book for me and three friends. I need the reference number as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : A6Z2U9VN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that should be all. Thank you!
You're welcome, and have a great day.


Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay the night. I'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. Do you have any recommendations?
[Cityroomz] is a hotel in the city center with 0 stars. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book that for you?
No, I don't need to book a room, but can I get their contact info and location please. Thanks.
Certainly. Cityroomz is in the centre of town, and their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, postcode cb12tz. Their phone number is 01223304050. Can I help with anything else?
Do they have internet?
Yes, Cityroomz has internet. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes - are there any restaurants serving [international] cuisine that are located in the center of town?
Absolutely! There are two in the area - may I suggest [The Varsity Restaurant]?
Sure is that in the moderate price range?
Yes it is! Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book for 6 people at [1330] on Wednesday. Can I also have the reference number as well?
Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
What about the other restaurant that serves international cuisine?
[Bloomsbury restaurant] meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Wednesday.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book you for that time. Would you like to try another day or another time slot?
No how about trying another restaurant for the same time.
I'm sorry but there are only two international restaurants, is there another type of food you would like?
Could you try it for Tuesday?
I'm sorry, but I was unable to book either restaurant for 1330 on Tuesday either. Would you consider dining a little earlier or later?
If neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try [14:30]? It's later than I wished, but I guess that can't be helped.
I'm sorry booking for both restaurants at 1430 were unsuccessful would you like to try another time?
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for Wednesday at [13:30]?
Yes, I've got the Bloomsbury Restaurant at 13:30 for 6 on Wednesday.
Great can you please book that for me, and give me the reference number
I managed to book your table and your reference number is 5ISFHKR3 . Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.
Your welcome, have a nice day.


I'd like some help finding a park on the south side.
My favorite park is [Wandlebury Country Park] located at Wandlebury Ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Great! Could you give me the postcode for that address please?
The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thanks! Is there also a restaurant called [Curry King]?
Curry king is an indian restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table on Thursday, 6 people, at [18:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 6CULX9YN . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
You too, good bye now.
Have a nice day.


I am looking for information on the [Yippee Noodle bar].
Sure! Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town. What other other information can I get for you?
can i get the address and phone number?
Sure, yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223518111. How else may I assist you?
On second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at [12:30] on Sunday?
The Yippee Noodle Bar doesn't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try another?
Sure, please try for [11:30] Sunday. Still 5 people. Thanks.
All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is GVNN1K5V .
Thanks for your help.
No problem! Thank you, and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by [11:45]. I'm looking forward to a good lunch in Cambridge!
There is a train everday that arrives at 10:07
ok thank you, lets book that one
How many seats would you like to book on TR9178?
I would need seats for 5 people please.
I have you booked on TR2083 arriving in Cambridge at 10:07. It will cost 50.5 payable at the station. Reference EEBGS9FF .
Thank you. Can you also help me find a good [Italian] eatery? I'd like it to be moderately priced, please.
Sure, I can help you with that. What section of town were you looking for?
The area doesn't matter. Please recommend a good place if you could. I need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on Tuesday.
My all time favorite italian food place is [Prezzo]. It is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.
For what day and time is the reservation for 5?
Same day tuesday, lets try for [16:45], get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.
Your reference number for your reservation is 7E1MPES0 and they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I may assist you?
That is all, thank you very much
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for the police station
Contact the Parkside Police Station, Telephone 01223358966
Would you give me their address and postcode also, please?
Yes, the address is Parkside, Cambridge. The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks. That takes care of everything for me.
You are welcome. Please let me know if you need any further assistance.


I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.
We have 11 different options, any other features that you are looking for?
I'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.
Did you have a particular price range in mind?
no, but i want free parking.
[Acorn guest house] is a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?
Absolutely, your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9AN6IOSF .
Perfect. I'm also looking for a moderately priced [swedish] restaurant.
I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you find a restaurant in the north?
There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the north. Both are moderate priced which do you prefer?
The [indian] place could work.
Ok great and how many people will the table be for?
There will be 5 of us for Thursday.
Sure, what time would you like the reservation for?
I would like reservations at [13:15].
I reserved a table at [the n[irala]], your reference # is 6KLPX1T4, anything else?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
I booked you a taxi! It's a Red BMW and the contact number is: 07337581816.


Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.
I can certainly help you find a train leaving from Kings Lynn. What day would you like to go?
I want to leave on Sunday.
What time do you need to be in Cambridge? I have 19 trains available. Can you help me sort this out better for you?
[09:15] please, thank you for your help.
Do yo have a preferred time to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get to Cambridge by 09:15.
I have a deaprting at 5:11. Shall I book you one?
No, not today. Can you just give me the train ID and travel time? I guess I will need that departure time too. Thanks.
Train TR6003 departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The travel time is 47 minutes. It will get you to Cambridge at 05:58.
Thanks, I also need an expensive [thai] restaurant.
I have 2 options for you. [Sala Thong] is located in the west. And [Bangkok City] is located in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Which one has thai food?
Both choices serve Thai. I prefer sala thong.
Could you give me the phone number and address of [sala thong]?
No problem. The number is 01223323178 and they are located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Can I also get the postcode please?
Sure. The post code is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
No that will be all, thanks.
I hope when you come the weather will be clement.


I'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
I have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at [7:15 pm] on Wednesday for 8 people?
I see that out of the five restaurants, four are able to accommodate your reservation. Would you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican cuisine?
[Mexican] sounds good.
I have successfully booked it. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:PM. Your reference number is X4TB06R2 .
Perfect! Thank you!
Great. Have a great mexican meal!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
I show up to fifteen possibilities. Will you tell me your food preference? This will limit our search slightly.
I like [Greek] food.
I see several cheap restaurants in the area, one is mediterranean. It is called the Gardenia.
Just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at [17:15].
Okay I have booked a table for 1 on Wednesday at 1715 at Gardenia.


I am looking for something entertaining in the south.
We have several attractions in the South. Which would you be most interested in; cinema, entertainment, museum, night club, park or theatre?
I am looking for an entertainment type attraction.
great! i have two options for you to choose from!
Just pick one for me and send me their poscode, phone number and address.
Nusha is located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road. Their post code is cb17dy, and their phone number is 01223902158.
I also need a train from broxbourne.
I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I'm going to Cambridge, leaving after [13:00]. I'll need to book for 7 people. Can I get a reference number too please?
I booked you with TR7015 your reference number is K1AY8EKU .
Was that train on Saturday? I don't remember telling you the day.
Sorry, I can fix that. Did you need it for Saturday?
Yes please can you help?
Yes, I was able to fix that. I have a booking for seven people to leave Broxbourne on Saturday at 13:32. Total fee is 100.24 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is WZZMBZQ4 . Is there anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!
i am glad i can help enjoy your stay !


Hello, I am planning a visit to Cambridge and would like to find out about [Bloomsbury Restaurant].
Bloomsbury restaurant serves international cuisine, is located in the centre part of town, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and/or phone number?
Actually, are you able to book me a table? I'd like it to be for Saturday. The table should be for 8 people, at [19:15], and please provide a reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HSIINNN4 . Did you need anything else today?
I would like a train, arriving by [1500] and departing from birmingham new street.
There are 63 different trains that leave Birmingham New Street and arrive by 15:00, where did you want to go?
Cambridge, of course! I need the make it to the restaurant booking!
Certainly, leaving birmingham new street on saturday would you rather leave at 10:40 to arrive by 13:23, or leave at 11:40 to arrive by 14:23?
I would like to leave at 11:40 please
Train TR4553 departs at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23. Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Can you confirm that the train booing is for 8 people, please?
Yes, I was able to book 8 tickets on that train for you. The total fee due, payable at the station, is 480.64 GBP. Your reference number is G99GK4JT .
Wonderful! You have been incredibly helpful. That will be all I need today.
Okay! Glad I could be of help.


Can you help me get to [ely train station] by [12:00]?
Yes. Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from [eraina]
Okay. I have a black audi and the contact number is 07356404697. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks, that's all for now.
I'm glad I could help. Goodbye.


Help me find a place to eat expensive [russian] food.
There are no Russian restaurants in this area. Is there another type of food I can help you find?
Are there any Russian restaurants in the west at all, forget it being expensive.
There are none available. Would you like to try searching with different criteria?
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve [Indian] food in that area?
Yes, there are 5 different expensive Indian restaurants in that area. Might I suggest Maharajah Tandoor restaurant?
That can work. Can you get the address and postcode please?
The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre and the postcode is cb30ah.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same price range, but it must include free parking.
I found 5 hotels, would you like Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, it has the highest ratings.
The hotel must have free wifi too, sorry.
The [Huntingdon Marriott] has free wifi as well.
I need a booking starting on Monday for 3 nights for 8 people please.
You room reservation is all set. Reference number is : HJQ7ZA48 . Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you that's all!
You're welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.


Hello! I'm looking for a fun attraction in the center of town.
I have two nightclubs and a cinema. Would either of these venues interest you?
How about the cinema? Could you tell me their name, as well as their phone number and entrance fee?
The Vue Cinema is located at The Grafton Centre on East Road. Their phone number is 08712240240 and there is no entrance fee listed.
Thank you very much. I am also interested in a hotel named "[Bridge Guest House]." Can you please provide me with a bit of information regarding this hotel?
Bridge guesthouse is moderately prices with 3 stars, wifi and parkign are included. Would you like more info on them?
Can you just go ahead and book that for me?
i sure can, what day are you wanting to check in?
I want to go on Sunday. 7 people and 5 nights. Thank you.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LVEIJI1A .
Thank you, have a great day.
i hope i have been of help to you.
You have. Thanks again. Good-bye.
Have a great day!


Are there any trains leaving from Stansted Airport on Thursday?
I have 19 trains available. Could you narrow it down to a specific destination and departure time please.
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by [20.45]
The train that arrives the closest to your preferred time is TR2286 which arrives at 19:52. Does that work for you?
I would like to make a booking for TR2286 for 1 person.
Ok, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR2286. The fee of 10.10 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference code is QHKC3MOF . Anything else I can do?
Thank you I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking.
I have several results matching your request. What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I don't have a preference for area, I would just like it to have 4 stars and a moderate cost with free parking.
There are 9 options for a guesthouse with your requested price and amenities. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is lovely this time of year, if you're interested?
That works. What's the phone number, area, and if they have internet?
aylesbray lodge guest house is in the south of town, their phone number is 01223240089 and they have internet
Could you book it for me?
I'd be happy to. When would you like to begin your stay, and for how many nights would you like rooms reserved?
I just need it for one night for one person please. Can you tell me which area it is in?
It is in the south area.
Thank you very much, I think that's all I needed.
You are welcome. Have a good day!


Hi, I could definitely use some help finding information on a particular hotel.
There are 33 hotels to choose from. What type of hotel do you prefer?
I am interested in the [Gonville Hotel].
sure, what would you like to know?
I need the price range, area, and star of the hotel.
It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. It is a 3 star hotel.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yeah, I can definitely do that. What day would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I believe I'll wait on that reservation.
ok, is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes, I need a train leaving after [18:30]
I have over 2800 entries under your specification. Would you like to narrow it down?
leaving norwich going to cambridge on thursday
Okay! You can leave at 19:16, or on one of the 4 other other trains that depart every hour after. Which would you like?
That train will be fine. Can I please get the train ID, arrival time and travel time?
Sure, the train id is TR2493, the arrival time is 20:35 and the train ride is 79 minutes long. Do you need me to book you a ticket?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Where is the nearest police station?
The Parkside Police Station is located in postcode CB11JG at Parkside, Cambridge.
What is the phone number?
01223358966 is the number
Thank you. That is all I need.
If there is nothing else I can help with, have a great day.


I'm looking for help regarding a car accident dispute I was in.
You should contact the police at 01223358966.
What is their address?
The address to the polic is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks, that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi there, I am looking for a train going to Cambridge, and departing from London liverpool street. Can you book me one?
Absolutely. Can you please tell me what day you would like the booking to be made for?
I'll be traveling on Saturday, please. Oh and I don't want to leave too early, let's say something after [17:45].
The first train after 17:45 from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge leaves at 19:39 and arrives at 21:07. Would that be to your liking?
That would work, could you tell me the travel time for that as well?
Absolutely. The travel time is 88 minutes for that route. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, I don't need it booked right now. I would really like to find a college to visit in town.
I have many colleges but I could recommend [clare hall]. It is on the west side. Would you like more information on one?
Yes. Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for that information, you've been very helpful. I will call back when I'm ready to book the train. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
There is not a cheap hotel in the centre area. Is there another area I can look for you?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4,
The cambridge belfry is 4 star hotel in the cheap price range in the west part of town. Do you want me to book this hotel?
I need to be in the centre. Is there a guesthouse available, if there are no hotels?
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse, located at 56 saint barnabas road.
Great! I want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to try a different day?
how about thursday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TFAJJNJF
Thanks, that's all I need. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day. Bye now.


Yes, I'm looking for the hotel [Limehouse].
limehouse is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Please. I'll be checking in by myself on sunday, and staying for five nights.
It was successful. The booking number is WCRBSYUL . Is there anything else?
Yes. What can you tell me about [cherry hinton hall and grounds]? I am interested in visiting it. Do I need to book a tour?
It is in the east area of town, and it does not tell me if there is an entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you provide me with their phone number as well?
The telephone number is 01223446104. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a high scale [chinese] restaurant.
We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specfic part of town?
Yes, I do. I would like it to be in the north.
May I suggest [Hakka], a very nice Chinese Restaurant in the north part of town. Shall I provide you with more information?
No but can I make a booking for 8 people at [18:30] on sunday.
I have made those reservations your reference number is 61KTQSEO .
Thank you so much for your help
You're welcome is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, get me some more information on magdalene college please
Yes their address is Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138.
What is their postcode?
The post code is cb41jy. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from [Magdalene] to [Hakka], please? I need to make sure I get there for that reservation.
Your taxi is a blue volkswagen . The contact number is 07121936050
Great! Thanks for all your help today! Goodbye
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant called [J Restaurant].
J Restaurant is an Asian restaurant located in the city centre at 86 Regent Street. Would you like to me make a reservation for you?
Yes please, for 4 people at [17:45] on Saturday.
Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : CB27MMO8 .
Thank you, I am also looking for a train, I need it to depart from Cambridge on sunday.
CAN YOU PLEASE BOOK THIS
Uh... you alright? I guess I can do it myself...
I'm sorry. I can book your train. Where would you like to go, and what time would you like to be there?
I'd like to leave after [09:30] on Sunday and go to kings lynn from cambridge.
There are 14 trains leaving every hour, with the first being at 10:11 and the last one of the day being at 23:11. Which would you like to book?
Let's go with the 10:11 train. I'd like to book for 4 people and will need a reference number, please.
I have booked the train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn for Sunday leaving at 10:11 and arriving by 10:58. Reference # 4LPYRWCU .
Alright, that's everything. Thank you for all of your help!
You are welcome.


Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in northern Cambridge that has moderate prices. Could you help me?
We have one Chinese and one Indian restaurant that matches your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation at one of these?
The [Indian] one sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation just yet. What is the name of it?
The name of it is The [Nirala]. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need for now, thank you for your help.
I'm glad to have been of help. Enjoy the rest of your day.


Hello. Can you help me in locating a certain hotel?
Sure, what is the name of the hotel?
I am looking for the [Alpha-Milton Guest house] and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Friday. Can you send me the reference please?
Your reservation was successful and your reference number is UO8AN5FO . Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you so much!
Thank you for calling, enjoy! Goodbye.


Hello, any interesting colleges in town?
I am showing 18 colleges. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Not really. Which do you think would be the most interesting to visit?
I would suggest Christ's college in the city centre or Corpus Christi college in the west. Christ's college is free and Corpus Christi costs 2 pounds? Which do you want?
What is the postcode of [Corpus Christi]?
Their postcode is cb21rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in.
I have 24 guesthouses. Let's narrow it down a bit. Do you have a price range?
I need something with free parking and a 4 star rating.
That cuts it down to 16. I can recommend the [Acorn guest house], or do you have a pricerange or area of town you want to stay in?
Pick any of them, please. Book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2WPLODLS . is there anything else i can help you with?


I want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
How about The Missing Sock? They serve international food at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, postal code C.B 25, 9 A.Q .
Thank you, goodbye.
Woah, okay, bye.


I am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.
I have several restaurants matching your request. What type of cuisine would you like?
I don't really care. Can you please suggest one for me? And please include the postcode. Thanks.
I recommend The Oak Bistro. They serve British food and the postcode is cb21eg. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No thank you. I did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.
There are 44 attractions located in the centre of town like the restaurant. Is there a particular type you would like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum. Are there any in the area?
There are 11 different museums in city centre. I find the [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology] to be fascinating. Would you like to learn more about them, or keep looking?
That sounds interesting. Can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?
Entry is free and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the [bistro]?
What time would you like to travel between the two places?
I want to leave the museum by [07:45].
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Audi. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07749170478. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's everything I needed today.
You're welcome and have a great day.


Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called [HK Fusion]. What info can you get me for that?
HK Fusion is a Chinese restuarant located in the centre of town, at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
What is the phone number and food type?
It's a chinese restaurant, and the phone number is 01223355909. May I help with anything else?
No I think that's all I need to know. Thanks for the help.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, and then some! Thanks so much.
That's great. Glad we could help! Goodbye.


I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet? I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.
That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I'd like 4 stars though.
Ok what about the [allenbell]? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by [19:45] and departs from Cambridge.
What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?


What type of food does [the Oak Bistro] in Cambridge serve?
The Oak Bistro serves British food. Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book a table for 5 on Saturday at [16:45]. May I get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?
Are you sure this is the location you are looking for?
What do you mean? Do you have another suggestion?
No, it just seems as though our system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your restaurant requirements?
The Oak Bistro for 5 people on Sunday at 16:45. Also I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.
You're booked at the Oak Bistro (Ref #QUJHQIMG). There are two hotels available: one in centre and one in south. Do you have a preference?
No preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. I need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.
I'm sorry, neither hotel is available for that booking. Would you like me to try a different day or shorter stay?
Is it available for 2 nights then?
Great your reference number is DK2CZK2P .
Thanks. I'll also need a taxi from [the hotel] to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by the [16:45] reservation.
I have booked your taxi as well. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Could I get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.
The car is a yellow tesla. Contact number: 07951091729
Thank you. Do I need a reservation number for the taxi?
No you do not need a reservation number for the taxi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I almost forgot; I need the hotel name, LOL.
Of course! Your reservation is at the [G[onville Hotel]].
Thank you so much for your help today.
No problem, you have a lovely day!


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
do you want curry prince ?
Is there anything else ?
There are two other moderately priced restaurants on the east side, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton serving Italian food, and Rajmahal, another Indian restaurant.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food of one of them?
Rajmahal is the Indian restaurant. They are at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 244955.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I am interested in staying at the [A and B Guest House], could you help me book my stay?
I can! I would just need the day you be checking in, the length of your stay and the amount of people you are checking in with.
Oh yes, sorry. I would like to check in on Wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 7 of us.
I have booked a and b guest house for 4 days for 7 people Reference number is GDH3Z9CI .
Great and I'd like to find some entertainment.
I have 5 results for entertainment. Do you have a particular area of town you're looking for entertainment in?
Oh, I don't mind where it is, but I'm thinking I'd like to visit something with boats.
I have four attractions involving boats, would you tell me if East, North or centre would be most convenient?
Any one will do. I would just need to know how much it costs and the address and phone number for it.
The entrance fees for the boat attractions are not available, would you like any more info?
Well, the phone numbers and addresses of these boat attractions would be helpful.
Of course. [Camboats], on the east side, are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. You can call them at 01223902112.
I also need the entrance fee.
I'm sorry but I have no information on the entrance fee listed.
Okay I will give them a call.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you.
You're welcome. I'm here if you have additional questions.
Thanks again. Good bye.
Have a good day!


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve [indian] food.
There a several throughout the city. Is there an area of town in which you would prefer to dine?
Not really. I've heard [Saffron Brasserie] is good, though. Could you book a table for 6 there at [19:45] on Wednesday?
Done! Your reference number is MFP31MA6 . Do you need anything else?
I would also like to find something fun to do in the west of town.
There are several Colleges and Museums you can visit. Would you like a recommendation for both?
Just choose one that is your favorite and tell me its type and phone number
[Churchill College's] phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I assume that is a college type, right? And I also need a taxi
Yes it is and they have free entrance. Where would the taxi be picking you up?
I need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by [18:45].
I have booked a red skoda as your taxi. You can reach them at 07447845138 .
I appreciate all your help. That will be all for now.
I'm glad we could help! Contact us anytime you need anything in Cambridge. Good Bye.


I'd like a train leaving on Monday and arriving by [11:45], please.
I can help you with that! First, can you tell me the desired departure and destination locations?
London Kings Cross to Cambridge please.
How about a train that leaves at 05:17?
That works,will yhou book it for 5 people and I need the train number
Ok. You should be set. The booking was successful. The train number is TR0378. Would you like the reference number too?
Yes, I do need the reference number.
It is FE03L94U .
I am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's moderately priced. Can you help with that?
I have two options for you, both in the north side. [Ashley Hotel] and [Lovell Lodge], all moderately priced, with free wifi and parking.
Are they both 2 star rated?
Yes, both are 2 star rated, moderately priced and located in the north. Both of them also offer free parking and free internet. Would you prefer one of them?
Yes book the [Ashley Hotel] for the same group of people for 2 nights.
I just need one more detail. What day would you like to book the hotel?
On Monday please.
What day will you be wanting the room for?
On Monday, please. I want a place to stay when I get there.
I have those rooms reserved for you. The reference number is: M99Y2T1R . Can I be of further assistance?
No, thank you very much for your help.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a great evening. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a park please?
We have 5 beautiful parks in Cambridge. My favorite is the [Botanic Gardens] in the center. It's 4 pounds to get in, but definitely worth it.
That sounds great! Can I get their postcode please?
Yes, the postcode is cb21jf.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train going to cambridge.
I'd love to help! where are departing from and which day?
I'd like to leave after [10:45] on Monday. I'm departing from Ely.
There is a train leaving at 11:17.
make a booking for 3 people.
You're all set! Your total, which is payable at the station is 70.8 GBP. Your Reference number is : KCRPUI1L . Can I assist you with anything else today?
That should be everything. Thank you very much!
Wonderful! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!
Thank you, take care!


Can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi?
Yes I have many options in different parts of town, mostly in the cheap to moderate price range do you have any preferences for where you stay?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range please.
There are 11 options located in the east, north, and south. What location would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter. I need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Okay I booked you at the [Acorn Guest House]. Your reference number is Z0322EQ3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


I want to stay at a 4 star hotel
There are 33 hotels that satisfy your request are you looking for a specific area of town?
I need a place in the east with free wifi.
i am recommending the [acorn guest house]
Okay that sounds good. Let's book it for just me, and I am planning to stay 4 nights beginning Thursday.
I apologize, but the hotel isn't available during that time frame.
could you please try one night
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8DW9YAFR .
Great, thanks for your help.
Your welcome, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that was all I needed today. Thanks! Take care!
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


I need to find a train to Cambridge on Sunday.
Where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross.
There are 10 trains that fit your criteria. Do you have a leave at or arrive by time preference?
It needs to leave after [14:30]. I need a booking for 2 people.
I have a train that will leave at 15:17 and arrive in cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works for me. I need the reference number.
I was able to successfully book your tickets. The reference number is 02BPMPU4 and the total is 37.76 GBP which is payable at the station.
Thank you! Could you also suggest a museum to visit in the centre?
There are 11 museums in the city centre. Are you interested in art, antiques, technology, archaeology, science?
Perhaps one without an entry fee?
[Castle Galleries] is located in the Centre and has free admission.
That sounds perfect. Can you please give me the phone number, address, and postcode?
The phone number for Castle Galleries is 01223307402, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and the postal code is cb23bj.
Thank you so much for your help!
No problem, is there anything else you'll be needing from me?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.
It was a pleasure helping you with your planning today. I hope you have a great trip. Good bye!


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What is the food type you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue please.
How about [Sitar Tandoori], It's address is 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, their postcode is C.B 1, 9 H.X, and their phone number is 01223 249955.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve indian food.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank You
goodbye
Good day!


I need directions to [leverton house], a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?
Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.
Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.
What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.
What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after [20:45]. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I'm looking for general information on places to go in the east area of town.
the camboats and the funky fun house are both located in the east side of town.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the [Camboats]?
The Camboats are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. The postcode is CB58SX. Would you like the phone number?
No need, but I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you please find one for me.
I'd be happy to help with your request, can you be more specific on the day you're travelling and what time you'd like to depart?
I will be traveling on monday and I want to arrive by [21:45] .
Trains run every hour on that route, starting at 5:11. What would be a good departure time?
Whichever you that leaves the latest but still gets me in by 21:45
TrianID TR1465 is leaving at 20:11 and will have you in cambridge by 20:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book this train for 2 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : FC8I7U3O .
That's all I need. Thanks you so much for your help.
Thank you for using our system today!


I'm just looking for a hotel to stay at tonight please.
There are many options. Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay in?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any 2-star hotels with free wifi?
Yes I would suggest [lovell lodge] would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse, please? And what is their postcode?
It is a hotel and the postcode is cb41sr. Would you like me to book this for you?
Not at the moment, but you can help me with one more thing? I'd like info on a particular attraction called [Lynne Strover Gallery].
i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need their phone number and address.
adress is 365 milton road and phone is 0122345425478


Where is the Parkside Police Station located?
In Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks, what is their number?
Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you goodbye


looking for [arbury lodge guesthouse]
Arbury Lodge is located at 82 Arbury Road, in the north area of town. It's 4 stars and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like a room for 4 nights starting from Sunday. I will also need the reference number please.
Sounds good. How many people should I make reservations for?
just one person please.
I have made your reservation for 1 person, for 4 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is RX0F3K8S . Is there anything else I can do for you?
thanks. i'm also looking for some places to visit around town.
What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.
great, i have 13 you could visit!
Wow! That's one smart place. Pick one that you like!
[gonville and caius college] is my favourite. can i give you their contact?
Yes please give me their entrance fee and phone number.
[gonville and caius college] has a free entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by [12:30].
you have been assigned a white skoda and the contact is 07605405449. what else do you need?
Thanks so much for the information. Good day!
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.


I am trying to find the Parkside Police Station.
The contact for Parkside Police is, 01223358966. They are located in postcode CB11JG.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you, please contact us if we can assist you further.


Can you assist me in getting a train that leaves after [18:30]? Thanks
To help you find the train you are looking for could you please provide me with your departure site and destination? Also your departure time and arrival time? Thank you.
I'm coming from Broxbourne going to Cambridge on Saturday.
I have 6 trains for you to choose from. The earliest leaves at 18:32. Do you want me to book a ticket?
How long does the journey take?
The train ride is 60 minutes long.
Thanks, that's all I need for the train for now. Are there any interesting attractions in the town centre?
We have lots of architecture, colleges and museums. Do you have a preference?
Nope, any will be fine. I just need an entrance fee and phone number for one.
Okay, you can try Great Saint Mary's Church. Admission is 2 Pounds. Their phone number is 01223350914. Can I help you with anything else?
No. that will be all. good bye.
Have a great day!


I want to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
When would you like to travel?
It will be on Friday.
I have trains departing as early as 05:11 in the morning and as late as 23:11 in the evening. Any time preferences?
I want one that leaves after [13:00]
TR8494 leaves Cambridge at 13:11 and arrives by 13:58, will this suit your needs?
Can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the centre of town please?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Actually, sorry I got ahead of myself. I still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 13:00. I want to book for 5 people.
We have several. Do you have a preferred arrival time?
No, I need to leave [after 13:00]
I have train TR8494 that leaves at [13:11] would that work for you?
That would be perfect! Can I have a reference number for the train?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 49 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JCZKJYT9 . Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, so that restaurant. I want something that serves [fusion] if possible.
I'm sorry I was unable to find a fusion restaurant. Would you like to try another type of food?
Yes please try [mediterranean] food.
I have two expensive mediterranean restaurants in the center. May I recommend shiraz restaurant for you?
OK. Can you give me their address and phone number?
Their phone number is 01223307581, and their address is 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'll have to think about it, but thank you.
You are more than welcome!
That's all I need, thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I need help with a car accident dispute.
I'd be happy to help, I have the number for Parkside Police, is that near your location?
Can I have the address and postal to check?
The police station is Parkside, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB11JG. I can give you the telephone number, too.
Thank you goodbye
I'm glad we could help. Call us anytime you need something in Cambridge. Thank you!


i want somewhere that serves [traditional] food.
There are no traditional restaurants in the city. Can I help you with a different type of cuisine?
How abou [asian oriental] food
There are 5 restaurants meeting your criteria. What area and price range did you have in mind?
What is the address and phone number?
The dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food. They are located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.
thank you. good bye.
Good bye


Yes, I am looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. Ideally, I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in? Also, do you need internet and/or free parking?
I would like one with 4 stars please.
There are 11 that match your criteria. We can narrow that down a bit. Would you prefer the North or the East?
Any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting sunday?
I have you booked at [Acorn guest house] in north. Starting on Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is ADGSM6SI . Would you like their address?
Thank you. I will not need their address. Goodbye.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


Hello, do you know where the parkside police station is?
It is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Can I get the phone number?
Their contact number is 01223358966.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome. If you think of anything else I can help you with don't hesitate to ask.


I am looking for a college type attraction.
Sure. There are a number of college attractions to visit. Is there a specific place or area of the city you were interested in?
none. just recommend one and let me know its entry fee.
How about [king's college]? It's in the centre of town and the admission is free. You can contact them at 01223331100.
Great! I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.
There are 15 results for guesthouses in the moderate price range, what area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like 4 stars, please.
Great, how about the [Archway House]? It's in the North, moderate price, and 4 stars. It also has internet.
do they also have free parking?
Archway house does have free parking, would you like me to book it for you?
Not at the moment. What is the postcode?
The postcode to [Archway House] is cb43pe and the phone is 01223575314. Would you like me to book this for you?
I would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by [08:45]. I need contact number and car type please.
A blue BMW will pick you up, contact number 07646838374. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hello. I need a place to stay in Cambridge, in the centre that is 4 stars.
Would the [university arms hotel] work for you? They're located on Regent St, downtown.
As long as it has wifi.Can you book it for me ?
It does have free wi-fi. I would be happy to book it for you. When will you check in, how many nights and how many guests?
I would like to check in on Monday and stay till Thursday. Just me and my wife.
Will you be leaving on Thursday or will you be staying at the hotel Thursday evening?
I will be leaving on Thursday. Can you book and give me the reference number?
I was unable to book, do you want to add a day?
Are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 2 people for three nights starting on monday?
I apologize. I was able to book the University Arms Hotel starting on Monday for 3 nights for you and your wife. The reference number is A4FZE39M .
Thanks! I'd also like a [vietnamese] restaurant. A cheap one, though.
The [Thanh Binh] is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the West, and it is located in 17 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af.
May I have their phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223362456. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all the information I need for now. Thank you very much, have a nice evening. Good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.


I need a cinema to go to in the south.
The [cineworld cinema] is the place!
Can you tell me the address?
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant in the same area.
I have 9 different restaurants in the south. Lets try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range?
Do any of the nine restaurants serve [north american] food?
No, they do not. How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton? It is Italian but it is popular with the Americans here.
We eat Pizza Hut way to much. Can you try something with [indian] food? It is a special occasion so it can be expensive.
There is Taj Tandoori which is located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, but can you give me the phone number and postcode? Thanks!
Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223412299 and the postcode is cb17aa.
Thank you! You have answered all of my needs.
It was a pleasure. Thank you for using our service. Good night.


I'm travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday and need help finding a train.
We have trains running that route every two hours beginning at 5:35. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I want to arrive by [18:30].
I have several options available is there a time you would like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference.
Train ID TR6971 is 4.40 pounds Should I book it
Yes, and please give me the ref. number.
Great! How many seats will you need?
Just me please
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FCO2L8AN. May I assist with anything else?
Can you help me find a park in the south?
There are two parks in the south. They are both free. I recommend wandlebury country park. Can I help with anything more today?
Please tell me their phone number and address
Wandlebury Country Park is located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham and their phone number is 01223243830. Can I assist you further?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks again for all of your help
Glad I could help.


If you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the South end
[The l[ensfield hotel]] is on the south end, has 3 stars and is expensive. Would you like to book that?
I am still deciding, can you verify whether or not they have free parking?
Yes, they have free parking.
Yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday. We will have 8 people in our party.
Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is XDWV7SAT . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south.
We have several choices. Do you have a preference in the type of food?
Anything you recommend will work. I need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 1[9:15]
I reserved a table for you at [f[rankie's and bennys]] your confirmation # is HEAZ99BV, anything else?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, one that gets me there in time for my reservation.
The booking is completed, and you will arrive in time for your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you give me a contact number for the taxi and the car type that will pick me up?
Yes, the contact number is 07017025881. The car is a blue volkswagen. Anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you very much!
You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to contact us again.


Can you help me find a place to have dinner?
Sure! What type of food are you looking for and in what area of town?
I'd like some good [asian oriental] food. Near the centre of town would be great.
I found the yippee noodle bar it is in the moderate price range, their phone number is 01223518111. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Actually, do you have anything that is expensive. It's a business meeting so I'd like to impress them.
There is [kymmoy] that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table?
Yes can you book it for Tuesday at [12:00] for 4 people?
Okay I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 9A4YK0UB . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything that I need. Thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your dinner!


I am looking for a restaurant in West Cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.
There is [la margherita], an italian restaurant and thanh binh, a vietnamese restaurant.
Yes, I am interested in the one that serves [Italian] food.
How many people will be dining, and for what date and time?
There will be 4 people and I would like to reserve it for Wednesday at [6:15].
I wasn't able to make that reservation. Would you like to try a different time?
How about [17:15]?
That booking was successful. Your reference number is XF1JEIBG .
Great. Can you also tell me about [Churchill College]? I am thinking of visiting that.
Churchill college is on the west side on Storey's way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233. Anything else I can tell you?
I think that was it. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge, I would like to visit multiple sports in the east area.
the [cherry hinton village centre] is in the east area would you like the phone number?
No, but I'd like the address and postcode if you have it.
The address is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton and the postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. I also need information on a train. I need one that leaves Bishops stortford after [13:30].
There are several trains available after that time, what is your preferred time and day for booking?
The train needs to leave on sunday and depart after 13:30.
Okay, I've got TR4651 which leaves Sunday at 15:29 and arrives 16:07, will that work for you?
Yes that works, can I also get the price?
Certainly. The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book this now?
Ok great, can you confirm that this train goes to cambridge please?
Yes, TR4651 does indeed go to Cambridge.
Thank you for the information. That's all I need right now. Good bye.
Of course. Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. Thank you.
There are several restaurants in the price range what type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food is not important, but I would like a nice place that has tables available on Saturday evening.
Sure, I would recommend the [Midsummer House] Resaurant which serves British food. It is a nice, expensive place located in the Centre.
Great I would like to make a booking for 21 person on a Saturday for [18:45].
I'd be happy to help with your request, could you please verify the number of people in your party?
just for one person. i'm a sad and lonely person. do you want to join me for dinner??
I have booked you at the midsummer house restaurant, your reference number is ZNN1RQ7E . You will have a great time, and I'm sure meet lovely people. Enjoy!
I also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on sunday.
i got 5 trains on that day. what time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [15:00].
There are 99 trains leaving Cambridge Sunday. What is your destination?
I need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 15:00.
TR2402 arrives at 14:07. Want to book?
Yes can you book that for 1 person as well?
Yes. There is a train that leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07, would you like to book this train?
Yes, that would be great. It will be only one person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TZXLECBZ . Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's it for me today. Thanks a lot.
Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I'm looking to take a train on Friday from Stevenage.
I have 10 trains departing from Stevenage on Friday. They depart every 2 hours beginning at 05:54. Can I book one for you?
Book me the train leaving at [7:54] please.
That's fine. How many tickets would you like?
Just one ticket please. Can you also tell me the arrival time?
You will arrive by 08:43 and your reference number is W1RIE69Y .
I am looking for some entertainment in town.
Do you know what you are looking for? Do you want a museum or maybe the Cinema?
What museums are there?
There is broughton house gallery located in the centre or cambridge artworks located in the east. Both are free. Do either work for you?
They both work for me. Can I have the addresses of both please?
Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street and Cambridge Artworks is at 5 Greens Road.
I think [Broughton House Gallery] will work better for me. Can you tell me the entrance fee, please?
The broughton house gallery is free entrance. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you, have a great day!


I'm looking for hotels in the center.
The Alexdander Bed and Breakfast is a good recommendation. It has four stars and affordable pricing. The Gonville Hotal is also a good choice. Would you like the address to either?
I would like for the hotel to have a 4 star rating and include free wifi.
There are two, one in the expensive price range, one in the cheap price range. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference.
The [University Arms hotel] fits all of your criteria, would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book a room for 3 people and 5 nights.
What day would you like to start your reservation?
Please start the reservation on Monday. What is the reference number? I also need a restaurant that serves [australasian] food at a moderate price in the same area as the hotel
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in that area which meet your criteria. Would you like me to search for another type of cuisine?
Could you see if there is a restaurant that serves [British] food in the same area as the hotel?
Certainly, we have either restaurant one seven, [the oak bistro], the copper kettle, cotto. Can I book a table at one, if so how many will be dining?
Three people please, on Monday at [18:30].
Booked you a table at the [oak bistro]. Your reference number is SSUTW528 .
Thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome.


Does the Addenbrookes Hospital have a [psychiatry] department?
Yes it does. The phone number for the psychiatry department is 01223596102. Would you like to book an appointment?
No, thanks but can you pass on the address and postcode please?
Of course, Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That will be all.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need to find a hotel in Cambridge with decent prices.
I found 33 places that will fit your preferences. Do you have preference as to the area?
The area is flexible. But, I would like something moderately priced and have a star rating of 0.
I see 2 hotels with a zero rating; north side and centre. Which one can I book for you?
I would like it in the centre.
What day would you like to book? How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying?
Friday, for 1 person and will stay for 2 days. Can you book it for me ?
[el shaddai] has been booked for you for Friday.
Oh I'm sorry I forgot to mention I must have a hotel that includes free parking.
El shaddai includes both free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'll need help finding a restaurant called the [Cambridge chop] shop, too.
You might be thinking of The Cambridge Chop House, at 1 Kings Parade. Does that sound right? I can help you book a table if you like.
Yeah that's it, book it for me as well please.
What time would you like to book the restaurant for and how many people in your party.
I don't need a reservation at this moment. Can I have the postcode for the el shaddai hotel?
Sure the postcode is cb11eg. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's everything I need. Thanks a bunch!
Okay, well thank you for calling! You have a good day!


Hello, I need a hospital please and make sure it has a [medical decisions unit], if you will.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a medical decisions unit. It is at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Can you please let me know their phone number?
The medical decisions department can be reached at 01223596066.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Will there be anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.
You are welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


This Saturday, I need to take a train from Ely to Cambridge. Can you assist me?
sure, do you know what time you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by [11:30].
I have a train that arrives at 9:52. May I book it for you?
Please. I'll need 8 tickets.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : X3KOQ6Z3 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a place to dine, preferably in the Centre and I would like it to have modern [European] food.
There are several options. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
The price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. As long as they have a table for 8 at [15:30] on Saturday.
How does the [Galleria] sound, moderate price?
That sounds good! Could you book it for me?
I waqs unable to book that for you, Are there any other interest you may have ?
Would Thursday work better for the booking?
I'm not able to book that either?
Hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on saturday. and if that doesn't work, then thursday.
Sorry, it looks like my system is still down. You may want to contact the restaurant directly.
Can you try again please?
For how many?
There are eight of us.
Sorry the system is down. Please contact the restaurant directly at 01223362054. Anything else?
Thank you very much. Goodbye
Thank you for your inquiry. I hope I was helpful.


What theaters are in the Cambridge centre?
We have the cambridge arts theatre, the adc theatre, mumford theatre, the cambridge corn exhange, and the junction.
Ok, can I get the address and entrance fee for the [Mumford Theatre]?
The entrance fee is not listed would you like the phone number or address?
Yes please. I would like that very much and I also would like information on the [Ugly Duckling] restaurant.
Ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant and very good too. Address 12 St. Johns Street in city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?


I am looking for a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.
There are a few good guest houses to choose from, like a and b guest house, acorn guest house, alexander bed and breakfast, and allenbell are all 4 stars.
Are any of those 4 star?
Yes they are. What area would you prefer?
Please recommend one that is in the North. Wifi not a necessity.
i recommend [home from home]. can i book for you?
Yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday please. Can you suggest good restaurants in the area as well?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is LQS5D89F . What type of food would you like?
I would prefer [Italian] food and to be in the same area as the hotel. Thank you.
[da vinci pizzeria] is in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. Again, there are 5 of us on Sunday. Book us for [11:00].
Booked! The reference number is 4JW5ITOL . Anything else today?
I would like a taxi to the restaurant.
For your taxi, I need to know your departure location and a time you want to leave after or arrive by
I want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my [11:00] reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi
Contact them at 07437768895, it is a red Honda.
Thanks for your help, goodbye!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?
I would recommend the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] museum. It is located at 6 trinity street and it also has free admission. Is there anything else that you need?
What is their postcode?
That postcode is cb21su.
Thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
Okay, what area will you be staying in?
I'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.
What is your star rating preference?
I really do not care anything will do
I recommend the [University Arms Hotel] on Regent Street. Would you like to book a room?
I want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where and when do you want to the taxi to pick you up ?
Can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by [07:30]?
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow honda Contact number : 07397168594
Thank you for all of your assistance.
Thank you have a nice day.


i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called [the place].
The Place is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.
Can you get me phone number please, thank you
Sure thing, that's 01223324600.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel room.
Yes what area would you like to stay in and what price range are you considering?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and doesn't need to include internet. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking. price doesn't matter.
How about the Cityroomz? It's a hotel in the moderate price range. It's located at Sleeperz hotel, station road. Would that work? Can I book it?
I don't need you to book it thank you.
ok, anything else i can help you with?
Sorry, I am changing my mind. Please book [Cityroomz] for 4 nights starting on Saturday, for 8 people. Thanks.
You have been booked for Cityroomz. Your reference number is HAGWQ5KE .
Thanks a lot for all your help!
you are welcome all the time
okay goodbye
Bye! I hope you have a lovely stay!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to stay. I prefer a 4 star hotel in the west.
If price is no object, I'd recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. I also have a cheap hotel and a cheap guesthouse in the west.
I would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Do you have one?
Yes, [finches bed and breakfast] is a guesthouse in the east, cheap yet 4 stars, and both parking and internet are available. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?
Yes, they have parking. Would you like to book or know more info?
id love to book!
Great, can you tell me when you'd like to book?
Can you please give me the address and phone number of the location? I would also like to find some college-related attractions in that area.
The number for Finches is 01223276653. The address is 144 Thornton Road.
OK, thank you. I can't book just yet. Are there any colleges in the east part of town?
There are no colleges available in the east part of town.
Hmm. Is there a similar guesthouse in an area that does have colleges?
No, unfortunately. That's the only place.
I'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by [21:00]. I'd also like the contact number and car type.
I apologize for any confusion, there are actually 5 colleges located on the West side of town near the guesthouse. I would recommend visiting the Churchill College.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?
Sure. [Churchill College] is on storey's way, and the phone is 01223336233.
Great, now I need to book a taxi to go between the two, please.
I have booked your taxi. It is a black lexus and the contact number is 07034946796.
Great! Thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Actually I think there has been some confusion. I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the WEST. The locations you gave me are in the wrong area.
I do apologize for the confusion earlier, I misspoke. Finches B & B is in fact in the West.
Okay, thank you.
Would you like more information?
Nah that won't be necessary. Appreciate the help!
Thank you, I'm glad we could help!


I am looking for places to go in the east.
Anything specific? There are museums, entertainment, boats, a park, multiple sports, a pool. Any of this interest you?
Nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the East side.
How about Cambridge Artworks, it has no entrance fee.Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
Not really. Could you recommend something?
[archway house] is located in the north at 52 gilbert road. can i book that for you?
No, thank you, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes for 3 people for 5 nights from Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : NT9VPI1K .
Great thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a nice day then!


I'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.
I have many options. Do you have a preference for the area you would like to stay in.
The area doesn't matter. I would like free wifi though, if possible.
Unfortunately we do not have any moderately priced 1 star hotels in Cambridge. I'm sorry! Cityroomz has 0 stars in the centre, does that work?
Not really, how about 4 star?
There are several moderate 4-star places to stay throughout town, but they are all guesthouses. Would a guesthouse work for you?
Do they also have free parking?
acorn guest house does have free parking,would you like that one?
Yes. I also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.
Would you like me to reserve the acorn guest house for you?
No, I don't need a hotel booking at this time. I'd like to find a place to dine on Sunday.
Dojo Noodle Bar is a nice cn I book you a table ?


Could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 in that area. Please choose a food type. African, Asian, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, North American, Modern European, Seafood, Thai, or Turkish.
I want to try [Seafood]. Can you book for 4 people at [17:45] on Thursday?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like Loch Fyne has tables at that time, and they're the only one that focuses on seafood. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as Loch Fyne.
Ok, I can book at [Bedouin] if you would like? They serve african food.
Yes,and book it for 4 people on Thursday at [7:45],thank you.
Ok I have booked a table for 4 at Bedouin on Thursday at 7:45.
Could you please give me the reference number?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BTY06386 . May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner. Bye.


I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town
We have several options. What price range would suit your needs?
It doesn't matter. We want to eat [indian] food.
Well I have the [Curry Garden] in the expensive price range.
Please provide me with the address and telephone number.
Yes, the address is 106 Regent Street in the City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Can I help with something else?
Could you also book it for me? 3 people, [14:30] on Sunday.
I have your table booked for Sunday afternoon. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 28O595TK . Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you that is all
The prompt before this call came through said that you needed two things, do you need anything regarding a hotel, transport or attractions?
Sorry, I do need to find a guesthouse as well. Something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?
The [alpha-milton guest house] will fit your needs. Would you like me to be book a room there?
No thank you, I just need the address, phone number and area.
the alpha-milton is located in the north. their address is 63 milton road and the postcode is cb41xa.
May I also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?
Sure, the number for [Alpha-Milton Guest House] is 01223311625. Can I help with anything else?
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time
Are you sure that you don't want to get to the restaurant for your booked time?
I do need the taxi to get to [Curry Garden] by the booked time of [14:30]. I'm a little scatter brained today. Thank you for clarifying.
Great! I have booked you a taxi, which will pick you up from the hotel. It will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07140486418. Anything else today?
nope, that's all thanks so much!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes,that is it for today. Thanks again.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I need a train to leave from London's Cross.
What day would you like the train for?
I'd like it to be for Saturday.
I have a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 05:00 and arrives by 05:51 at a price of 18.88 pounds. Is that OK?
Yes, it is perfect. Thank you
I'm sorry I had that completely mixed up. There is a train leaving London Kings Cross at 5:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 6:08. Does that work?
Yes please book that and give me the reference number of the booking.
Yes I was able to book that and your reference number is XYVAABBJ . Cost of the ticket will be 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
Glad to help. Have a nice day. Good bye.


looking for places to go in town and be in the South
What type of attraction are you looking for?
The attraction should be in the south.
how about [nusha]? it's located in the south.
What's the entrance fee?
Unfortunately, Nusha has not provided any information on entrance fees. I can seek other options, if you'd like.
then find me a particular hotel called [cityroomz]
There is a hotel called Cityroomz in centre located at Sleeperz Hotel, station road. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it.
When will you start your stay?
I need it for Thursday night, for four nights, for 4 people. I'll also need a taxi by 10:15. I need the car type and contact number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y3CFU8WN .
Thank you. I'd also like to book a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by [10:15].
Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07264671188 All set. What else can I help with today?
I think I got everything I need thanks to you!
Well, you are very welcome. I hope you have a great time!


I am looking for an expensive [Korean] restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?
[Little Seoul] is the only one - it's an expensive korean place in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, save me a table for one at [11:15] on Monday. Thanks!
I was able to make that reservation for you. Reference Number: 3GQAM8LN . Anything more I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.
We have several. May I suggest lynne strover gallery.
That sounds great, can I get the phone number and postcode please?
Sure thing! Their number is 01223295264. The post code is cb30aq. Anything else dear?
No,and thank you kind person for helping me!
Excellent, please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Thanks and have a great day!


I need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?
Definitely! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the East part of town. I prefer something expensive also.
I have the [express by holiday inn cambridge]. 15-17 norman way, coldhams buisness park. Would you like to book there?
Yes that would be great, thank you.
When would you like your booking for?
I need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.
Your reservation has been made for 3 people, 5 days beginning Saturday. Your reference number is: UX99D4XR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like a place to go in the same area as the hotel.
What sort of place are you looking for?
What is the postcode for the hotel? I would also like to visit a museum.
The hotel postcode is cb13lh. There are 4 museums in the area I recommend [cambridge museum of technology]. It cost 5 pounds but there are free art museums.
That technology museum sounds interesting. Do you have the postcode, please?
yes its cb13ef can I help you with anything else ?


I'd like a train leaving from Norwich and arriving by [17:15], please.
Certainly! First, can you confirm the day you are traveling and the destination you are traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on Saturday.
Sure how many tickets? First train leaves at 05:16 and the last 09:16. Do you have specific time in mind?
The train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 4 people
How about TR1156, it will depart Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35? Does this work for your schedule?
That should work, can I please get a reference number? Also, I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 4 stars.
Booked! fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: G5DHGHZV . Also do you have an area preference for the hotel?
No, but I would prefer a guest house.
We have 33 total entries that match you criteria, location varying from north, south, and east. Would you like any more information on them?
Just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend. I need it for 3 nights for my group. For the same day we are traveling.
I've booked your group rooms at the [Acorn Guesthouse] for Saturday, staying 3 nights. Reference number is 8Y6XQ1PM . Need anything else today?
No that was all thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.


Are there any restaurants in town that serve [modern american] food?
No, there are none. Is there another type of food you would liked to try?
What about any expensive restaurants with [traditional American] food in the centre of town?
No, I'm sorry there are not. There are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre? Might you try a different cuisine?
Sure how about [Italian]?
Yes [Don Pasquale Pizzeria] has Italian food and is in the center of town.
The restaurant sounds good. Please book a table for Sunday at [17:00] for 4 people.
Your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete! Here is your reference number DPMRYTRL . How else may I assist you today?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye!
You're welcome, enjouy your meal.


Hi. I'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
There are several good restaurants in the south part of town. Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range?
Yes, I'd like a restaurant that serves [portuguese] food.
nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese.
Nandos sounds great. Thank you.
thank you good bye
Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel with free parking but wifi isn't a necessity.
I have many possibilities for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I would like it to be cheap.
Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
Hotel please.
I found just one. The [Cambridge Belfry] located on Back Lane, Cambourne. It has a great reputation.
Can I have the address and postcode?
Their phone number is 01954714600 and address is back lane, cambourne.
i am also looking for a place to dine
Do you want a restaurant near the hotel in the west? Do you have a price range or cuisine in mind?
It should be in the same price range as the hotel.
I have two options for you italian food or vietnamese food. Which would you like?
I actually really want some [Turkish] food. Can you find a place in the centre that is cheap?
i dont have anything that matches your description. would you like me to try something else?
Please check again for a cheap Turkish restaurant in the centre. If not, try Indian food.
I just don't see anything I would be happy to change location or type of food.
Hm is there a cheap turkish food restaurant anywhere in cambridge?
No there is not. Can I try a different price range?
Do you have any cheap restaurants in the centre?
Lots! Any particular cuisine in mind?
No, do you have one you recommend?
I would recommend [j restaurant]. It's an asian oriental restaurant and I hear the food is amazing.
Ok that will work. I need the address, phone, post code for that.
The phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you. I still need the address and postcode.
Their address is 86 Regent Street City Centre postcode cb21dp. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, that's all for now.
Ok! have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [world] food.
I'm sorry I can't find any world food restaurants located in the centre.
How about a restaurant in the centre that serves [Korean] food?
[Little Seoul] is a great place that fits your description. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please. I would like a table for 7 on Tuesday. Try for [11:15] please.
I have nothing available for that day and time slot, can I book you another day or time slot at that restaurant?
How about [10:15]?
I have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15. Here is the reference number for your booking: KAHFBHYI .
Thank you so much for your help. Bye.
Glad I could help today, is there anything else that I can resolve for you?


looking for [mediterranean] food
[La mimosa] serves mediterranean food in the centre of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.
it is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525 .
Thank you! Goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye


Hello, I need to book a ticket on a train from broxbourne on Friday.
There is a train every hour from 05:32 from Broxbourne to Cambridge. It costs 17.90 pounds and is 60 minutes travel time.
I would need to leave after [09:15]. What's the first train after that time?
I'd recommend TR2145 which leaves at 09:32 and arrives by 10:32. Would that work for you?
yes, that would be good for me. That is TR2145 and leaving at 09:32 arriving by [10:32].
Yes, it will cost 17.90 pounds. Do you need me to book some tickets for you?
One ticket, please.
The train has been booked the reference number is 8Z33FXBR
Great can I also find a place to dine in the centre of town with [halal] food?
I'm afraid we don't have any restaurants that serve halal food in the centre of town, or in town at all for that matter. Would something else work for you?
Can you check for one with [British] food?
I have about 7 different options in British food. Do you have a price range you prefer?
No preference, give me an option.
There's The Oak Bistro and The Copper Kettle, which are moderately priced, and Fitzbillies and The Cambridge Chop House are expensive. Do any of those sound appealing?
Yes I would like to book the [Copper Kettle] for 2 people on Friday for [18:15].
Wonderful! I've made your reservation and your reference number is AMNTUIN5 . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you!
You are welcome, I hope that you enjoy your time here! Feel free to reach out to us at the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anything else.


I am looking for a park in the west area.
Unfortunately there are no parks in the west. Wanna try another area?
How about museums in the west?
Yes and [Lynne Strover Gallery] is a nice one and it is free. Would you like their information?
Yes please give me their address.
Yes the address is 23 high street, fen dilton. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking please.
There are 21 options. Do you have a preference for star rating, area or pricerange?
I want it to be rated 4 stars and have wifi included
There are 16 to choose from. Does price range or area matter to you?
No that does not matter to me, I just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. I'll need a reference number.
Booking was successful at the [a[corn house]], reference number is Q3ABQGJE, is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to pick me up at [19:15] from the attraction and take me to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info.
The taxi will be a blue tesla Contact number : 07110094473
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I want to find a train that leaves from Norwich on Monday.
There are 19 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by time or destination?
Yes, the train needs to arrive in Cambridge by [12:15].
There are 6 different trains that arrive by 12:15, did you have a time you wanted to leave Norwich by?
Any departure time is fine.
Okay I can book you for TR9020 leaving at 05:16 on Monday. How many tickets would you like?
I need 5 tickets. Can I please also have the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MD5UWGDZ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on the [Sitar Tandoori] restaurant.
Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant on the east side of town. They are located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, cb19hx. Their phone is 01223249955.
I'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at [16:15] if it's available. I'd also like the reference number for that please.
Unfortunately, the time that you provided for 5 people is not available. Do you have other times that you prefer?
Can you try [15:15]? And I'll need a reference number if they have a table available.
Your party of 5 is booked for the restaurant at 15:15 and the reference number is 6OWS31DG . Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all I needed, thank you for your help.
Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [english] food
There are no restaurants that fit your desired criteria. Is there another cuisine type or price range?
[European] food that is moderately priced please.
[galleria] serves european food and is in the moderate price range. Would you like their location?
What is the address and postcode?
The address for Galleria is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W. Can I help you with anything else?
That is it. Thank you.
thank you good bye


I'm looking for a train leaving on Saturday from Kings Lynn.
Do you have any time preferences?
I need to leave after [13:00].
What will your destination be?
I am wanting to go to Cambridge.
The TR1499 leaves at 17:11. Can I book some tickets for you?
Yes book for 4 people
You're reference number is BIAZMBUC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre city.
I have several restaurants in the centre in the expensive range. What type of cuisine would your prefer?
No preference. Can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at [17:45] on saturday. & may I have the reference # please?
I would recommend [british] cuisine. Would that be okay with you?
That would be fine. Is it available Saturday at 17:45?
The restaurant [Fitzbillies] is available, and I've made you a reservation. Your reference number is 4WGDGOSA .
Thank you for your help, have a nice day.
It was my pleasure to serve you. Please contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a good day.


I need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.
Okay I have an italian, a british and an indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
The cuisine doesn't really matter, but I guess I should try some [British] food while I'm there?
I found the [saint johns chop house]. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 7 people this Monday at [13:30] please?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they can accommodate that time slot. Would you like another?
Can you try [12:30] please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LVT4TTLK .
Any interesting attractions in that part of town?
There are 13 attractions, ranging from colleges, to entertainment, to museums. Do you have a type preference?
I'm sorry. I need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was British food. I also need a taxi there by the booked time.
That's no problem, I can look that up for you. Their postcode is cb30ad.
Before we worry about the taxi, I guess it would help to find which attraction. Sorry to confuse you. What attractions do you have in the west?
I have 13 places in the west. What type are you looking for?
What would you recommend?
The [cambridge book and print gallery] is interesting, and offers free admission. How does that sound?
That sounds wonderful, could I get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?
They are located at 40 newham road and the phone number is 01223694264. Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
I would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and I would like to make sure I arrive in time for my reservation.
Okay, I can do that for you.
Can I get the contact number and car type, please?
Your contact number is 07138378718 and the car type is a white volkswagen. Can I assist you with anything else?
You have been a great help! Thank you! Goodbye.
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after [05:45] and should depart from [the missing sock].
What is the destination you are trying to get to?
I would like to go to [great saint mary's church].
I booked you a black bmw at with a contact number of 07939407760. Is there anything else?
No that was it. Thank you very much!
I'm glad we could help. Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.


I'm going to be in centre Cambridge and am looking for something to do. Suggestions?
Yes I have many options. You could visit architecture, a museum, the theater or the cinema. Which do you prefer? There are also a lot of famous colleges to see.
How about a college?
There are thirteen colleges in central Cambridge. Corpus Christi, for example, is located at King's Parade. Trinity College is located at Trinity Street. Would you like more information?
I would like to see more information about Corpus Christi.
Of course. It is located in the town centre, on King's Parade. The cost is 2 pounds and you can call them at 01223338000. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would like the postcode for Corpus Christi too.
The postcode is cb21rh. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would also like to book a place to stay, please.
We have many different hotels. Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse if possible.
Of course! Are you looking for a certain part of town? How about amenities?
I would like for it to have free wifi.
We do not have any located in Centre Cambridge. We do have 14 locations in the area that offer moderate pricing and internet. Is there a better area?
Any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. Pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on Saturday for 2 people, please.
I've booked you a room at the lovely [A[valon]] (ref#3OK8ZQ7U). Can I help with anything else today?
Actually, yes. Can you book a taxi leaving [Corpus Christi] College by [24:15]?
Booking completed! Please look out for a Black Audi. The contact number is 07752731336. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. You've been a lot of help.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I really have a craving for some good [chinese] food. Can you suggest a place?
I sure can! We have 17 wonderful chinese places, is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I just need one that is moderately priced. Can you just recommend one and give me the phone number please?
The Golden Wok is sensational. The phone number is 01223350688. Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you recommend me some places to go that is in the centre?
Sure, did you have anything in mind? We have quite a few free options!
Oh anything would do really, just needs to be in the centre.
I enjoy [The fez Club], it's a nightclub in the centre. It has a 5 pound entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could I get the postcode of the nightclub?
Sure. The postcode is cb23hx.
Okay thanks! That's all I needed to know!
Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using our service. have a good day!


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, but I need address and postcode for the Hospital, please.
Addenbrookes Hospital's address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and their postcode is CB20QQ. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
Have a great day!


Hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves [Kosher] food?
im sorry there are no places serving kosher food
That's alright. How about [Chinese] food?
Yeah, there are a lot of options. Was there a specific part of town or price range you were looking at?
I need it to be in the moderate range please.
great, i have four options for you!
cool, which one is the best?
I like the [golden wok]. Would you like a booking made.
No thanks. I would like the area, address, and postcode please and I will take it from there.
The Golden Wok is located in the North part of town at 191 Histon Rd, Chesterton. The postcode is CB43HL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich.
on which day do you want to travel?
I need to leave Monday and arrive by [21:30].
train TR3753 arrives at norwich at 09:55, should I book that?
Yes that should work, how much will that cost?
17.60 pounds per person, also how many shall I book for?
That is all I need today thank you for your time.
Have a nice day.


I would like to find a nightclub to go to while I am in Cambridge. Can you give me information on any?
Yes, there are six clubs in Centre, Cambridge. Each location charges a 4-5 pound entrance fee. Do you have transportation?
Yes, I would like a taxi.
I'd be happy to book a taxi for you. What are your departure and arrival sites, and what time do you need transportation?
Actually, I need to find a college.
Sure! There are several colleges in the centre. May I suggest emmanuel or downing college, both have free entrance fees. Would you still like to book the taxi?
Yes, that is good. But I really need a train to Cambridge, leaving after [12:15].
What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne on Friday.
How about a [12:32] on Friday that will arrive by [13:32]?
That will work can you get me a ticket for that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3I6DQ4C .
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!
Thank you for choosing us for your booking needs. Havea great day.


I'm looking for a train from Cambridge leaving on Sunday.
I'm sorry, can you please restate your request?
I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.
There are 202 trains departing cambridge on Sunday. To narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and when would you like to arrive in cambridge?
I'm leaving Stansted airport after [11:00]. I need the price, too.
I am confused. Do you need a train leaving Cambridge and where is your destination?
What is the price for a train departing Stansted Airport after 11:00 on Sunday, heading to Cambridge? I don't need a ticket, just the price.
They all look to be 8.08 pounds.
Great, i also need something to do, a college maybe. What type of college attractions are available?
There are over 15 colleges located in cambridge. All quite amazing. Were you looking to visit one in the west or centre?
In the west and I will need the entrance fee if there is one, please.
There are 5 located in the west. Two of them are free. Do you want access to those?
I'll take the first one that isn't free, but I'll need the price and the phone number please.
The entrance fee for Clare College is 2.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223333200.
Got it thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's all I needed.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.


I really need to find a restaurant that serves [modern european] food. An expensive one is fine.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the center. Would you like to book a table there?
No, that's okay, I'll just drop in.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please provide phone number, address, and postcode for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Darry's is located at 40270 King Street City Centre, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223505015. Can I help you with anything else today?
While I have you, could you please give me some information about the [Hamilton Lodge], if you have it?
well it's a guesthouse located in the north and offers free wifi and parking, would you like to reserve a room?
Yeah, actually, I need rooms for 6 people starting on Thursday. I need it for 5 nights.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ZJ1XGX96 .
Thank you. That's all I need.
Alright then, have a nice stay here and enjoy!


I need some help involving a problem with an automobile accident.
If you are in an accident and need help you can contact the police department at Parkside, Cambridge phone 01223358966 or the hospital on Hills Rd 01223245151.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


I'm looking for place called [club salsa].
That is a nightclub at 1 Station Road in the town centre. What would you like to know?
I needed the address, so thanks for that!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for info on a restaurant called [pipasha].
Pipasha is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food in the east part of town. Do you need more information?
Could you tell me what area Pipasha is in along with the post code?
[Pipasha] is in the east. The full address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton postal code cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant. Can you schedule that for me?
What time would you like to leave the club by taxi?
I would like to leave by [21:45] please.
I have a yellow Lexus picking you up at Club Salsa at 21:45. The contact number is 07451777629. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope. That will be all, thanks.
If you have any further questions, please let us help! Good bye.


I wanted to visit the Center, could you tell the the hours it is open?
I'm sorry, which centre would you like to visit?
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. Can you make suggestions?
Vue Cinema is a great place in the centre of town for movies. Or there's Ballare which is a great nightclub.
Can you tell me the postcode for [Ballare]? That sounds fun.
Ballare postcode is cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was hoping for a cheap restaurant close to the Vue Cinema.
we got 5. which type of food do you want?
Do you have any that serve [Australian]?
I have none that serve that food. Perhaps another type?
What about [chinese] food?
May I recommend [Charlie Chan]? It's a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to book any tables?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for 4 people at [12:15] on Friday. May I please have the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LN38RS7A .
i would also like to check on getting a taxi to commute me between the two places.
what time would you want to be picked?
Sorry not sure yet.
Do you need anything else?
For the taxi I need to be picked up in enough time to arrive to the restaurant in time.
To book a taxi I need time of travel, departure location and arrival location.
I need to leave from the [Vue Cinema] to get to [Charlie Chan] by [12:15].
The taxi is a yellow audi which will pick you up at Vue Cinema and take you to the restaurant by your reservation time. The taxi contact number is 07365464061.
Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day.


Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the East part of town?
The best match to your request is [the missing sock] located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.


I was told I need to do something at the Parkside Police Station. Can you give me some info about it?
Sure, their phone number is 01223358966, and they are in Parkside, Cambridge
Do you also have the police station postcode?
The post code for the police station is CB11JG.
That is all I need. Thanks, good bye.
Have a wonderful day!


Hey there. I think I need a vacation asap. You think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?
We have 21 places that meet your request, do you know if you want a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the east.
I have no hotels in the east. Would you like to try another area?
How about a guesthouse?
There are 6 guesthouses available. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference but I need it for 3 nights starting on Friday for 3 people.
The booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?
I was able to book you at [a and b guest house]. Your reference number is QGABNRTX . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking.
What is your destination that day? Also is there a certain time you would like to arrive or depart by?
It should arrive by [8:30].
So you want to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30? Can you tell me where you'll be coming from?
I want to depart from broxbourne. Could I get a reference number please?
There are two choices, one arrives 6:32 and the second one arrives at 7:32. Which one would you like and how many tickets do you need?
Please book the 6:32 train for 3 people and please provide me the reference number
The number is SPRQBYFB, is there anything else you need?
That's it for now. Thanks for all your help. Great service. Good bye.
The the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a fun nightclub here in town.
There are six nightclubs in town .One is in the south while the others are in the center
The one in the center sounds fun. How much is the entrance fee?
I would recommend [Ballare]. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number?
The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard; the phone number is 01223364222.
Thank you. I am also hoping to stay at a guesthouse in the north. Can you help me with that?
There are 11 guesthouses in the north in the cheap to moderate price range. How many stars are you looking for?
I don't have a star preference.
[Avalon] seems to match your criteria, it's a great guesthouse! Would you like to book a room?
Do they offer free parking? If so, I would like to book.
I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different place?
Could you check one that's in the moderate range instead?
the avalon is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
I'm glad that it's a nice place, but is it moderately priced and with free parking?
Yes its moderately priced but unfortunately it doesn't have free parking. Would you like me to search for a hotel that offers that particular amenity?
That is just fine. Please book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
I have booked it for 5 nights/8 people starting Wednesday. The booking reference is KX7LBOB7 . Anything else?
No that is all for now thank you.
sure thing! Have a nice trip!


I need to take a train to Bishops Stortford on Thursday.
I can definitely help you with that. Do you have a particular time of day you want to depart?
My schedule is somewhat flexible but I need to arrive by [14:00].
The TR2929 can get you there by 12:07, it departs at 11:29, can I book you for tickets?
Yes I would like a booking for 5 people.
Okay, the booking was successful. The total cost is 50.5 GBP and it can be paid at the station. The reference number is OOGHNZGW .
Thank you. I also need information on the [Gonville Hotel]. Can you look at that for me?
Yes, of course. What would you like to know?
i need to book that hotel for four nights.
Ok, I am getting the info up now, how many people, and what will be the first night?
The hotel will also be for 5 people starting sunday
You're hotel reservations have been made. Your reference number is HKBN4ZXY . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that was all I needed.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I need a train to cambridge from norwich on Sunday, please.
Sure, when would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by [14:30], is there anything for that time?
TR5225 arrives at 13:35 if that would work for you?
Yes perfect. What is the departure time on that train so I am not late.
Sorry it leaves at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35.
Wait, I thought it arrived at 13:35, no?
Yes you are correct train TR5225 arrives at 13:35.
Can you verify the departure time for that train again please?
The departure time is 12:16 PM
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'd like it to be located in the centre and be a mutliple sports
Unfortunately there are no such venues. Can I help you with anything else?
Are there any theatres to go to in the centre of town?
I have 4 options here. I suggest [adc theatre] at park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes can I get the address and fee and number for the theatre?
It's located on park street, postcode cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Unfortunately, their entrance fee is not available.
Thank you. You have bee very helpful. Have a nice day.
you are welcome, enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a hotel in the expensive price range. Internet is not necessary.
We have 5 hotels that meet your request. Is there a specific area you'd like to stay in?
I need a place in the east, please.
That would be express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like to book that?
Um, no thank you. I think that's all I need for today!
Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
No, actually I do need to book the [Holiday Inn Cambridge] as long as it has free wifi.
The holiday inn cambridge has internet but I do not have any information on whether or not it is wifi or free.
Can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday?
Okay, I have you booked for three nights starting on Saturday. Your reference number is PDMS5WA1 .
Thanks, do you know of any colleges near the hotel?
Unfortunately I'm not finding any colleges near the hotel on the east side of town. Would you like me to expand my search to another area?
How about a swimming pool in the same area?
Yes! The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is on the east side of town, at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get the entrance fee and phone number for the Abbey Pool please?
Their phone number is 01223902088, and their entrance fee is not listed in our system at this time.
Ok. That's all I need then.
Great. Thank you very much for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I need a train on Wednesday
Where are you departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Cambridge. My destination is Birmingham New Street.
I've got lots of available trains that will get you there. Do you have a preferred time you want to leave or arrive?
I want to leave after [08:15], arrival isn't that important.
I have one leaving Cambridge at 9:01 and arriving in Birmingham at 11:44. Would you like to book this one?
Yes. Would you please provide me with the reference number?
I have booked you and your reference number is 93NZYRZQ .
Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.
Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.
What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.
We have [ashley hotel] and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.
Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?
Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday. I need to leave after [19:30].
TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?


Hello, I am looking for a [Lebanese] restaurant in any area. Could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? I'm very hungry and need food!!
Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 N.T
Thank you, goodbye!
You're welcome!
thank you goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross
Sure. Where are you going?
I would like to go to Cambridge, after [11:15]
Okay, and what day do you want to make the trip?
I want to leave on Monday.
Great, TR5720 from london kings cross to cambridge leaves monday at 11:17. Can I book this for you?
Actually, can I have the price, and the travel time please?
The cost is 23.60 pounds and the trip will take 51 minutes.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you for your help today.
Thank you very much. Have a nice day.


Can you set up a taxi for me that will take me to [williams art and antiques]?
Yes i can! What is your departure site?
I'm departing from [cambridge museum of technology].
Great, and what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after [15:30].
I have a yellow toyota with contact number 07308855944.
Thanks for handling this for me.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
That would be all. Thanks a lot.
Glad we could help. Call us anytime. Good Bye.


I'd like to find a train please.
OK, do you know what day and time you're traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday and need to arrive in Ely by [9:30].
And where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge and I'll need 7 tickets total. Can I have the reference number after you book the tickets,please?
I have train TR1955 arriving at 08:07 will that work for you?
Yes, please book that. Also, I am looking for a hotel named the [allenbell]. Can you find information on it for me?
I booked 7 tickets for you on the TR1955. Your reference is JS5U3C0K . I will now help you find information on the allenbell
Thank you. I will need a price range, whether or not they have free parking, and the area please.
It's a cheap guesthouse in the east side of town. They have free parking. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.
Your welcome. Is has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye


I'm looking for information called [scott polar museum].
The scott polar museum is located in the centre area of town and is free. Would you like anymore information?
Yes, could I get the address please?
it is located on lensfield road
Thanks I also need a train that goes to broxbourne.
And what day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday, after [18:00] please
TR6516 departs at 18.01 the price is 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else?
No. Thanks. That is all.
Have a good visit.


Howdy! Is the [City Centre North B And B] still in business?
I am sorry I have no listing for that hotel. Can I help you with any other information?
I was hoping to book the City Centre North B and B for a 4 night stay starting Tuesday. Could you please check again?
Yes. I can find it. How many people will be staying?
It will be 5 people and 4 nights.
I'm sorry, that wasn't available. Can I reserve a different hotel?
Yes, same price range please.
OK, I got you a booking at the [Worth House]. It's a 4 star guesthouse also in the Northend. Your reference number is: DVTY60KZ . Can I do anything else for you?
Okay thank you that is all I need.
Great. Have a great day!


I am coming to town and need a hotel in the north. I will be working so need free wifi as well.
We have 12 hotels in the north with free wifi. Any other preferences so we can narrow things down for you?
What about a guesthouse that's a moderate price range?
The [Acorn Guest House] fits those criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. There will be 7 of us arriving on Tuesday, and we're staying for 5 nights.
You are all set at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is B1GC6P8N
I also need a place to go in town, i'm thinking a college.
I'm sorry, but there are no colleges in the north. Can I try another area/attraction type?
Are there any colleges in the south?
There are not. Would you like me to search a different area?
if there ain't none, can you try a nightclub? get postcode, entrance fee, and address
[The place] is a nightclub in the south.
Which nightclub is it? And can you get me the information on it?
It's called the place and it's located at 22 sidney street. The phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, the entrance fee is unavailable. You have to see the prices while at the club.
Thank you. I will look for the Entrance fees at the door.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, I can manage on my own from here.
Ok, thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range
There are 33 options. Do you want to specify food type?
I would love some [modern european] food.
[darrys cookhouse and wine shop] fits your needs.
Awesome! Can I make a reservation for Thursday?
We can try! How many people should I book the table for, and what time?
We'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at [16:15] on Thursday, please.
Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : WWQVD41C . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in town. Prefer that the attraction be a type of cinema.
[The vue cinema] would be a perfect choice. the address is grafton centre, east road. Unsure of entrance fee. The phone number is 08712240240.
I'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to Darrys, I'd like to get to the restaurant by [16:15].
A blue audi will arrive for you. Here's their number just in case you need it. 07884218213
Thanks so much, that's all I needed today!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'll be travelling to Cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay. I'd love to stay in a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
I have 24 options to choose from. Do you have a preference for area, stars, pricerange or internet?
I would really like something in the North with a two star rating.
I am sorry but I am not showing any 2 star guesthouse in the North. Would you like to me check availability for 3 or 4 star in the North?
How about some options for 2 star hotels instead of guesthouses.
I still can't find anything that matches that. Could you like us to look at other areas of the city?
Are there any other type of hotels that match?
I'm terribly sorry, I have nothing that has two stars in the north at all.
I really need a hotel room in the north with a 2 star rating. Can you please double check?
I just double checked and nothing. Do you want to try another star rated hotel?
Well, maybe you can help me find an attraction called the [Gallery at Twelve a High Street].
The gallery at twelve a high street is a museum on the eastside. address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264. Entrance is free. Anything else you need today?
No that is ok. Thank you.
Thank you! Goodbye.


I'd like to take the train to cambridge from birmingham new street on tuesday, can you help me with that?
I have many trains available on Tuesday. Do you have a time preference?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by [19:30], please.
The TR 4631 arrives by 19:23. Would you like to book this one?
Yes, book please and I need travel tome and price
How many tickets would you like me to book?
I only need one ticket today.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is ZCR9P2WW . Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you for your help
Thank you, have a great visit, goodbye!


[Indian] in the north
there are two Indian restaurants, Royal Spice and The Nirala.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of one of them?
[Royal Spice] is an Indian restaurant on the North part of town and it is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


Yes could you please give me information on the attraction called [Tenpin]?
Yes it is an entertainment venue and it is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Their telephone number is 08715501010. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes. Could you please give me the postcode and entrance fee?
The postcode is cb17dy and I am sorry but we do not have any information on the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you help me find a place to stay? I need a hotel that includes free wifi and has a star of 1.
There are none showing up under that criteria, shall I look at other options for you?
Yes please see if there are any other options.
There is a hotel with 0 stars called cityroomz and a hotel with 2 stars called ashley hotel. They both have free wifi. Do either of these interest you?
No, is there one with free parking and 4 star?
[Huntington Marriot hotel], the Cambridge belfry and the university arms hotel all have a 4 star rating, free parking and also include wi-if. Can I book any of those for you today?
Yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on Thursday for 3 people.
Great! You're booked at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel with reference number O18FI4L8 . May I help with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything I needed.
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?
We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.
That narrowed it to eight choices. How about [Home from Home]? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.
I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday. The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ . Is there anything else you need?


I am looking for a restaurant called [lan hong house]. Can you get me more information about it please?
Sure lan hong house has some of the best moderately priced chinese food and is in centre area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, on thursday at [20:00] for 8 People. Could I get a reference number as well?
I was able to reserve the table for you. Your reference number is P1YUC7J9 .
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in the west. What can you tell me?
There are 13 attractions in the west end of the city. Some colleges, some museums, and an entertainment venue. Which would you like to learn more about?
Let's go with an entertainment attraction.
The only entertainment attraction I have in the west is [Whale of a Time]. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. The postcode is cb238el.
Could I get the phone number for that attraction?
Sure! The phone number is 01954781018.
I also need a taxi between [Whale of a Time] and [Lan Hong House] that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant
I've booked you a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the contact number for the taxi company?
The contact number is 07133327407. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you That is all.
You're welcome. Have a great day


I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?
I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after [16:00], please.
TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.
Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
I would take the guesthouse.
Okay, happy to help! would you like more information or a reservation?
The hotel please. I need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting friday.
You are booked into [the lensfield hotel]. The reference number is O46I4NOR . My I help you with something else?
no. that is all i need. thanks. bye.
Great! Have a nice evening.


I'm looking for information on a placed called [riverboat georgina].
Hello. The Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area at the Jubilee House. The phone number is 01223902091. Can I answer anything else for you?
What type of attraction is it? And the address?
Riverboat Georgina is a boat, their office is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves [african] food
I have nothing African in that area. do you have another choice ?
I guess [Indian] food would work .
There are 2 one is moderately priced and one is cheap. Which do you prefer?
How about the moderately priced one. I will need their postcode and phone number as well.
Okay. Their phone number is 01223360966. The postcode is cb41uy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to take me from [the restaurant] to The [Riverboat Georgina] and I would need to leave the restaurant by [12:30].
What time would you like to arrive by?
When does the Riverboat Georgina depart? I'd like to have time to walk around the area and explore a bit.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
I also need to find a restaurant in the north serving [African] food.
I'm afraid that I did not find any. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
I'm sorry, you already located an [Indian] restaurant. You gave me the post code and phone number. What is the name of the restaurant?
The restaurant is named the [nirala].
Great! Now I just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. I want to leave the restaurant by [12:30].
You're gonna be expecting a black lexus . Their contact number is 07528633528
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
Have a great day also. Take care. Goodbye.


I am looking for a [asian] restaurant in the centre
I have 4 listings,can I get a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer mid-range please.
That sounds like the Yippee Noodle Bar. Could I book it for you?
I'm sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range?
I found two restaurants: [Dojo Noodle Bar] and [J Restaurant]. Which one of these do you prefer?
Do either have a table available at [17:00] on Friday for 5 people?
Yes, I reserved a table at [J Restaurant] for you. Reference number is BM3N0SUH, and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
Yes that will be all, thank you
Have a nice time, let us know if you need anything else.


I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions. Can you find me some boating attractions in the North?
Riverboat georgina is in the north. What information would you like?
Could I please have the entrance fee, phone number and address?
The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House post code cb43ax. The entrance fee is not stated.The phone number is 01223902091. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a guesthouse in the East?
The A and B guest house matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Does the [A and B] offer free parking?
Sorry, no there is no free parking. Can I look for another?
Yes please. I need a guesthouse in the east that includes free parking.
I have 5 guesthouses in the east with free parking. Three are cheap and two are moderate. Do you have a preference?
no i dont have any other than the free parking
I think the Allenbell guesthouse would meet your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you?
What is the star rating for the Allenbell, and do they have internet?
The Allenbell has a 4 star rating and offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the postcode for the Allenbell?
They are in postcode cb13js. Can I help with anything else today?
That's everything I needed, thank you!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a train that'll leave on friday.
We have over 400 results. Can you provide me with more information, such as departure site and destination?
I'm going to Stevenage from Cambridge. I need to arrive by [09:15]. Thanks for your help!
TR4800 leaves at 07:54 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:43, would you like to book a seat?
Yes can you make me a booking for 8 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0B1WJ9DR . Will that be all?
Will you also check the hotel called [Lovell lodge]?
I'm sorry, I had to re-book your train, as I had the stations backwards. TR2515 will get you to Stevenage by 6:10. Fee is 102.4 GBP, REF. #N3H045K3 .
Great I also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
I was able to book that room for you, ref #8XZZ0TYE . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, you were very helpful.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


I need a train on wednesday .
I can find a train for you! What is your preferred point of departure and where would you be going?
I am going from Cambridge to Norwich.
There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. Is there a time you'd like to depart?
I want to leave some time after [15:30].
I have a train leaving at 15:36. Would that work for you?
Yes. Please book for 7 people. Please confirm with reference number. We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves [kosher] food.
Your booking was successful and your reservation number is R82TUJXN .
We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.
There are none in that area. Another type perhaps?
Bummer. I could try [Chinese]. Is there anything in the north?
I am sorry there is none even in the North
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the North area?
I have found 3 chinese restaurants in the north, they are either expensive or moderate in price range. Do you have a preference?
I prefer an expensive one.
Okay, there are two options. I recommend [hakka]. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at [11:45]
Sure thing, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MSHI9TK . May I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to help you.


I need a train leaving cambridge after [17:30].
Okay, is there somewhere specific you would like to travel to?
I want to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday.
How many tickets would you like?
I am not sure yet, could you tel me how long the train takes to get there?
The train ride lasts 28 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket now?
No, thank you.
Ok, is there another train I can check for you?
No that is all thank you.
Okay don't hesitate to call us if you need further assistance.
Thank you for your assistance bye!
You are very welcome, goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.
Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
No but I would like free parking and a star of 4 please.
Not a problem. I see several that fit that description, so let's narrow it down a bit more. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel would be good, please.
I have [the C[ambridge Belfry]] which is cheap, located in the west, is a hotel with free internet and parking. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please! For 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is: 529EH27L . Can I do anything else for you today?
Great I also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the west part of town.
There are plenty of attractions in the West. What type of attraction do you fancy?
Surprise me! I'm always up for an adventure. I will need the address and entrance fee.
[Churchill college] is a great free attraction. The postcode is cb30ds. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, I need to book a taxi.
The phone number for [churchill college] is 01223336233. What time do you need a taxi?
I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at [22:15].
Where would you like to depart from


I need some help finding the Parkside Police Station.
Hello, the phone number is 01223358966. If you need the address it is, Parkside Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you! That's all I needed. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need anything else.


I'd like to find a [Chinese] restaurant in the center of town.
There are several. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, moderately priced, please.
There are 3 chinese restaurants, I recommend the jinling noodle bar. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, not right now but can you provide me with an address and postcode for whichever of those restaurants you would recommend?
the restaurant jinling noodle bar the address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre and postal code is cb23pp
Thank you . I also am looking for places to go in town. Can you help me?
There are 44 great places to visit if you would like to stay near the centre of town. Would you like a museum, architecture, college or just any suggestion?
I would like to visit a nice museum. Please give me the address, entrance fee and phone number.
How about the [castle galleries]? They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Phone number is 01223307402. Admission is free.
That sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today.
Yeah, no problem happy to help.


Hello I'm looking for the [shanghai family restaurant].
Yes I got it, what can I do for you sir?
Can you tell me the postcode?
The postcode is cb11dg.
Great I am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.
Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
The area doesn't really matter, but I would like something cheap.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to change your requirements?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel?
I have at least 8 hotels that might suit you. They all have internet, a 4 star rating and are in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for what part of town you stay in?
Yes I would like to stay on the east side of town.
I have both the Autumn House and the Allenbell. They are both guesthouses on the east side of town with a 4 star rating. Should i book one for you?
The [Allenbell] is fine. Could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on Tuesday, for 4 nights? I also need a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AVPKTYBJ .
I will als require a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by [21:15]. Can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.
What is your destination?
I don't have a particular destination for my taxi.
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you information on the taxi without knowing your destination.
I need to get from the allenbell hotel to the [shanghai family restaurant], please.
I have confirmed your taxi departing from allenbell at 21:15 to shanghai family restaurant. The contact number is 07779063338. Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes, I also need the car type. Thank You
The booked Car type is a Red Toyota.
Thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
There are quite a few options in that price range and area. What kind of food are you interested in?
How about [Asian Oriental]?
Hey I've found [dojo noodle bar], how does that sound?
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 2 people?
What day and time would you like ?
I need to reserve it on Monday at [14:00]. There will be 2 people dining.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SBH0ATGU . Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much. Could you also get me the address for the [Cambridge Museum of Technology]?
The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was everything I needed, thank you!
Do you need anymore information?
No, you took care of it all. You were very helpful. Have a great night! Goodbye.
I'm glad I could be of assistance.


Hi! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?
Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Would you like me to search by restaurant name?
Yes, I am looking for [the Varsity Restaurant].
The Varsity Restaurant serves international food in the center of town. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, can I get a table for 4 on saturday at [15:15]?
Yes, I will book a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:15.
Excellent. I'll need the reference number.
unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant.


Can you please find me cinemas?
Yes, I can' There are two cinemas in cambridge, cineworld cinema in the south and vue cinema in the centre.
What is the postcode and phone number for one of them?
I would recommend the [Cineworld Cinema]. The postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives by [09:00], please.
I have quite a few different options for a train to Cambridge. Can you help me narrow it down by specifying where you'll be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.
TR4256 leaves at 07:09 and arrives at 8:54. May I book that for you?
I don't need a booking for the train at this time, but if you could give me the travel time and price, that will be all I need today.
TR4256 will take 105 minutes. The price is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome, if you need any more help from me feel free to ask!


I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?
I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.
I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?


Can you help me find a guest house?
There are many options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
In Cambridge for sure, but still deciding the location. I need it to have free parking though,
I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse in the north area of town.
That may work. Do they have free wifi?
Yes they do, would you like me to book you or provide information?
Yes, I want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting wednesday.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please make the booking for me.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y3RBO3CR Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'd like a restaurant in the west that serves [Indian] food.
We have six option any price preference between moderate or expensive(no cheap options)?
I don't have a preference. Just close your eyes and pick one. I need to reserve a table for 7 on Wednesday at [17:15].
Okay, I've booked 7 for [tandoori palace] on Wednesday at 17:15. Your reference number is 2UK6E0HT . The address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That's all I need today thanks for all the help. Bye
Thanks and enjoy your time.


I need to get a train ticket for friday please.
Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave [after 13:15.]
Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.
Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.
Reference number is : IVX6L3KV . Can I help with anything else?


Where is [Rosa's] bed and breakfast hotel located in the Cambridge area?
rosa's bed and breakfast is located on the southend. Any other information I can provide?
i want to know its star rating price range,
Rosa's is a cheap 4-star guesthouse. Are you interested in booking a room?
what is the price range? i am also interested in a place to go and should be in the centre
Rosa's is cheap. What type of attraction are you hoping to find?
I am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the centre area.
Let me suggest the museum [Regency Gallery]. It is in Centre and free. Does that interest you or shall we keep looking?
That works great. Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Yes, the postcode is cb11er and phone number is 01223365454
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today.


Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.
What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.
At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by [11:45]. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.
I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?
Your reference number is CIGYXAW9 . Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a guesthouse. I need free parking and free wifi there.
there are 21 options. do you have any other requirements?
No. Just free parking and free wifi. Also I'll need the phone number please?
I would recommend the Allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east. Their phone number is 01223210353.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all that I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


I am looking for a place called [The Fez Club] in Cambridge.
There is a nightclub that is name Fez Club in Cambridge. Do you need their address?
Yes please let me know the area and address.
The Fez Club is located at 8 Market Passage in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I'm looking for a train leaving on Monday going to London Liverpool Street.
Great, and how many people will be riding with you?
There will be four people riding with me.
Where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive?
From cambridge to london liverpool street. I don't need a specific time, I just need to know the arrival time.
How about the TR1764 that arrives at 15:27?
Are there any trains that arrive after 21:00?
We have the TR0117 that arrives at 21:27. Does that work?
Sure, I would love to purchase my ticket.
I have booked your train for four 16.60 for each and 66.4 pounds total. Your reference number is TITYQMLD . Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all that I need, thank you.
You're welcome - safe travels!


I want a place to dine that is in the centre please.
There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price?
I would like to narrow it down by price and I want [Chinese].
There is five different options, that are in various price ranges


Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.
There are several options to choose from. Do you have a specific location or pricerange you would like?
No specific price or location. I'd like it to include free wifi, though.
I'd recommend [arbury lodge guesthouse]. It's a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced.
Okay, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number.
The address is 82 arbury, post code cb42je. The phone number is 01223364319.
Thank you. I would also love some help finding a moderately priced [italian] restaurant.
What area would you like to be in?
Area does not matter.
How about prezzo, it is in the west? There are also Pizza Express's in the centre and Pizza Huts in the south and east.
The [Prezzo] sounds good. Can you tell me the address and postcode please?
Absolutely, the address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, and the postal code is cb30ad.
I Would like to get a taxi to the place as well.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by [01:30] to go to the hotel. Please give me contact info and car type
A white BMW will pick you up by 1:30 from Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and take you to aprezzo. Their Contact number is. 07237218579. Anything else i can help with today?
Thank You that is all. Have a nice day
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a cheap [asian oriental] restaurant.
There are 5 Asian Oriental restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
Is there one in the centre?
Yes, 4 of them are in the Centre of town. Two of them are cheap, one moderate, and one expensively priced. Would you like to book one of them?
Can you select one of the restaurants with the cheap price range in the center of town?
The [dojo noodle] house would be an option for you
book a table for 4 people at [17:00] on friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K77JVT2U . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
There are two guesthouses and three hotels in the centre of town. Perhaps we can narrow it down by price range.
Same price range as the restaurant please
I recommend [alexander bed and breakfast], would you like more information or a booking.
Is it a 4-star guesthouse?
yes it is 4 star
Great, I need a room for 4 and 3 nights starting from Friday.
What area would you like to be in?
I would like it to be in the centre of town.
Done! Your reference number is 8F3G9DY8 . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.
I am glad I could be of service. Have a great day.


I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.
Okay, I have found 4 hotels on the south side with parking. Did you have a price range in mind?
Something expensive. I prefer a guesthouse though.
I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range in the south with free parking. Do you want to change your price range or area?
How about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?
There is one, shall I book it?
Can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?
Rosa's bed and breakfast does have internet. The address is 53 roseford road and their phone number is 01223512596
I also need a train.
I can help with that, too. When and where do you need a train?
I need to leave from stansted airport after [10:30]
What day will you be travelling?
On thursday I need to book it for 3 people.
Alright, I have booked you 3 tickets for the TR7920 train, leaving Stansted Airport at 11:24. Your reference number is VKBYCLSB .
Thank you. That will be all.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.
we got 11. do you have any rating preference?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.
[archway house] is in the north and has a 4 star rating
Do they have internet?
Yes, they have internet.
Thanks you. May I please have their phone number?
Their number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I also need information about trains departing from cambridge.
there are lots of trains. Do you have times you would like to travel ?
I would prefer it be the earliest train you can book.
The first train leaves at 5:00.
That will be fine can you assist me in booking that?
I will go ahead and book that for you.
The train should leave on Friday and go to Stansted airport.
Okay and what time would you like to travel?
i just need to arrive by [13:00]
Train # TR6616 departs Cambridge at 11:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 12:08. The travel time is 28 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks for the info. that's all I need.
OKay, let us know if you need anything else.


Hello, I am looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge please.
I am able to book you a train that's on that route but I need to know what day and time you need the train.
I need to travel on saturday and leave after [11:45]
There are 25 trains that fit your needs. The earliest train leaves at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38. Would you like me to book you on this train?
Yes, please. I need 2 tickets please and the reference number.
Okay, great. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 28VT1KZ3 . You'll owe 26.4 which can be paid at the station.
Thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in town. Preferably a museum in the west.
sure, there are seven for you to choose from.
That's a lot of options. Do any of the museums offer free admission?
All are free admission,except for Cambridge Folk Museum
What is the phone number and address for that place?
You can call them at 01223355159, and they are located at 2-3 castle street. Can I help with anything more today?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today.
Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your trip, good day.


I need a train on Monday leaving birmingham new street?
Where are you headed?
Birgmingham New Street from Cambridge
What time monday would you like to depart?
anytime after [21:00].
TR8406 will depart at 21:40. Is that okay?
Yes will you book it for me ?
How many tickets will you need?
I need 2 tickets and a reference number please
Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
okay, I do need the reference number also.
My apologies, busy weekend and the system is lagging, you are set, reference number is B6SGLAAT total cost is 150.19 GBP, thank you for your patience.
Thank you so much, can you please also find me an [Italian] restaurant in the centre of town that's on the cheap side?
I highly recommend [Zizzi Cambridge] in centere. It has excellent pasta and meatballs. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, on Monday for 2 people at [14:30]. Olease give the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DKSUCWY6 .
thank you that will be all good bye
Have a nice day, goodbye.


Yes, I just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Um, I don't care. I'd prefer it if it was cheap though.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is located in the west in the cheap price range with free parking. Would you like me to book it?
Is that a four star place?
Yes, it does have 4 stars.
Please do. I need it for 4 nights on Friday. There are 6 of us.
That one is not open then,but I do have one fitting the same criteria avaible, Finches, shall I book it?
Yes, as long as [Finches] is in the cheap price range please book it and give me the reference number.
Okay, you're booked with reference number DAE0XR6A . May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good Bye.


I'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves [Canapes] food.
Unfortunately, I don't have any available listings that fit that type. Would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town?
Maybe take another look? I need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre.
I'm sorry, I could not find any restaurants fitting that description. Would you like to suggest another cuisine or location?
That's okay. Let's try [European] food instead, with the other details the same.
I have two available. The Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. Can I assist you in booking a table at either of these?
Can you just give me the postcode of Eraina?
Sure, the postcode is cb23rh. Can I be of further service today?
You've been more than helpful. Thanks but thats all I need. Have a good night.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


I am looking for a [cantonese] restaurant in the north part of town.
What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.
Unfortunately, there are no Cantonese restaurants in the north part of town.
Okay then, how about a restaurant that serves [asian oriental] type of food in the north part of town then?
[Saigon city] serves asian oriental food and is located in the north part of town. Would you like their location?
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you for the information. Bye now
Thank you.


I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [royal standard]
Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to know more about the restaurant?
I'd like to book for 1 person at [1145] on thursday please
Sorry, looks like there's no availability. Want to try another day or time slot?
what about we try booking for Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PJ7X1NHS .
Ok thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.


am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel
Okay, do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
no, i just need to make sure it's cheap. oh, and i need parking
I found 1 cheap hotel for you that includes parking. Do you like me to book it?
Yes, please. 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday.
I am sorry but I wasn't able to book that for you for Tuesday. Is there another day you would like to stay or perhaps a shorter stay?
how about only 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7GAWK763 . Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 0 stars.
Okay, and what area will you be staying in?
Not important, as long as long as it has wifi
I could recommend the [El Shaddai]. It is a guesthouse in the centre of the city and it has internet.
I would like to book it for 7 people for Two nights, starting wednesday.
OKay, would you like me to send you a reference number?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJPMZK85
Can you also provide the address an attraction in the town centre?
There are many, many attractions to choose from in this area. Do you have something specific you'd like to see? Architecture? Museum? Park?
Will you recommend a college in the centre of town?
[Christi's college] is in that area and has free admission.
That sounds perfect. Can you give me their address, please?
Sure, Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street. Is there any more info you need today?
Thanks, I'm all set. Bye!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


I want to find a restaurant serves [corsica] food please.
We have no matching results.
How about [gastropub]?
What part of town would you like?
I do not care
Does the price range matter to you?
Nah, whatever you can find is cool.
There are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro, royal standard, the cow pizza kitchen and bar, and the slug and lettuce.
What is the address of [Backstreet bistro]? Phone number and post code?
The Backstreet Bistro's address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, postcode is C.B 1, 2 Q.A and the phone number is 01223 306306. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day. Good bye.


Can you provide me with a great eatery in Cambridge please
I will go to the lucky star, thanks so much
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean. I'm looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant in the center of town.
thank you, I will go to the [curry garden].
Is that expensive?
Yes. The curry garden is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Is this located in the centre area?
Yes, the Curry Garden is an Indian restaurant in the centre part of town.
OK, I don't need a table right now, but I do need the address and postcode of the Curry Garden, please.
The postcode is cb21dp and address 106 Regent Street City Centre
Can you tell me about a local swimming pool in town?
There are four swimming pools in town, North, East and Centre. Can you narrow down which area you prefer?
The north please, can I get the phone number, address, and area?
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river. Their number is 01223302579.
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places, I want to leave [curry garden] at [12:00] and go to [jesus green outdoor pool].
Okay, I have booked you a taxi between the places. A red volvo will pick you up at 12:00 at curry garden, The contact number is 07309123705.
That's everything I needed. Thank you so much for your help!
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.


Hi! I am so excited to be traveling to Cambridge. Would you please help me look for a place to eat while I am there?
There are 100 restaurants in Cambridge! Do you have a food type preference?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [modern european] food in the centre.
[Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop] meets all of these requirements. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No, but can you give me the phone number and address including postcode please?
Yes certainly. The address is 40270 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11ln. Their telephone number is 01223505015.
Also, I am looking for a multiple sport attraction in the same area. Can you help?
We don't have any sports attractions in this area. Is there another area I can help you with?
No. Hmm. What about a concerthall?
[The Man on the Moon] is a concerthall in central Cambridge. It is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the phone number please?
Certainly, The Man on the Moon's phone number is 01223474144. Do you need information about anything else?
I would also like the address and postcode for The man on the Moon concert hall.
The man on the moon is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Do you need the phone number as well?
Yes I will need the phone number please.
The phone number for The Man on The Moon is, 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No I do not need any more info Thanks
If you need anything else, please contact us. Have a good day.


Hello, I need some info on [Cambridge Museum of Technology]
The Cambridge Museum of Technology is on the east side of the city at the Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode for it as well?
Sure. The postcode is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.
It looks like there are hourly trains every day. Did you have a day and time in mind?
Yes, Thursday with an arrival by [16:00].
Train TR6456 leave Cambridge at 14:40 and arrives at the airport at 15:08. Would you like me to book the train?
Yes I would like to book for 3 people, please.
Reference number is : JRAO2H4A. and the price will be 30.29GBP
Thank you so much, that's really helpful. That's all for now.
Have a great trip
Thank you so much, goodbye.
Have a good day and thank you for contacting us.


I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving no later than [13:30].
Okay great! Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge.
I have train TR0188 that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08, will that work for you?
Does TR0188 leave on Tuesday? I need a booking for 2 people on Tuesday.
I can go ahead and book that for you.
Yes, please book it.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will need the reference number.
OK, I actually booked you on TR7621. That's the 12:40 on Tuesday to Stansted. Your reference number is R14O2PJF .
I also need help finding a place to go. Are there any cinemas I could visit?
the vue cinema is in the city center. would you like to purchase tickets or know more?
All I need is the postcode.
Their postcode is cb11ps. Could I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.
Have a great day! Goodbye!


I am looking for museums in west Cambridge.
There are several museums in the west part of town. For example, Cafe Jello Gallery, Cambridge and County Folk Museum or Lynne Strover Gallery.
Let me get more information about [Cafe Jello Gallery].
Their address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. They are located in the West part of town and the entrance is free.
I also need to know about [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast.
Okay, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located on 53 roseford road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. 1 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Great! Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : TZLIIGK2 .
thank you for all your help
You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today. Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day!


Hi Can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>
What type of cuisine or price range would you prefer?
i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west?
[Meghna] is a nice indian restaurant in the west part of town.
Ok, and the phone number and address?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Ok, thank you
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!


I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.
I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by [12:30].
I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.
Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge].
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.


I want to get a place to eat in the north.
Saigon City, which is Asian oriental cuisine and is expensively priced, Golden Wok is Chinese and moderately priced. And Royal Spice is Indian food and cheap.
I would like one in the moderate price range.
I have the golden wok, which is chinese or the nirala which serves indian. Would you like to make a booking at one?
No. Just get me the [Golden Wok's] phone number and address please and I'll take it from there
Okay, their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I also need a train that will leave Cambridge on Saturday. I want it to arrive at [12:30] to Ely.
okay, the TR0721 leaves at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please! I will need a booking for 6 people.
I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?
You're all set. TR0721 leaves cambridge on saturday at 11:50 and arrives in ely at 12:07. Your total is 21.12 GBP and your Reference number is : 9SI6A16E .
Thank you very much. This is all I need for now.
Your welcome, have a great day!


Hi I am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.
I have a listing for one in the north of town,is that okay?
Is that 3 star with a moderate price?
The [Alpha-Minton Guest House] sounds like it will be perfect for you. It's a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the north. Can I book a room for you?
Please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting Thursday.
I have made a booking here is your information: Booking was successful. Reference number is : DGGHJ53E .
Thanks. Can you help me find a place to eat also? I'd like some [British] food, in the same price range as my hotel.
Unfortunately there are no moderately priced restaurants serving British food on the North side. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Yes, please look in another part of town.
The [Copper Kettle] is in centre. Phone number is 01223365098 and address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please for one person at [17:45] on Thursday.
You table is booked for 17:45 on Thursday. Your reference number is BB26WX3R . Is that all?
No, can you also help me book a taxi?
When you would like to leave or arrive by? What's your departure/destination?
I would like to arrive by [17:45] to the 4 Kings Parade. Pick us up at the [Alpha-Minon Guesthouse].
Okay great! Your car will be a black bmw and the contact number is 07675976580. Do you need help with anything else?
Nope. That's all. Thank you. Bye now
Have a nice day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves [Italian] food.
There are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Italian food. What area are you looking for?
I don't care which area.
ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Would you like their location?
Yes please, I would like their address.
Ask is located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Their telephone number is 01223 364917.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good day! Goodbye.


I am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town.
How about [Golden Wok] located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton?
Okay, can I get the address and phone number please?
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The phone number is 01223350688
Thank you, that is all I needed. Have a good night.
You're welcome. Good night.


I need to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by [19:15] to go to park side [pools].
Okay, could you tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to depart from [A and B Guest House].
I have your taxi scheduled. The car type is a black Volkswagen, contact number 07057340221. How else can I help you?
That's all the help I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need to get out of Cambridge quick! Can you find me a train for tomorrow, Tuesday?
I can help you. What is your destination?
I would like to arrive to Cambridge from Broxbourne and would like to leave after [15:45].
A train is leaving Broxbourne at 16:32, arriving Cambridge at 17:32. Shall I book a seat for you?
Yes. I actually need 3 seats
The booking was successful. Your reference number is Y25Y52KM .
Can you find me a place to stay in the centre. I don't need internet.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any matches, would you like to try something else?
No thank you I will call back
Ok. Is there anything else you need? Information about attractions or a restaurant reservation perhaps?
Well, I do need a place to stay. How about one with free wifi in the centre of town?
Do you mind if it's a guest house? The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an inexpensive 4 star guesthouse offering both free wifi and free parking.
No, I really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi.
All of the 4 star hotels in the area are expensive. Would you like me to drop the star rating for you, or are you okay with it being expensive?
If there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?
The university arms hotel sounds perfect: hotel in the centre of town, expensive, 4 stars, with internet and parking. Can I book a reservation for you?
I guess that will work book for 2 please
OK. What day will you want to check in, and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday please. And I want to stay for one night.
OK, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That would be all. I appreciate your help. Take care. Bye.
Did you need a reference number or anything like that?
No thanks. I forgot I should wait to book until I am sure how many people we will have. Thanks though. Good night!
Okay, have a great day!


Can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after [18:45]?
What day will you be traveling and from where?
I will be departing on Thursday from Cambridge.
The earliest train is TR9030. It will depart at 19:40 and arrive at the airport at 20:08. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
I'm not very good with numbers. Can you tell me the travel time of that leg?
Travel time is 28 minutes. Would you like reservations?
No. Not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves [Belgian] food in the centre
I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about [African] food?
We do have an african restaurant called [Bedouin]. It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you just give me the postcode and address?
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that'll be all! Thank you!
Okay. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I want a restaurant that serves [international] cuisine.
There are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine. Would you like to narrow your request?
I would like to know one of the address and phone number.
The Varisty restaurant, a Centre location is at 35 Sanit Andrews street city centre with a phone number of 01223 356060.
thank you good bye
You are welcome.


I'm looking for a train. The train should arrive by [21:30] and should go to bishops stortford.
What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Monday.
There are 8 trains that match your search. Shall I choose one to book?
Yes, please choose the one closest to my arrival time.
I recommend the TR8244 which leaves at 19:29. How many seats do you want me to reserve for you and your party?
I actually only want the price, but can you make sure that the train is leaving from Cambridge.
Yes that leaves from Cambridge and there are many other times with an earlier departure time if you'd like. The price is 10.10 pounds.
That is perfect thank you very much for all of your help. You have a wonderful day.
Thank you, goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
There are a lot of great places to eat in the Centre. Do you have a type of food in mind?
Can you look up [greek] food please?
I do not have any Greek in the Centre. Do you have anything else in mind?
What about [Mediterranean] food?
There's 3 restaurants that match that criteria. What's your price range?
My price range is $50 to $75 dollars for 2 people. I would also like something that is walking distance from my hotel.
[The gardenia] seems to match your criteria, it is the cheap price range and in the centre, as is your hotel. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation on Tuesday at [12:15]? Table for 8.
Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked for you.
If Tuesday at 12:15 is not available, I would be willing to come earlier.
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is YKX6V4O8 . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need train information for Wednesday with an arrival by [16:15].
That won't be a problem, can you tell me where you're leaving from and traveling to?
It should depart from Cambridge, destination is Kings Lynn.
TR 9468 arrives at 15:58, do you need more information or a booking?
I need the travel time, departure time and the price per ticket please.
That train departs at 15:11. The total travel time is 47 minutes. The cost of the ticket is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, can you recommend me a good [Asian] restaurant? Something not too expensive?
There are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town. Would like information for either of those?
Hmm, I don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. Maybe something moderate but not too cheap.
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] would be perfect. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book for 4 people on Sunday at [11:45].
I'm sorry they aren't available at that time, would you like me to find something else?
How about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced?
I have booked you at [the Oak Bistro] for 4 people on sunday at 11:45, your reference number is 2CG1XX8Q . Is there anytihng else that I can assist with?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!
We hope that you have a great time at the Bistro.
Thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [Indonesian] food.
My apologies, but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to broaden your search?
Oh, well how about [European] food then? Also in the centre of town please.
There are 8 listings meeting your criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care.
[Darrys cookhouse and Wine Shop] is in the centre of town and serves modern european food.
May I have the phone number and postcode?
The phone number for darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223 505015 and the postcode is C.B 1, 1 L.N. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thank you very much.
You're welcome. Thank you for using this system.
Thank you goodbye.
goodbye


Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.
I have three hotels that have those requirements. I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.
I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks
I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?
Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I really don't have a price range in mind. I'm still not sure I want to stay in a guesthouse, hotels are so much better for me.
i recommend [leverton house] phone 0122392094
Ok, I guess we can book that one then. There will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KXCIX1QH . Can I help with anything else today?
No, that'll be it. Thanks for the help.
Great. Thank you for calling. I hope you have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.


I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
It's located at Hills Rd. Postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need more information?
No thanks. I just needed the postcode.
The postcode to the hospital is CB20QQ.
That's all I needed. Thanks, good bye.
You are welcome. Call back if you need anything else.


I'm trying to find the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
I have the Alexander B & B located on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to assist you in making a reservation?
Yes please. There will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving Thursday. We want to stay 5 nights.
The hotel is booked. The reference number is 5GTAJA8K .
Thank you! That's all I needed.
I am glad I was able to help you. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I need a [italian] restaurant in the centre.
what about [pizza express]? it's getting great reviews.
Is it an expensive restaurant?
No, Pizza Express is moderately priced. But I could find a cheaper option if you would like?
I would prefer an expensive price range and need a reservation for 1 at 13:30 on Monday.
I am sorry but there are no Italian restaurants in the expensive range in the centre. Would you like to try another area or type of food?
What would you suggest?
There are two moderately priced italian restaurants in centre or would you like a different type of food?
so, nothing that is expensive?
no expensive with those specifications
Okay, let's just go with a moderately priced one. I need a table on Monday at 13:30 for one person.
Would you like to try pizza express?
okay why not. I need a table for 1 at [13:30] on monday. And I need the reference number too please
Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is YBCVLUXU . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks, what places to go are available in that same area?
What kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything will do.
How about [holy trinity church]. The architecture there is quite impressive.
Sounds interesting. What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb23nz. Can I help you with any other information?
I do not need more information.
Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us.


I need a train to Kings Lynn.
What day would you be wanting to travel?
Friday please. From Cambridge leaving after [17:00]
The earliest train leaving after 17:00 on Friday leaves at 17:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Can you give me the train ID on that one please?
That would be TR9226
Book it, please. I need a single ticket.
You have been booked for the train. Your reference number is 0UIC4MX9 . Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves [international] food.
The the missing sock fits that criteria and is in the cheap price range. How else can I assist you?
Is there one in the expensive?
No. There are two moderately priced restaurants with international cuisine in the centre of town. Would you like to hear about those?
Hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving [gastropub] food in the east?
There's one restaurant that fits your requests, would you like me to book a reservation?
No thank you. Can I have to phone number and postcode for that restaurant?
The phone number is 01223247877. It's located in the cb13nl postcode.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!
Have a great day as well. I think you'll love the Royal Standard.
Thanks again for the information!
Have a great time.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service.


I am looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi.
Do you have a price range or specific area?
Area is not important, thanks!
My favorite guesthouse is the [Acorn Guest House], in the north. 4 stars and moderately-priced. Would you like a room there?
That sounds great. I'll need a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
Alright! I have made your requested booking and the reference number is P6W6XFMK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now. Thanks!
You are very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks! You too!
Do you need to book anything for travel?
Yes, please, a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.
I have trains departing Cambridge on Friday as early as 05:39 and as late at 23:39. Do you have any preference on what time you'd like to depart by or arrive?
I want to leave after [11:15]. If I do, what time do you think I will arrive?
If you leave at 11:39 on train TR7943 you will arrive at 13:07.
Thank you, thats all I need.
Thank you for using our service. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.


is there a restaurant that serves [gastropub] food in the centre?
Yes, there are 3! Backstreet Bistro is my favorite, but they're a bit expensive. The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is more moderately priced, and also wonderful.
What is the address of [Backstreet Bistro]?
The address is 2 Sturton Street. Post code is cb12qa.
I am also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant. Any suggestions?
There is a lot of things to do in the centre. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
What sort of entertainment options are there?
Sorry, nothing comes up for that search. Would you care to try a different area or type?
Yes, can you check for concerthall?
There are no concert halls in that area.
There are none in the entire city center?
I must have overlooked it. [The man on the moon] is a concerthall in the centre area.
Will you be able to book that for me tonight?
They don't take reservations, they are at 2 norfolk st
may i have the phone number, postcode, and address ?
Sure their address is 2 norfolk st and their post code is cb12lf and the phone number is 01223474144, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
What time would you like that taxi, and which site is your departure?
I want to leave the restaurant and I want to leave by [10:15].
Your driver will arrive in a black Volkswagen. You can call or text them at 07030408107.
Thanks so much. I don't need anything further. Bye!
You're welcome. Bye.


Are there any entertainment attractions in the south?
There are two that fit your request. One is Nusha on Clifton Road and the other is Tenpin on Clifton Way. Do you need more information?
Can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of [Nusha].
The address of Nusha is unit g6, Cambridge leisure park, Clifton road and their telephone number is 01223902158, but unfortunately, I do not have information on their entrance fee.
I can call for that. But thanks anyway. I am also looking for a cheap place to eat.
There are 15 that I have found! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like a [chinese] restaurant, please.
There is one cheap Chinese restaurant in the area called [The Lucky Star]. Would you like me to book a reservation for it?
Is it in the same area as Nusha?
Yes it is in the same area.
Could you book me a table on Thirsday. 2 people at [14:00]
I will go ahead and book that now.
Thank you. Can I please have the reference number?
Your table is reserved, ref#39W1D7PP . Can I help you with anything else today?
i also want a taxi to commute between the 2 places
I've booked you a taxi from nusha to the lucky star, arriving at 14:00. The car will be a white bmw. Contact number : 07301865482
Thanks so much, that is all I need.
Okay, great. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you, goodbye.


i want to book a taxi
Of course, let me help you with that. From where will you be departing?
I will be departing from [frankie and bennys].
Okay, great, and do you know your destination and when you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave [after 0[3:00]] and go to [bangkok city] please
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey volkswagen Contact number : 07576868430
Thanks so much, that is all I need. Bye.
thank you too, enjoy your stay


I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town.
There are two. The Ashley hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both have internet and parking. Both are 2 stars.
Are there any four star hotels?
Not on the north side of town. There are two on the west side and one in the town centre.
Could I have one in the Centre of town
Absolutely! It's called the [University Arms Hotel], great reviews! Would you like me to schedule that for you?
Please do,lets make it for this coming Monday,than k you.
For how many people please and how long is your stay going to be?
two people, two nights, starting Thursday.
Yes the university arms hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, how about a guesthouse type place in the north with four stars?
I regret to inform you that I could not book a room at the requested location. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel in the same pricerange then?
I got you a room at the [Gonville Hotel]. Your reference number is: 0YB5M0HT . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
I've found a lot of restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
It should serve [portuguese] food in the cheap price range.
Nandos City Centre is your place. Would you like to book?
Yes, I need a table for two on Wednesday.
What time on Wednesday would you like?
Book it for [15:30] please.
That time is not available.Would you like a different time ?


I'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town.
How about the Hobsons House?
Is that a guesthouse? I like the guesthouse style, and I also need something that's moderately priced.
Yes it is a moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not yet. Can I have the address there though?
Sure, it is 96 Barton Road.
Can I also get the postcode? And do they have free parking?
They have free parking. Postcode is cb39lh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thanks!
Alright. You're all set. Enjoy!


I'm looking for a train that runs on Tuesday.
Sounds good, Where will you be arriving from and going to?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at cambridge.
I have many travel time to choose from. Do you have a preferred travel time?
I want to leave after [14:45].
The TR5245 leaves London Liverpool Street at 15:39 and gets into Cambridge at 17:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds great. Will you make a booking for 5 people please? And I'd like the reference number for my records.
Ok I will book it for you for 6 people
Actually I only need it for 5 people and I will need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7F4OHHP6 Payable at the desk, any other questions today?
Yes, could you help me find a [North American] restaurant that is expensive.
The [gourmet formal kitchen] is a great choice. Shall I book it?
Yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at [17:00]. Do not forget to send my reference number!
Okay, you are booked. Ref no. IBI16V4A
Great!! Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


Yes, I need to find a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.
What day and time would you like to travel?
On Saturday. I would like to leave after [eight thirty].
I have a train leaving at [8:32] and arriving at [9:32]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please that works for me.
Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 14.32 GBP with reference #EAFSM2S0 .
Great. I am also looking for some entertainment in the centre of town. Any ideas?
I have over 40 different choices. Can you tell me what you would like to see or do in order to narrow down the search?
Is there anything in the entertainment type? If not, then a museum would be nice.
The Cambridge contemporary art museum is in the centre and free to attend.
Great! What is the post code and the address?
The address is 6 trinity street and the postcode is cb21su.
Thanks so much. I think I have all the info I need. Have a good day. Bye.
Okay, have a great day!


Hi! Can you help me find a train? I need to travel on Thursday.
I can absolutely help you with that! Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and the destination?
I'm departing Cambridge Thursday and want to arrive in Stevenage by [8:00].
I have one train leaving at 05:21 and arriving at 06:10. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
What is the price and travel time for this particular train?
The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the train ride is 49 minutes.
Thank you. Can you also find me a museum to go to?
There are several fine museums to visit, what area of town would you like?
I would like something in the center of town, please.
[Broughton House Gallery] is a free nice museum. The address is 98 King Street. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, I'd like the number.
Their number is 01223314960.
Great. Thank you very much for all of your help.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy your day.


I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.
Great [Kymmoy] is in the centre of town and expensive.
I want to book a table for 3 people at [14:00] on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VBPWAD3J .
Thank you so much. I would also like to find a train to take me to Kings Lynn by [10:15].
There are 35 departures with those criteria. What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 10:15 please on Sunday please.
How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket. I will need the train ID, cost of ticket and exact departure time as well.
There is a train arriving in Kings Lynn on Sunday at 09:58. It departs at 09:11 and costs 7.84 pounds. The train ID is TR6088.
Great! That's all I needed. Thanks a lot for the help.
Glad I could help!


I am looking for a moderate priced [Chinese] food place.
Yes, there are 4 Chinese restaurants that are moderately priced. 3 in centre and one in north.
I need one in the centre, doesn't matter which.
Would you like me to make you a reservation at the [Jinling Noodle Bar]?
Yes please. I will need it at [20:00] on Saturday for 8 people. Thank you.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant?


Please help me find a train that leaves Norwich after [5:45] PM. Thanks.
Certainly what day will you need that?
I would like to travel on Saturday please.
Train TR2970 should work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
yes book for me fo 3 people and provide me with reference number
I was able to book 3 tickets it will be 45.24 GBP you can pay at the station. The reference number is YVQA5ZCC . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'd also like to find some places to go while I'm in town. What is there in the way of architectural attractions in the city centre?
The [All Saints Church] would be a beautiful architectural attraction. Would you like info on that?
Yes, can you please send that to me?
It's located on Jesus Lane. Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs. Do you need anything else?
No, that's perfect. Thank you for you help.
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.


Hi there. I'd like to find a place to stay. It doesn't need to have any stars, but I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.
Do you have a side of town you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference on what side of town, but it does need to include parking.
There are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels, which do you prefer?
I don't really have a preference, so surprise me!
I recommend the [Acorn Guesthouse]. Would you like to book a room there?
What's the star rating on it?
The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Is there anything else you need?
I need the type of place it is, the number and full adress please.
It's a guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Great thank you I also will need some info on a restaurant called The [Copper Kettle]
The copper kettle is a british type located in the centre area and moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 2 people at [15:30] on Monday, please.
I have the booking reserved. The reference number is NBW5RHEE . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to get me from the guesthouse to the restaurant.
Alright, I have got you a taxi to get you to the restaurant by your reservation time. Be looking for a grey Audi. Their contact number is 07643250186 just in case.
Thank you very much for the service.
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thats all thank you for your help,goodbye
You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a park to go visit.
There are 5 parks here in Cambridge, did you have a particular area of town you'd like?
No, not really, do you think you could recommend one?
Yes. [Cherry hinton water play] is located in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes. Can I please have the phone number and address?
Certainly. The park is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.
There are no four star hotels in the area, could I look somewhere else or another star rating?
Are there any four star guesthouses in the South?
There are no four star guesthouses in the South. Is there a different type of four star guesthouses that you are looking for?
How about just any guesthouse in the south, then?
There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you rather have something in the price range of moderate or cheap?
I guess moderate would be better.
I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. It's moderately priced and located in the south with free wifi and parking. Would you like assistance booking there?
OK. Yes, can you book the hotel?
Of course. I just need to know your arrival day, how many nights you'll be staying, and the number of people.
It doesn't matter. None of those matter.
I apologize but it in order to assist you with booking I would need to know how many in your party and the day and length of your stay.
I don't need to book a room. I just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.
Sure, [aylesbray lodge guest house] phone number 01223240089, postcode cb17sr and price range moderate.
Can I also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at [23:30] going to the attraction we discussed?
I have confirmed your taxi, a blue audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07496908373. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all, you have answered all my questions
I'm glad we could be of service. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day as well.
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Hey there, I need a train from stevenage that leaves after [09:45]. Can you help?
I would be happy to help with your request, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
We are going to cambridge and would like to leave on monday after 09:45. Thanks for your help.
Would a train departing at 09:54 work for you?
That sounds great! Could you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID as well?
Sure. It's train TR8265, arrives at 10:43 in Cambridge and has a duration of 49 minutes. Can I book you seat?
Maybe later. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant.
There are many expensive restaurants in the city. Do you have an area or type of cuisine that you'd prefer?
No, I'll take your recommendation. I do need postcode, address and phone number, please.
I would recommend [bedouin], address is 100 Mill Road City Centre,phone is 01223367660 and post code is cb12bd.
Okay, that's great! Thank you very much! That's all I needed.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.
Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!


Hello. I'm looking for the nearest police station.
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
I also would like the postcode.
The postcode is CB11JG
All right, thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need, have a good one good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for museums to visit in town.
the [broughton house gallery] is a fantastic museum in the centre. Bonus, it's free!
Where exactly is that located? And is there a fee to enter the gallery? How is the area? Is there a lot located around it to do? Thank you!
It is in the Centre and it is free to enter. Would you like to know anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with 4 stars and free parking.
There are several 4 star hotels with free parking, are you looking for one in the north as well?
No, I am not.
I think the [acorn house] will suit you well. Would you like me to book that?
Can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try booking on a different day or for a shorter duration?
Can you try booking it for two nights?
You're all set for 2 nights! Your booking reference number is BFODSBSL . What else can I help you with today?
I think I'll need a taxi from the gallery to the hotel. Can you help with that?
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I will need to leave the gallery by [03:00] please.
Certainly. What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I need to leave by 3:00, arrival doesn't matter.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Lexus. If you need to reach them, please call 07049424951. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome, enjoy!


i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called [soul tree nightclub].
The Soul Tree Nightclub is located in the area of centre. It has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The phone number is 01223477900. Anything else?
I hear its a pretty cool place. Can I get their postcode please?
The postcode is cb23qf. Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay on the south side. 4 stars if possible.
We have two guesthouses that are 4 stars in the south end, The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is moderately priced, and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the cheap range.
Can you book me a stay at The [Aylesbray Lodge]?
Sure! How many are staying, how many days, and what day do you want the stay to start?
No I just need the postcode, phone # and if they have internet
Postal is cb17sr, they do include internet and they can be reached at 01223240089, can I help with anything else?
That was everything, thanks a lot!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!
Thanks for using our services.


I'm looking for a place to stay.
What price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I would like a cheap 3 star hotel with free parking.
I don't have anything matching that criteria. Anything else I could help you with?
How about in the expensive price range?
Yes, I have a couple options for you. One in the centre and one in the south.
Do they have internet?
Gonville Hotel is a nice place and has internet, would you like m e to book it for you?


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, a 0 star hotel is fine as long as it includes free wifi.
I have 1 hotel and a 2 guesthouses available. Do you have a preference on the area or if it is a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel that is in the centre of town and moderately priced if that helps narrow it down.
Cityroomz meets that description. Would you like to book it?
May I please have the address and postcode for Cityroomz?
Certainly, the address for Cityroomz is sleeperz hotel, station road postcode cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any nearby museums?
The cambridge contemporary art museum is nearby.
Great. Could you please tell me the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee.
Wonderful! That is all I needed. Thank you so much!
im glad to have satisfied you
Thanks again. That's all I needed.
Let us know if you need anything else.


Hello, I'd like some information about a place to go in the west.
Are you looking for an attraction or a hotel?
I'm looking for an attraction located in the west.
There are so many different attractions in the west, did you have something particular in mind?
No could you recommend one please?
I recommend [Kettle's Yard] on Castle Street which is a museum.
Could I get the postcode for that museum? I am also looking for a restaurant called [peking restaurant]. What area that is in, the address, and postcode?
The post code is cb30aq. I can help you with the restaurant in a moment.
Can you look for the restaurant now?
I have it here. What would you like to know about it?
I need the postcode, area and address.
Peking Restaurant is in the South. The address is 10 Homerton Street and the postcode is cb28nx.
That's all I need. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our service!


I'd like to find an attraction to visit on the west side of town.
There are 13 options, any specific preferences?
Yes, I am looking for cinemas and museums.
There are no cinemas on the west side, but I have several museums. The [Lynne Strover Gallery] is a great place, and it's free to get in.
What train go there from Cambridge?
What day and time are you looking at? I can help you find a train if I know that.
Can you give me the postcode to the museum and I will be traveling on tuesday.
The postcode is cb30aq. What time are you looking at?
I'd like to depart cambridge to arrive by [12:15] to stansted airport on tuesday.
Sure how many tickets please?
I actually don't want to book tickets today. I just need the train ID and the times it runs.
There are 7 trains available, the earliest one is TR1656, which leaves at 5:40, and arrives at Stansted Airport by 6:08. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you tell me the travel time for the TR1656?
Absolutely, it is 28 minutes.
thanks. i think thats take care of everything for me. thanks. bye.
Great, glad I could be of some assistance to you. Enjoy your trip, good day!


Actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the North end that offers free parking
There are 11 to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Oh, wait. I think maybe a guesthouse would better suit our needs.
How about the [arbury lodge guesthouse]?
That sounds to be a good one. May i please have their address and description of the location?
The Arbury Lodge is located in the north part of town, at 82 Arbury Road. Do you want to make a reservation?
Actually, right now, I just need to have the address. Also, I need to find a restaurant. Expensive with [northern European] food.
The address for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is 82 Arbury Road. There are no expensive North European restaurants in Cambridge. Do you want to change the food type?
How about an expensive [Korean] restaurant?
[little seoul] has great food, when would you like the reservation for and for how many?
Six people at [17:45] on Wednesday would work great. Can I get a reference number please?
The reference number is R20I7FP5 do you need help with anything else?
I also need to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the hotel.
Do you mean from the guesthouse to the restaurant?
Yes, excuse me. Can you please book a taxi that will arrive there by the reservation time?
Ok, I've booked you a taxi. It will be a white toyota, with the contact number : 07693044050
Great, thank you so much! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!
great day and thanks for inquiring from us
It was my pleasure. thanks a gain.
welcome all the time
I've really got to go. I am late for work. Goodbye.
I'm so sorry about that, it looks like someone left the phone off the hook, i'll hang up now. good bye.


Can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?
I have a number of guesthouses available, do you have a location preference?
Not really, but I do need free parking in expensive range
I'm sorry, but we don't have anything that meets your requests. Would you like to change what you're looking for? Maybe I could help you with something else?
what about the one with a cheap range?
I have seven cheap 4 star guesthouses with free parking in the cheap range. One in the center, three in the east and one each in the north, south and west.
Can you recommend one? I need a reservation for tuesday
[alexander bed and breakfast] would suit your needs. How many people will be staying and for how many days?
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
Reference number is : BL0Z1OXC . Anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find a [chinese] restaurant in the centre.
What's your price range? I recommend the Ugly Duckling, but it's expensive. [Charlie Chan] is a good, cheap place, and Lan Hong House is in the middle, price-wise.
Let's go with the cheap place. It will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at [14:15].
Booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DJAKWB3Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, I'm gonna need. Thanks.
Thank you for using our service today?
Actually, I will need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Ok, your taxi will be a red lexus. Its contact number is 07558129121. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you again for using our service, enjoy your stay!


Yes, I need a train to Kings Cross on Tuesday.
Okay. Where are you departing from?
The main City Hall
I don't show that there are any trains departing from City Hall. Would you like another departure site?
Yes, please. I will departing from Cambridge.
And what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by [17:00].
There is a train at 17:00 going to Kings Cross. Would you like to book a ticket on that one?
I apologize. I meant to say that I need to leave sometime after [11:30].
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, there is not. Any will be fine. I'll need tickets for 4 people, please?
Booking was successful! You leave at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51. Reference number 68ATC774 .
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east.
There are 7 available options in the east. What price range would you like?
How about something moderately priced?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has both wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 5 nights from Thursday for 4 people.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Hi I am looking for a train that will arrive by [08:15] and leave on monday.
There are several trains arriving by 08:15 on Monday? Where would you like to leave from and arrive?
It should leave from stansted airport and arrive at cambridge.
I have train TR9641 that arrives at 07:52,what time are you wanting to leave?
Please give me the last train to arrive by 08:15. I will need two tickets.
That would be TR9641. the booking was successful, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: SLW0BCJI . Can I do anything else for you?
I'm looking for a place to go on the west side of town.
There is a free attraction at [all saints church].
That would be great. Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it?
The postcode of All Saints Church is cb58bs. The phone number is 01223452587. The address is Jesus Lane.
Jesus Lane? Really? Okay. That's about it, but can you confirm the church event is happening on Monday?
There's nothing that says there will be a church event on Monday or any other day.
Ok thank you goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant.
There are many Chinese restaurants do you have a price range or an area you'd like to eat at?
I would like the expensive price range.
We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specific area of town?
I don't have a preference, just give me the phone number of the one you would recommend.
I like the good luck chinese food takeaway. The phone is 01223244149. What else can I do for you?
I need to catch a train to London kings cross. I need to get there by [09:15]. Can you find me one?
I will need your departure location and day of travel to complete the request.
OKay, I will be leaving from Ely.
What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I'm sorry, I meant I'm leaving from CAMBRIDGE to london kings cross on Sunday.
I have updated the search, what day will you need that?
Sunday, please. I just said that.
TR7423 leaves at [5:00] and arrives at 5:51. Would that work?
That will be perfect! Could you book me 1 seat please?
Okay, you are booked on that train. Your reference number is NNZ8E0N7 . Can I do anything else for you today?
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!
Your welcome, have a great day!


I'd like to find information for the restaurant called [The Missing Sock].
The missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east. Would you like more information?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Thank you. Be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations.


a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
Would you like Chinese or Indian food?
I don't care. give me the phone number and postcode .
Golden wok serves Chinese food, their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L.
Thank You
You're welcome.


Am looking for hospital in town.
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


I need a train to Peterborough that will be there no later than [17:15].
I have several choices, do you have a time for your departure?
I am looking for a train arriving in Peterborough.
And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Sunday.
I have train TR1086 that leaves at 16:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 16:56. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will be fine can you get me a ticket?
How many tickets will you need?
I need 7 tickets.
I've booked you 7 tickets on the TR1086. Your reference is IJ6ZQ2GF and the total fee of 92.4 GBP is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.
sure, in what area of town?


I'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
There are five options in the centre with internet. Are you looking for a particular kind of lodging?
Yes, I would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and moderately priced.
I'm afraid I don't see any. What about something else?
Can you try another area please?
no i wanted this specific one.
Is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for cheap?
I have the [alexander bed and breakfast] it is cheap and offers free wifi and parking.
I need 3 nights for 4 people starting Sunday. Also looking for a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge. Leaving after [18:00] on the same day as hotel booking.
OK, your room is booked, ref#5WCVJFIO . I also found TR1428, leaving Broxbourne at 18:32. Will that work?
Yes. Can I please get the arrival time. thank you.
It arrives at 19:32.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you that is all the information I need today.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi
I have found several possibilities for you. Do you have any particular area you would like to stay in?
In the south would be better.
I have two in the moderate price range and one that is in a lower price range. Do you have a preference as far as that goes?
I don't care about the price range, I just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.
I would recommend [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast located at 53 Roseford Road. Can I reserve a room for you?
Does it have free parking?
Yes this guesthouse has free parking. Would you like to reserve a room?
No, but I would like the address, postcode and phone number please
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast address is 53 roseford road , postcode cb22ha, and phone 01223512596. Can I look anything else up for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant called [nandos city centre], can I have more info on that?
Nando's City Centre is a great portuguese restaurant that is cheap and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation. But can I get their postcode please?
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi to leave the hotel by [14:30].
Can I get a destination for the taxi please?
[Nando's City Centre] restaurant please
I have booked your ride. Your car type is a black Honda and your contact number is 07917232532. Is there anything else you need?
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you have a great day!


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.
What day would you like me to book a hotel?
Before I book, I'd like to make sure that it is a guesthouse with free parking. Do you have anything with those amenities?
yes. there are 16 options. Do you have a price point?
Anything works. Is there a 4 star guesthouse with both free parking and free wifi?
[Acorn guest house] is a 4-star guest house with free parking and free wifi. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. I need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting saturday.
I was able to get you those 6 rooms. Your reservation number is HAG2VEZK . Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves [modern european] food.
[The river bar steakhouse and grill] is available if that works for you?
Yes. Can you get us a table at [14:00] on Saturday?
How many people will be in your party?
It will be for the same amount, 6 people.
I was able to book The River Bar for 6 people at 14:00 on Saturday, reference number 79DX01Y4 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome. How about a taxi between the two places?
I can certainly help with that. Are you looking for a ride from the restaurant back to the hotel? What time would you like to leave by?
No, I need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by [14:00] for our reservation. The pickup time doesn't really matter.
Booking completed! I have a red toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07956621045. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that covers everything.Thanks so much!
You're more than welcome!


I need information on trains leaving on Friday.
Ok, there are many trains that day. Do you know your destination?
I'm going from Ely to Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave by?
If at all possible, I would like to leave after [16:45].
I have train TR2759 leaving at 17:35 and arriving by 17:52. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price?
The price for the train is 4.40 pounds. Can I book this for you?
No thank you. I need info on [cafe jello gallery].
They are a museum in the west. They offer free entrance. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
Thank you for your help. That will be all.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge


I need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by [13:45] on friday
sure, where are you departing from?
I'm departing from cambridge and want to go to birmingham new street
the tr7195 will get you there by 12:08 how many tickets please?
Well, first, what is the departure time, price and travel time? It sounds like it will work.
Sorry, that was the TR6668, not TR7195, arrives by 12:44, duration of the trip is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thank you. Are there any expensive restaurants in the town centre?
There are a variety of options in that area. Is there a particular type of food that you would like?
Not really. Can I just have the postcode and phone number for your favorite place?
[kymmoy] is the best! their phone number is 01223311911 and postcode is cb12as
Great. Thanks. That is all.
Okay. I hope you enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of further help.


I'm looking to visit a college.
What area would you like to visit a college?
It can be anywhere in town.
There are many beautiful colleges to see I recommend [Christ's college] in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the address and the area it is in.
The address for christ's college is saint andrew's street in the centre. May I help you with something else today?
Yes I want to find an expensive [chinese] restaurant.
There are 9 options, but [ugly duckling] fits your needs and is in the centre near the college, would you like more information?
Could you book that place for 7 people on Sunday at [13:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BC3DZBXM


Is there such a train that leaves to cambridge, might I include on a tuesday?
Do you have a station you would prefer to depart from?
Yes. I want to leave from london kings cross.
There are 10 trains that meet your needs. The earliest leaves at 05:17 and the latest leaves at 23:17. Is there a time of day you prefer?
I would like to leave on tuesday after [10:30].
I have TR7850 that leaves at 11:17 and will arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would that suit your needs?
May I get the travel time for that train, please?
Absolutely! The travel time is 51 minutes!
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should a hotel of 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It should include free wifi.
Is there a particular part of town that you would like to stay in?
Any part of town is fine.
I'm afraid we don't have any hotels that meet your needs, but we do have two guesthouses. One in the north and one in the city centre.
Not interested win a guesthouse. Do you have a hotel with free parking and a 0-star rating?
No, I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels with those qualifications. Can you expand your search parameters?
We will figure something out, thanks for your help today!
have a fantastic day, goodbye.


I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.
Sure, there are 3. Is there a particular part of town you prefer?
No, but I am looking for a 4 star hotel.
I see no 4 star rating hotels, there are 2 hotels with 2 star rating in that price range. Would you like information on those?
I really am interested in a 4 star hotel and would rather not settle for a 2 star hotel.
If you would be willing to stay at a guesthouse instead, I have 11 different moderately priced 4-star guesthouses available throughout the city. Would any of these be acceptable?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you recommend one of those?
I would recommend [Acorn Guest House], moderately priced and includes free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb41da
Great, I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range too.
We have 21 places, I would hate to steer you toward something that wasn't a match, any food preferences?
i would really enjoy some [international] food.
The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant both offer international food. Could you like a recommendation?
Let's go with the [Bloomsbury]. I need a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people.
I will book that for you now.
Thanks. Can you book for [15:45]?
Ok I will book it for you


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.
Yes I have many options. Do you have an area of stay preference?
I want to be in the north. Preferably in a guesthouse.
Okay, and what star should the hotel have?
I do not care about the star. I do need it to be open for 5 nights from Saturday. Eight people.
I'd recommend the [avalon]. It's a 4 star moderately priced hotel. Does that work for you?
Thanks for the recommendation. Yes, that will work for me and my party. May I please get a reference number?
You have a reservation at the Avalon for 5 nights from Saturday for 8 people. Your reference number is 1NWU0HDV .


I'm coming to town from Ely and want to book a train.
There are plenty of options, what date and time will you need this service?
I need arrive at cambridge by [10:45].
There are 21 possible trains with the TR2704 arriving closest to your desired time at 09:52. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book a seat.
Ok, it'll be 4.40 pounds per ticket. How many tickets do you want?
I need to make a booking for 8 people.
Here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LWIXNE3T .
I also need a restaurant.
Well do you have a preference for food type, price range or location?
A cheap one in the south part of town.
There is a chinese place and a portuguese place. Do you have a preference between the two?
The [Chinese] restaurant will be find. I'd like to book a table for 8 people at [16:30] on Friday.
Booking at [The Lucky Star] Chinese Restaurant has been confirmed your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number 3NXT0DHF . May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thanks for using our service today!


Would you help me find a nearby hospital please? I've been injured and need medical attention.
Addenbrookes Hospital is nearby. The telephone is 01223245151 and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge,CB20QQ
Thank you, that was everything I needed.
You're welcome. I hope you get to feeling better.
I hope so. Thanks, again. Goodbye.
You are more than welcome.


I'm looking for a nightclub to visit.
Most of the nightclubs are in the centre area. Ballare is located at Heidelberg Gardens in Lion Yard. Would like to hear about some others?
No, but could you tell me more about that one? is it in the centre? What's the postcode?
It is located in the centre. The postcode is cb23na.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves cheap [chinese] food.
You have four options. Do you have an area preference?
I would like it to be in the centre.
How about [Charlie Chan]? I eat there sometimes.
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at [19:00] on Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TLAT8P6I . What else can I do for you today?
That will be all, thank you very much for your help!
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday after [21[:30]].
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Broxbourne.
I have 2 trains going to broxbourne, do you have an arrival time preference?
i just want to leave after 21:30
Will an arrival time of [22:01] work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price and travel time for that, please.
will you be leaving cambridge?
Yes, I'll be leaving from cambridge. What's the train number and cost? Oh, and how long is the trip?
It costs 17.90 pounds. I need to know your arrival time to determine the trainid.
I also would like to book a table for 3 at [prezzo] for [16:00] the same day I arrive or Tuesday. I need the reference number also.
I was able to reserve a table at Prezzo on Thursday at 16:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number R0Q4HL63 . Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Have a nice day.


How are you doing today? I need to find a hotel on the North side of town that offers internet at no extra charge
do you have a price range in mind?
no, but it should be a guesthouse
Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range in the north part of town.
Is that my only option? I need a guesthouse in the north and internet is not important.
No, there are 10 guesthouses in the north. Do you need something specific?
No, please recommend one for me and give me the address.
I still recommend [arbury lodge] guest house. Its a four star hotel and have very good reviews and it has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can I get the address please?
Yes, it is located at 82 Arbury Road, postcode cb42je.
Thanks. Are there any restaurants in that area that serve [Corsica] cuisine?
There are not any Corsica restaurants in that area. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like for me to check?
Yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food in the area.
Hakks, Golden Wok and The Hotspot are all chinese restaurants in the north
Could I make a reservation for 6 people on Tuesday at [13:15] at [Golden Wok]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 327PBMAC .
I also need to get a taxi.
No problem, where to where, and when to when?
I need to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant, and I want to be sure I get there by the reservation time.
Booking completed! Booked car type: yellow honda Contact number 07962119630
Thank you for your help!
You are welcome enjoy your day.


Please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre
You could try the [yippee noodle bar], which is [asian oriental], and priced moderately. It is located at 40428 King Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a postcode? Thanks!
The postcode is cb21rq. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks, I will give you a call back. Goodbye.
Alright. Sounds good. I look forward to your call.


i am looking for a train. The train should go to broxbourne and should leave on sunday
Yes there are several trains available. What is your departure site and arrival and departure times.
I'd like to leave from Cambridge to arrive at Broxbourne by [10:45].
TR2941 arrives at 10:01.
Could I get the price, departure time and train ID?
Yes, train TR2941, departing Cambridge at 9:01 will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great. I also need a moderate hotel in the south.
There are no results matching your request. Would another location be okay, or perhaps a different price range?
Can you suggest something with free wifi and a 3 star rating? I'm open to less expensive price ranges.
There is the lensfield hotel but it is in the expensive price range, would you like me to try another area?
I would like something in the moderate price range.
Would a guesthouse be ok? I have a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the south with wifi.
I think I'd prefer a hotel. I need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting Friday. I need a reference number please.
I am sorry but there are no moderately priced 3 star hotels. Could we try another search?
There are no moderate 3 star hotels in the whole of London?
There are several in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I need a moderate priced room in the South. Hotel, or guesthouse.
[bridge guest house] is popular this time of year and would suit those needs. Can I book you a room?
Please book me a room, I would like the reference number.
Your reference number is T921UTQK . What else can I do for you today?
Nothing else. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Bye.
good bye and have a great day


I'd like to find a place to stay.
Okay. let's narrow down your options. Which area of town do you prefer?
North part of town
We have 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north area. Do you need a certain price range?
I would like something in the moderate range.
[home from home] is moderately priced, has 4 stars, and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes, eight people starting Thursday lasting for four nights.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is K73WLZ8H . Do you need anything else?
That should do it. Thank you!
Thank you and please remember us for your future travel needs.


Can you help me find information on a hotel called [allenbell]?
The Allenbell Hotel is a 4 star guesthouse hotel, the price range is cheap. Internet and parking are available. Would you like to book a room?
I need a room there for 8 on saturday, and staying two nights, I'll need the reference number too please
I've scheduled your booking at the Allenbell on Saturday for 2 nights for 8 people. The Reference number is : WBD98WJA .
I also need a train from stansted airport and go to cambridge.
All trains leave on friday, what time is the depature and arrival?
[18:15] is the departure. [19:30] is the arrival.
Train TR5921 departs from stansted airport at 18:24 and arrives at cambridge at 19:30 on friday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will work. Please book 8 tickets. I'll also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2D2L9TYI .
That is all I need. Good bye.
Thank you for using our service!


I need some places to go. Can you tell me about some concert halls in the south?
Unfortunately I am not finding any concerthalls in the south. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area of town you would be interested in?
I am also interested in your local museums. Are there any in the south?
Yes, there is 1 museum in that location. It is called [Byard Art] Museum. Would you like more information?
Sure. What is the entrance fee and phone number?
Entrance is free, and the phone number is 01223464646.
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 4 star moderately priced place
I have several options for you. Would you like a particular area?
Not really, but I prefer guesthouse type.
Do you think the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] would suit you? It's also in the south. I can try to book you a room if you like.
As long as they have decent internet I'm fine.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's everything I needed.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


I am planning a trip and need to book a train to Birmingham.
When would you like to leave?
I would like it to leave after [11:45].
What day will you be travelling on?
I need to leave on Sunday and depart from Cambridge. What will my arrival time be?
I have train TR0686 leaving sunday at 12:01 and arriving at 14:44. Would you like to book that?
That might work but I'll have to think about it. In the meantime, what details can you give me about [Scudamores Punting Co]?
Its a lovely boat in the center. Would you like me to get you the address and phone number?
That's okay. That's all I need today. Thank you for your help, goodbye!
Good bye, enjoy your stay at Cambridge.


Hello. Can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants that are in the cheap price range and in the south part of town. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
[Chinese] food
[The lucky star] is chinese. would you like the phone number?
no, just the address please
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye and enjoy your meal!


I'm looking for boat attractions in the centre area of town.
There are 2 boat attractions named "scudamores punting co" and "the cambridge punter."
Let's go with the [cambridge punter]. May I get the phone number to that please?
The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you have any other questions about this location?
I am also looking for a train leaving from leicester to cambridge.
There are over 100 trains from which to choose. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by [08:30] and want to leave on Sunday. Can you help me with that please.
There is a train arriving at 06:54 and one at 07:54. Which would you prefer?
The 7:54. May I please have the train ID and departure time?
TR0466 leaves at 06:09.
Great, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
I'm happy I could help you today. Have a great day!


I was wondering if there is a [French] restaurant here in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum in the center of town.
There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is [Cambridge Contemporary Art]. Is that acceptable, or do you have other criteria?
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee for the museum?
That is free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross.
There are plenty of trains that will take you to London Kings Cross. May I ask what day and time you would like to take this train?
I want to leave Thursday and arrive by 16:00
I see. TR5266 arrives by 15:51. Will that be sufficient?
I think so. Can you give me the travel time and price for TR5266?
The train departs at 15:00 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
Great, thank you, I think that's all I need.
Alright then. Have a wonderful day.


Are there any [Indonesian] restaurants in the centre?
There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area of the city?
No. I would like an expensive restaurant, though.
There are quite a few. I might recommend La Mimosa, it serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good?
I'm not a fan of Mediterranean, is there a [Sushi] spot somewhere close?
I can't find any sushi places for you how about another?
Let's try expensive [Italian] food. I need a table for 6 on wednesday at [18:45], can you help me?
I made your reservation at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar for Wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people. Have fun!
Thank you can I get the reference number for my reservation?
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have another preference?
Yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book [don pasquale pizzeria] reference number is G4T03ZZ7
Okay thank you very much.
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after [12:30] on monday
From where will you be departing?
I am leaving from Ely.
I have the TR4849 train leaving Ely at 13:35 on Monday.
What will be my arrival time in Cambridge and what is the ticket price, please?
The price is 4.40 pounds. You will arrive at 13:52.
Perfect, could you also assist me in finding a place to stay?
I sure can. What area would you like to stay?
Oh I'm not picky on the area. I definitely need free wifi, moderate price, and 0 stars though.
How about [cityroomz]? It is located in the centre of the city, is moderately priced, has 0 stars, and has free wifi. I think it would be perfect ofor you!
That's perfect I need it booked for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Monday.
You are booked and your reference number is QUJQMRK7 . Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.


i am looking for a hotel in the south.
We have one place the lensfield hotel, would you like more information?
it should have a 4 stars rating
According to my records, there aren't any hotels that meet your requirements. Sorry! Would you like to try something else?
How about a guesthouse with 4 stars?
there is one cheap and one expensve. which one would you prefer?
Thank you! It does not matter to me.
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is moderate and in the south. would you like to book a room now?
Yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on Wednesday, and we'd like to stay 5 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PHDX0SZC . anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive [Cuban] place.
I'm sorry - we don't have any expensive cuban restaurants in the area. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the moderate range?
No I apologize. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
[Italian] will be fine.
[pizza hut cherry] hinton is the only restaurant serving italian food in the south part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to book or more information
Could you book for my party at [15:15] on Wednesday?
For how many please ?
The reservation is for 7 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TP3B0YH5 . Anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
No problem. I booked you a white bmw that will get you there by 15:15. The contact number is 07961694517.
Thank you so much for your help much appreciated.
welcome anytime you want to inquire
thank you very much
Thank you for trusting me to make the bookings for you.


I'm looking for an attraction called [whale of a time].
Yes, Whale of a Time is entertainment located in the west on Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their phone number is 01954781018.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb238el
Great Thank you. I also need to look for a train departing from Ely to Cambridge on a Tuesday.
I can help with that. What time did you need to travel?
I need to leave after [11:30] please.
The TR3412 leaves at [11:35], arriving at [11:52]. Will that work?
Yes, that will work for me.
Would you like me to book this then?
Yes please book this train and give me the reference number.
How many tickets will you need?
I need 4 tickets, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MM13YYHP . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you so much. That will be all today. Goodbye
Thank you and have a nice day.


I would like to book a train for Tuesday at [18:45] departing at bishops stortford and arrive at Cambridge.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 18:45.
The TR9286 train goes from bishops stortford to cambridge on Tuesday at 19:29, Shall I book that for one person?
Can you please book it for 4 people?
Hi..A reservation for 4 people has been confirmed. The reference number is 30MCMOEX and the price is 40.4GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you for your help.
you are welcome! Have a good day!


I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [christmas] food
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food. Can I find anything else?
How about [Chinese] food?
There are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve Chinese food. What price range would you like?
i dont care
I would recommend [peking restaurant], which is a nice restaurant in the south .
can i have the address of them, also the price range ?
peking restaurant is expensive, its location is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
thank you good bye
enjoy your meal, goodbye.


[malaysian] food in the west part of town
There aren't any malaysian restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search?
How about [Thai] food in the west part of town?
[Sala Thong] is a restaurant that serves Thai food
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
Sala Thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Their number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
no, thank you good bye
You're welcome.


Hi, could you help me find a restaurant called [ask].
Ask is a cheap [Italian] restaurant located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223364917
Are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at [16:45] on Tuesday?
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I can book at [zizzi] bambridge at 16:45 on Tuesday for 8 people.
That will work.
Reference number is : WK5JKOHN . Need anything else?
That's all thank you for your help today!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What area would you like to stay? And do you have a pricerange?
i would like to stay in the north and looking for something with 4 stars
Do you need internet or parking?
I do need parking. Is there anything available?
Yes, there are 7 hotels available. I'd recommend the [acorn guest house]. Would you like a room?
book for 4 people and 4 nights from wednsday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UN9VHM37 . Anything else I can help you with today?
I am also am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn. I need to arrive by [12:30]. Can you help me book a train?
Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge on Friday.
TR3947 leaves cambridge at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58. Would that work for you?
What is price for a ticket and I also need the travel time.
The cost is 9.80 pounds and the total travel time is 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been very helpful. I have all of the information I need for now. Thanks so much, bye.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.


I am looking for an expensive guesthouse to stay in during my trip to Cambridge.
Unfortunately there is nothing that matches your criteria. Would you like to try a hotel or different price range instead?
Are you sure there are no expensive guesthouses in the whole town?
Yes I am certain. Would you like to try another price range?
How about the moderate price range?
Certainly, there are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you require internet or parking?
Free parking would be great please.
12 of those places offer free parking, any other preferences?
Is there a guesthouse that Is close to the South ?
There are 2. One is 4 stars and the other is 3. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the 4 star please
I would recommend alyesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
I would rather stay at a hotel if that's okay.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel in the west with free parking. Does that fit your needs?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for the alysebray [lodge guest house]?
Sure. Their postcode is cb17sr. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for someplace to tour in town in the south involving architecture.
Unfortunately, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Would you like me to search other areas of Cambridge for architectural attractions?
Okay, I'd like to find an entertainment place in the south.
I have Nusha and Tenpin that are entertainment venues in the south. Which one interests you?
I will pick option two! Thank you very much for the help and have a great day!
Was that all you needed today?
Actually, can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number of [Tenpin]?
Sure, the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, number is 08715501010, and their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anthing else you need?
No that's everything, thanks. Goodnight!
Okay fantastic, have a good one.


I am looking for a restaurant [sitar tandoori]. Can you give me more information?
Sitar tandoori is a [indian] restaurant in the east. It is considered expensive. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 6 at [18:00] on Monday please.
sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. can you please choose another day or time slot?
Can you try for [17:00] instead? And if they are available, I need the reference number.
Alright, I've got your reservation booked, reference number is PE2FBNEN .
Thanks. I am also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.
there are no colleges in the east. can i look somewhere else?
How about in a different area?
There are 4 colleges in the west. Churchill college is located at storey's way. It's entrance fee is free.


I'm looking for a moderate price range hotel with 2 star rating.
There are 2 moderate 2 star hotels in the North, the [Ashley Hotel] and the Lovell Lodge. Do you want to book?
I need to be sure that these are hotels. Does either include free parking?
Yes, they are both lovely hotels.
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 2 nights from Friday please?
Booking was successful for the ashley hotel, your reference number is : GBB9BL1O . Can I assist you with anything further?
I would also like find an [asian oriental] restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] is what I would recommend. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at [13:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 98WSLWXU . Do you need help with anything else?
No, Thank you that is it.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I need a train out to London Liverpool Street on Saturday.
What time do you need to leave on Saturday?
I'd like to leave sometime after [16:15], leaving from Cambridge.
The first train after 16:15 TR8824 leaves at 17:59. Shall I book it for you?
Can you tell me how much that will cost and how long the journey is?
Yes, it will cost 13.28 pounds and take approximately 88 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything!
Sure. Let me know if you need anything else.
Okay. Thank you.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant name [taj tandoori].
It's an expensive restaurant in the south. It serves indian food.
I would like to book a table for 8 people on Sunday at [19:30].
Your booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 6KURIUG5 .
Thanks so much. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye.
Thanks! You're very welcome! You have a great day too!


I am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is [ask]. Can you tell me about it?
Yes sure. their address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre and their telephone number and postcode are 01223364917 and cb21uf respectively. Is there anything else you need to know?
What side of town are they in?
Ask is located in the city centre.
Great, thanks. Can I also get some information on [Hobsons House] hotel?
Sure thing it is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Could you provide me with their phone number and star rating please?
The phone number is 01223304906 and the stars is 3
Thank you. I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. It needs to leave the hotel by [20:00].
Okay. We have you booked with a car that's a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07764280286.
That is all I need. Thank you so much for your help.
Yeah any time let us know if you need anything else.
Okay great. Bye now!
Sorry I forgot to hang up. Good bye now.


looking for a train in Cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday
We have 19 trains that may suit your needs. Is there a particular time you are looking to leave or arrive by?
YES, COULD YOU PLEASE FIND ME A TRAIN FOR 10:PM TONIGHT? I PLAN ON GETTING ONE TONIGHT,SO I CAN ARRIVE BY MID-NIGHT.THIS WILL ALLOW ME TO GO RIGHT TO SLEEP.
Of course! Train TR0446 leaves at 20:24 and arrives by 20:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, thanks. I just need 1 ticket for myself.
Your reference number is 6ULUC5LP, is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free wifi?
I'd be happy to find that for you. What are of the city would you like to be in, and do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I prefer a guesthouse please. Oh and I also will need free parking.
I have several great options. Do you need to be in a certain area of town? Alexander b&b in the centre has four stars.
Yes, that sounds perfect. Lets book it.
Alright, what day will you be there and how many days will you be staying? How many people will be staying with you?
On second thought, I'm going to hold off on booking that. I appreciate all of your help and I should have all the information I need. Goodbye!
Glad to be of help. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a museum?
Certainly! There are 23 great museums to visit. Are you looking for a specific area of town?
Not really. Which is your favorite?
My favorite is the [Williams Art and Antiques]. They are in the centre of town and offer free entrance. Would you like more information on it?
Yes adress and phone number please
The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, phone number is 01223311687. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Thursday.
Where are you leaving from? Is there a specific arrival or departure time that you need?
I am leaving from Broxbourne and should arrive by 21:30
Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
no book for 4 people and get the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D06EZBWG .
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I will need. Thank you.
Have a good trip!


I was injured and need a hospital nearby.
Addensbrookes Hospital will be the closest. The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Postcode is cb20qq. Telephone is 01223245151. Will this be okay?
That is perfect. Thank you for your help.
you are very welcome
Thanks. That's all I needed. Goodbye.
Ok, if there's anything else you think of please contact the help desk. Thank you and have a great day.


I need a place to stay. It needs to have free parking.
the acorn guest house is a guesthouse located in the north in the moderate price range, interested in that one?
Is there any 4 star hotels in the east?
There are 3: huntington marriott hotel, the cambridge belfry, and university arms hotel
It doesn't have to be a hotel. I just need something with a 4 star rating with free parking.
May I recommend the [Acorn Guesthouse]? It's in the north and moderately priced.
I suppose that works, I need to book it for 2 nights starting from Thursday, for 4 people.
It looks like I can't book that at this time, would you like to change your day, or try a different length?
Actually, can you look for a guesthouse with the same specifications?
i could book for you arbury lodge guesthouse


Book me a taxi to come by [19:30] to take me to [ADC Theatre].
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from [pizza express fen ditton]
You're all set. A red audi will pick you up and the contact number, should you need it, is 07397899345. Can I help with anything else?
No that's everything. Thanks!
You're welcome! I'm happy I could help.


I'm looking for a restaurant serving [Irish] food in any area.
There are no irish restaurants in the area.
Well can I get the phone number to a [European] restaurant?
Cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food. Their phone number is 01223 355166. Can I help you with anything else?
That's it, goodbye
your welcome good bye


I need to book a train that leaves Cambridge after [17:30].
There are several trains that leave Cambridge after 17:30. Can you please tell me your destination so I can find the most appropriate one for you?
I would like to go to Norwich.
There are 49 trains, do you have a preferred day?
I need to leave on Sunday please.
TR1975 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Is that okay?
Yes, what is the travel time and price for that train?
The travel time is 79 minutes and the cost of the ticket is 14.08 pounds.
Could you also confirm the arrival time?
Of course, the arrival time of the train is Sunday at 18:55.
Thank you very much for your help?
You are welcome. Do you need any other information?
No, that'll be all!
All right, please enjoy your trip!


I'm looking to book a taxi to [Pembroke College] for this evening.
Where will you be departing from?
I need to leave from [primavera]
Great, do you have a leave by, or an arrival time in mind?
I want to leave by [9:15]. I also need to know the car type and contact number.
Okay, look for a yellow audi to pick you up. The contact number is 07881400116. May I assist you with anything else?
no thats all thanks
It has been a pleasure. Have a great day.


Are there any museums on the West side?
Yes, there are 7! What type of museum would you like to visit?
pick one for me and i would need the address and entrance fee
people's portraits exhibition at girton college has free entrance and is located at girton college, huntingdon road, can i give you the phone number?
No that's all I needed. Can you find me a train that arrives to Cambridge by [8:45] from Norwich?
I have many options that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or day of travel?
I'd like to arrive by 08:45 on sunday.
There are 3 trains on Sunday, arriving at 06:35, 07:35, and 08:35. Which one would you like to book?
Actually, I don't need to book just yet. Could you tell me the price and the id of the train arriving at 08:35?
The TR420 is 14.08 pounds. How is that?
That is great, that is all I need for now.
Terrific. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for a train.
Alright. Where are you headed?
I'm head to Leicester from Cambridge on Saturday.
What time are you planning to leave?
Anytime after [8:45].
TR3371 leaves at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06. It is 30.24 pounds. Would you be interested in that?
I meant to say I want to leave after [20:45].
Great, I have TR9209 that meets your criteria and is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I booking for one person.
Pardon me, did you say you are traveling on Saturday or Sunday?
I am traveling on Saturday.
Okay, I have TR7610 that leaves at 21:21. The price is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for one person.
Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is MHMRVMR4 . Anything else?
Nope, that's all. Thanks!
you are welcome, enjoy yourself.


I'm looking for a museum in town.
There are many great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to visit?
No specific area. Can you recommend one for me?
The Byard Art museum located in the south area of town is very nice. Would you like information about it?
Yes, give me the phone number please.
Sure! The phone number is 01223464646.
Thanks! That's all the information I needed. Have a great day!
Thank you. Have a good day.


Please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.
There are 19 hotels. Was there a price range you are looking for?
Thanks for asking. Moderate suite my pocketbook best.
There are nine guest houses that fit your criteria. Are you interested in a particular area of town?
yes north will be fine with me
May I suggest [Acorn Guesthouse]? It fits all your criteria. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 8 people please.
When will you be arriving and how many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to book for 4 nights starting on wednesday, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FUHPBZA4 . Can I help with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant for that same day
Sure, what type of food are you looking for?
I think everyone likes [Chinese] food.
What price range would you like?
it should be on the moderate price range
I have 4 to choose from. Three are in the centre of town and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
Let's do the one in the north, by the hotel.
Okay! How about [Golden Wok]? Would you like a reservation?
Yes for [18:00] on Wednesday for 8 people please.
Okay, you got it! The reference number for your reservation is 96EQ4JSI
Thank you! That is all I need.
Enjoy your dinner.
Have a great day!
You too and glad I could help.


I am looking for a train leaving from Birmingham New Street and arriving by [16:00].
There is a train every hour from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge starting at 5:40. It costs 75.10 pounds and is 163 minutes.
I think that would be too late. I also need it on Monday, not right now.
On Monday the TR3734 arrives by 15:23. Would you like to book some tickets for that? Or perhaps an earlier train if you think that's cutting it too fine.
I think that would be good, can you get me 4 tickets?
Booking was successful. The total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is GXTXW2EM . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve [european] food
OK, I have a few options, what side of town would you like that on?
Could you make that on the north side please.
There is one expensive European restaurant in the north - [City Stop Restaurant]. Would you like to reserve a table there?
No, I just need the postcode and address as well as a phone number.
The address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41uy. The phone number is 01223363270. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything I need for my trip. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
You're welcome. You, too.
Please give me a call if you need any assistance during your visit


I'm looking for a place to go to in the centre that has entertainment. Can you help?
There is no entertainment in the centre, did you have something else in mind?
How about architecture?
There are five architecture attraction in the Centre. Do you care about the entry fee?
I don't. Could you recommend one, and give me the phone number and address?
I recommend Old Schools. Their address is Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train to Peterborough on Tuesday
I have many trains going to peterborough on tuesday. Where are you departing from and what time would you like to arrive?


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to [lynne strover gallery] and should depart from [parkside police station].
What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
The taxi should leave after [22:15]. Can I get the contact number and car type for that reservation?
You are all set! Please be on the lookout for a black lexus and the contact number is 07664673319.
i really appreciate, thanks
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's everything. Thank you very much for your time.
I'm happy to be of service! Have a wonderful day.


Yes, I need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is [Sitar Tandoori]. I'd like some information on the place if you can help.
Oh yes, the Sitar Tandoori is great [Indian] restaurant on our east side of town. Do you need me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, could you book a table for 6 on Friday at [11:45]?
I am sorry, I am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time. Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
That's unfortunate. Yes, is there something else in the same area?
I have a few more, moderate or expensive, which do you prefer I book?
If you could find one in the same price range that would be best.
I was able to book [pipasha restaurant], reference number is ZO0089US
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.


I need a train that leaves cambridge on monday after [09:15]
Where will you be going?
I will be going to ely.
TR8399 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives by 10:07, does this suit your needs?
Yes, that will be sufficient.
Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book it for me.
I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
On second thought, a booking will not be necessary now. The train ID you supplied is sufficient. I am looking for places to go while I'm in town.
No problem. What type of attraction are you interested in? There is lots to do here.
It doesn't matter what type, you pick!
all saints church is located in the town centre. its very popular this time of year. wou.d this work for you?
Yes that sounds like a great place to visit.
Anything else you need?
I need the post code and attraction type of [all saints church] please.
The attraction type for All Saint's is architecture and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need today. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'm heading out of Cambridge on Sunday. Please find me a train
Ok. And where is your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street and arrive at [17:45] on Sunday.
Train TR0189 Arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thanks.
Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I really want to visit a mutliple sports attraction, preferably in the Centre area, please.
I'm sorry I don;t have any sports attractions listed can I interest you in another attraction?
Can you try a museum?
Castle galleries is a great museum located in the centre of town at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.
Ok great. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?
There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range. Both of these hotels are moderately priced. Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?
No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Try a different area.
The [Cambridge belfry] is available in the west.
That sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from thursday?
You're all set at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is : LEMRQ8IA . Anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I need a train to Cambridge. Please get me one that arrives by [08:30]
Where are you departing from?
Departing from Norwich. I need a booking for eight people.
What day did you want to travel?
On Thursday, please.
I have train TR0256 leaving at 5:16 and arriving at 6:35.
That will be great. Can you book me 8 tickets please?
Your booking was a success. Reference number is: NLA2CG5S and total fee is: 140.8 GBP.


I'm looking for information on a hotel, the [carolina bed and breakfast].
Its a moderately priced four start hotel with internet. Do you need any more info?
Can you book it for me?
Yes. When would you like me to book it for and how many people?
I would like to book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday for 5 people
Your booking was successful and reference number is H14BC8TI . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, I need a train to get to Cambridge by [13:45].
Okay what day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?


I need to book a train for Monday.
Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from Peterborough going to Cambridge.
I have 38 trains that meet your criteria. Did you have a preferred departure time?
Ideally it should leave after [13:45].
TR9063 leaves at 13:48. Would you like to book it? The next departure is at 14:19.
Possibly, what is the price, arrival time, and travel time for TR9063?
TR9063 arrives in Cambridge at 14:38. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fee is 16.50 GBP per ticket.
Ok, thanks for that information. I would also need assistance finding a hotel in the north part of town.
There are 13 hotels in the north of town. Do you have a price range or star preference?
I would like to stay in an expensive hotel, I know that for sure. I am not too concerned about missing out on amenities such as free parking and WiFi.
[The acorn guest house] is a four star hotel. Would you like to try that one?
Is it expensive, though?
The acorn guest house is moderately priced, but there are two more inexpensive guesthouses available if you would prefer.
The acorn guest house will do nicely. I would like to book 4 nights starting Monday accommodating 4 guests. I will need the reference number.
The booking is successful, reference number is Y2ATA7D2 .
Thank you very much. I think that is everything I need then.
Glad I could help you today. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for an expensive [mediterranean] restaurant.
I show two that are located in the centre. We have the La Mimosa or the [Shiraz Restaurant]. May I book a table for you?
Could you check either to see if I could make a reservation for 8 people at [15:00] on Monday?
Yes. I have successfully books you at the shiraz resturant, address 84 Regent Street City Centre. Your reference number is 9OE645NY . You should arrive within 15 minutes of your time.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what do you need to know?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.
Are you looking for a certain price range or a particular part of town?
I would like a hotel in a moderate price range not far from the railway station.
I'm sorry I don;t have anything matching your description. Do you have another area in mind?
If there aren't any, how about a guesthouse?
Nothing matches for guesthouse or hotel, can I try something else for you?
A guesthouse with a 3 star rating and does not need to have internet, nothing?
There are no guest houses in that area with a three star rating. Is there another area you would like me to check?
I guess a hotel in the same area with any rating will do.
I have the [Gonville hotel] that is a 3 star expensive hotel. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Sunday.
How many people will be staying and how many nights do you need?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Could you give me the reference number?
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is V0E1X9SL . Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.
May I book you a train and or a taxi?
No, thank you. I have everything I need.
Wonderful! Have a great day!


I am looking for the [adc theatre].
The ADC Theatre is located in the center of town, on Park Street. Would you like their phone number?
Sure, and may I have their exact address please?
Park Street, post code cb58as. Anything else?
I am also looking to stay in a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
In what area would you like it?
I don't care about the area but I would like to make sure it is a hotel.
The University Arms Hotel in the centre is very nice, or a more budget-friendly option is The Cambridge Belfry in the west. Would you like to book a room at one?
i want one that has a 4 star rating.
Both of them are 4 star hotels. The Cambridge Belfy has a cheap price range. The University Arms Hotel has an expensive price range. What is your preference?
Lets try [Cambridge Belfy] and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: PLVGFKHD .
I want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at [21:15].
You have a red Volkswagen taxi with contact number 07430238661 bringing you from the hotel to adc theatre. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Okay have a good day!


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [chinese] food and should be in the expensive price range.
There are 9 to choose from. Do you have a preference as to area?
Area isn't important, can you recommend a good one?
[peking restaurant] is located in the south. can i give you their contacts?
Can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at [16:30] on Tuesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B8VXAZN0 .
Thank you. I also would like to visit somewhere in the centre of town.
There are many places to visit in the centre of town. Is there something specific you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
Any attraction is fine honestly, but how about a night club?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I recommend [soul tree nightclub] their entrance fee is 4 pounds. Would that one interest you?
That sounds fun! How much is it to get in?
Entrance fee is 4 pounds. They are located at 1-6 corn exchange street, phone number 01223477900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank is all. Thanks so much!
You are welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [portugese] food.
I have 2, one in the south and one in the centre of town. Both are cheap and serve portuguese food.
Could you book a reservation for me? I would like a reservation for 6 people at [14:00] on Wednesday. May I also have the reference number?
I have reserved your table. Your reference number is TRQQXOBM .
Thanks for that, I am also looking for a train that should arrive by [14:15] and should leave on Thursday.
Where are you traveling to and from?
I am traveling from Cambridge to Peterborough.
We have many trains that fit your needs. The latest one you could take would be the TR9792 which would have you arriving at 13:56.
OK, thanks. When does that train depart?
The train departs Cambridge at 13:06.
Thank you. Can you please book that train for me?
Yes, of course. How many tickets would you like booked?
I need 6 tickets.
Booking was successful for TR9792, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : BKXNWE2O . Do you need any further assistance?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Okay great. enjoy your travel and thank you for calling.
Thank you.
Thank you for using this system.


Greetings! I need a cheap hotel to stay the night in, could you help me?
I certainly can. I have about 10 available. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I would prefer a 0 star rating in the centre of town
The [El Shaddai] is a guesthouse with 0 stars in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, as long as it falls in the cheap price range, please.
Is it for just yourself? For how long and on what day?
The reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting Sunday. Thank you.
I was unable to book that for you. Perhaps we can try another day or a shorter stay?
How about just one night?
I have you down for one night. Your reference number is NF64LM1Z . Anything else?
That's all I need right now, thanks.
Have a great day!


Can you help me find a train from cambridge?
I have many trains available. What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I am travelling to london liverpool street on Monday
Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
london liverpool street and should leave after [17:00], I need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please
TR7092 leaves at 17:59, will this be ok?
That sounds great. Please book it for me.
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 116.2 GBP. You can pay this at the station. Your reference number is 2SDPSULR .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4.
I'm sorry there aren't any matches. Would you like to try something in the moderate price range?
How about a cheap place instead?
There are 7 choices in the cheap price range, are there any preferences?
are there any guesthouses?
Yes, there are several. Do you have a certain area in mind?
The area is not an issue. I do want it to be an actual hotel.
There is one cheap hotel in the west. It is the [Cambridge Belfry]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes thank you. I need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
I will work on getting that booked for you.
What is the reference number?
Booking was successful, your reference number is: QJTIXK8C . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Fantastic. That is all I have to request.
i hope you enjoy staying around here
I'm sure I will. Thanks again.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Where's the train that leaves around [14:45]? It should also be going to cambridge as well.
I need more info on the departure site, date and time, please
I want to leave from Stevenage on Thursday.
The TR1596 leaves stevenage at [15:54].
How long is the travel time?
The travel time is 49 minutes for that route. Is there anything else I can help with today?
i'm also looking for stuff to do while i'm there.
I can help with that. Is there a certain type or location you are looking for these attractions?
I am looking for something in the west and in the theatre.
I have no theatre in the west can I look in another area?
Ok, what about an entertainment venue instead?
I found an entertainment venue called "[Whale of at Time]" in the west. Does this interest you?
That's great, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and if there's an entrance fee?
the post code is cb238el and the phone number is 01954781018. i do not have the entrance fee information. can i help you with anything else?
No that's it for today! Bye bye
Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy Whale of a Time - I heard its a great show!


Please give me directions to the Parkside Police Station.
Here is the Address: Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. Anything else?
Can I get the address and phone number too?
The phone number is 01223358966 and the postcode is CB11JG
Okay, great. that's all I needed
You are more than welcome!


I'm looking for a restaurant called The [Nirala]. Can you tell me where it is?
It's located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you please book a table for 2 at [14:45] on Wednesday
You're all set! Your reference number is QMY8NA1T . Do you need anything else?
I need a train from Cambridge as well.
Sure! What is your destination?
I am going to london kings cross on saturday
I have a train that leaves at 5:00 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train needs to arrive by [16:45]
Okay there are 6 trains that match. Shall I complete a booking?
Yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 2 people please
Would you like me to book the 15:51 train?
What time does the 15:51 train arrive?
It leaves at 15:00 and gets there at 15:51, sorry for any confusion.
Yes please book that train for me.
I have booked tickets for 2 people, and your reference number is UBY652ER . Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, that's all for now.
thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!


I was just in a car accident and need help figuring out what to do next.
Sorry to hear that. If you need to reach the police in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG, their number is 01223358966? Let me know if there is anything else I can do.
I am calling the police and if I need anything else will contact you later. Goodbye.
Ok, please reply if you need any further assistance.


I am looking to book a train ticket. It needs to arrive by [11:00] and it has to leave on Saturday
I can help you find the right train. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I want to go to london kings cross and would depart from cambridge.
TR2138 arrives in london kings cross by 9:51 on Saturday, departing Cambridge at 9:00. Does this sound like what you're looking for?
Yes! Can you book it for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is MTL1SC10 . Thank you and have a nice day!
Actually I also need a place to stay in the east section, I need to have free parking wherever it is.
We have 5 guesthouses and 1 hotel, that offers free parking on the Eastside. do you have a price range you're looking for?
I am open to price, I would like it to have a 3-star rating and free wifi included.
I do not see an available hotel with 3 stars and wifi at this time. There is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi, would that do?
Well, can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like I'm looking for in the Centre instead?
The [Gonville Hotel] is located in the Centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to try to book?
Yes. Book it for two people for five nights, starting Monday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book that for you, would you like to try another day?
Ok, can you try 2 nights?
There was availability for 2 nights so I have booked your request. The reference number is 61745O20 .
Thank you. Have a nice rest of the day.
Thank you for using our system!


What can you tell me about [Magdalene College]?
Magdalene College is located in the west area of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
I do, actually. I'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. Do you know of any [Swiss] restaurants in that area?
Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any Swiss options in the east. Could I help you with anything else?
Hmm, I was really looking forward to Swiss food. Ok, how about an [indian] restaurant in the east instead?
That we can do. We have two moderately priced and two expensive Indian restaurants in the east.
what are the two expensive indian restaurants?
Sitar Tandoori and Pipasha Restaurant are the expensive options.
Could you please book a table at [Sitar Tandoori] for 4 people on Sunday?
Of course! What time would you prefer?
I would like the booking to be for [13:00] .
I am sorry I was unable to book that. Is there another day or time that works for you?
That's okay, maybe [12:00] will work? Try that please?
I booked you for 4 at [12.00] on Sunday. Your reference number is YJCTZH5F . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant by the reservation time.
Ok I have a blue toyota picking you up the contact number is 07029466414
Thank you for all your help. I have all the information I need. Goodbye
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves [spanish] food. What is the phone number and address?
La Raza serves cheap spanish food, located in the centre area at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent with phone number 01223 464550
Thanks, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye
Thank you.


I'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum.
You might want to try alexander bed and breakfast.
I would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 3 stars.
I can't find anything that fits my criteria
Is there ones that are on the more expensive price range?
At the moderate price range, how about the [Bridge Guest House]?
That'll be fine. I would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
I'm sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a shorter stay?
Sure, can you book it for 1 night?
I was able to get the Bridge Guest House for 2 people for Tuesday night. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need the reference number for that booking.
The Reference number is : 3YXIHQLI . Can I assist you any further?
No thats all, thank you very much!
Thanks for using our services.


I want to dine at a [Chinese] food place in the centre area.
What is your price range for this restaurant?
I do not have a price preference.
How about the [rice house] it is cheap and located at 88 Mill Road city centre?
That sounds perfect. I would like to book a table for sunday.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number


Can you let me know if a place called the [Gonville hotel] is still around?
Yes and it is as popular as ever. It is 3 stars and quite expensive. Would you like me to book a room for you?
What area of town is it in?
It's in town centre.
Ok, thanks. Also, are there any [Indian] restaurants in the centre?
There are several with various price ranges.
Whatever you recommend. Give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. I want to go on Saturday at [15:30].
[saffron brasserie] has your reservation. It will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is, PRYP175N . Can I get you the address or phone number?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service!


i want to book a hotel of moderate price in the south.
There are no hotels in the range, but two guesthouses in the south moderately priced. Would they be something you would consider or do you want another search?
I need one in the south, moderate price, free wifi.
There are two guesthouses in the moderate price range in the south side of town with free Wifi. One 3 and one 4 star. Can i book one for you?
Oh. One more thing. Is there free parking?
Both options have free parking available.
Okay, could you book one for me?
I would love to but our system is down right now.
Can you please give it one more try.
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know the day you'll be checking in, the number in your party, and for how many nights?
I don't need to book, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a nightclub.
There is quite a few, how about [s[oul tree nightclub]], it's a real hot spot!
Sounds great, I need their postal can I also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at [01:15]
cb23qf is the postcode.
I also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 01:15.
A black bmw is booked. The contact number is 07078788230
Okay, great. Thanks for all your help today. I appreciate it. Goodbye.
It is a pleasure to have assisted you! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [graffiti].
Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book for 7 people on tuesday for [15:30] please.
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Shall I try for another day or time?
That's too bad. Please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive.
Okay, I've booked you at [Travellers Rest], which also serves british food. Your reference number is FOEJZBZI . Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks.
Have a good day
Thank you, you, too.
Thank you and enjoy your meal.


Hi, I would like some suggestions for entertainment venues to visit in the south part of town.
There are many in the south can I ask what type you are looking for?
There is no specific type of venue. But I would like the phone number, address, and postcode.
Okay. There is a Nusha and Tenpin venue. Which do you prefer?
I think I would like to try [Nusha].
Great choice. It's located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and their phone number is 01223902158. Would you like help with anything else today?
Yes, how about a place to eat? [Indonesian] food would be perfect and in the same area as Nusha please.
Unfortunately I can't find any Indonesian restaurants in the area. What about another type of food?
[Chinese] food would work.
The [peking restaurant] is a nice place. Do you need reservations?
Yes please. I need it to be for 8 people at [12:30] on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TJBM7LPH .is there anything else
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Okay, have a great day!


I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?
We have many hotels that fit your needs, is there a specific area you're looking at?
something that has free wifi
[Acorn guest house] fits your needs. Would you like me to book your stay?
Do they have free parking? What area is it located?
It's in the north area and they do have parking.
Excellent. I also need a train to ely.
Are you sure you don't need me to book your hotel for you?
Can you help with transit information? I need to go to ely by train on Sunday and need to arrive by [09:00] departing cambridge.
We have TR2475 that leaves cambridge at 07:50 and arrives ely by 08:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?
That has been booked. Reference number is : FSUGM4NQ .
Thanks, that's all i need!
No problem. Good bye!


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
What food type are you looking for?
Any type of restaurant will be fine.
Da vinci pizzeria is located in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.


Place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.
There are many places to stay that offer free parking. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a gueshouse.
The [acorn guest house] would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
Can I please have their address and phone number?
Yes, they are at 154 chesterton road and can be reached by phone at 01223353888. Would you like me to book you?
Great can you tell me the star rating of the hotel as well?
Acorn Guesthouse has a star rating of 4. Would you prefer other options or would you like for me to book you?
No, but can you help me find a restaurant? I think it's called [Meghna].
Yes, that is a moderate priced indian restaruant in the west.
That's it! Can you give me the phone number and area, please?
Meghina's phone number is 01223727410. They are located in the west.
Ahhh.. great, thanks! That's all I needed!
I'm glad I was able to help you today! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!


i want to do things around town.
Sure, what did you have in mind?
I would like to find a college to visit.
Are you planning on visiting a particular part of town?
No, know of an interesting one?
We're a very academic city and have 18 colleges in our community. There is [St. J[ohn's College]] in the city center. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. Can I get their phone number and the entrance fee?
Let me go ahead and look that up for you.
Okay, thanks.
Their phone number is 01223338600 and the entrance fee is 2.50
Thanks so much. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?
absolutely. would you like a hotel or guesthouse? and in what area would you like?
I want a hotel with free wifi. I don't care about free parking or a specific area.
Will you need parking?
No, I won't have a car, so parking isn't important.
I have 9 hotels available. Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
I would prefer a 4 star hotel please.
Okay. How about the [university arms hotel]? It meets your criteria and is also located in the city centre so you won't have to travel far to the attraction
Yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Your reservation for 4 at the [University Arms Hotel] this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : HUVQF1WY . Anything else I can help you with
I'm going to need a taxi from the college back to the hotel as well.
Ok. I will need to know either the time you want to leave the college or the time you want to arrive back at the hotel.
I want to leave the college by [24:00], and can I get the contact number and car type please so I don't get in the wrong car?
Your taxi is booked. Be on the look-out for a blue Tesla. The contact numbers is 07533928216.
Since you booked the taxi yourself, is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, it seems our roles have been mixed up. I think everything has been satisfied. Thanks for all the help and customer service :)


I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves [indonesian] food
I don't see any Indonesian restaurants at all. Would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant in the east?
How about a [Chinese] restaurant in the north?
There are three Chinese restaurants in the north. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I'm sorry I meant a Chinese restaurant in the east. Any price range is OK.
How about [Yu Garden]. It is in the east part of town and serves Chinese food.
Okay, may I have the address, phone number and post code please?
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A and the phone number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.
Good bye


Are there any places in the north that have free parking?
There are five places that have parking. What price range do you want?
Any price range is fine. But if you can see if there is one that has 4 stars?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately-priced 4-star hotel in the north area and has parking. Does this sound acceptable to you?
Does The [Acorn Guest House] have internet? I don't need free wifi.
Yes, it does have free internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, I would like to book. Can you get me a room there for Sunday? I will need a room for 8 for 5 nights.
I have successfully booked your room. The reference number is UUF3948J . Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
You're quite welcome, thank you and goodbye!


What kind of attractions are available in the centre?
There is the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street. It is free to get in.
Are there any places that have multiple sports?
Sorry there are no listings for multiple sports,can I check in another area?
How about any that are about architecture?
There are several. I like Old Schools on Trinity Lane. Great place to see.
Could I get the address please?
The address of Old Schools is Trinity Lane in the centre. Would you like more info?
Yes, may I have the phone number and postcode? Also, is there an entrance fee?
The phone number is 01223332320 and the entrance fee is free. The post code is cb21tt.
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.


I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side.
Unfortunately, there are no hotels meeting your needs. However, there are three moderate price guesthouses in the east. Are you interested in more information?
Sure. Do any of those have free parking?
Yes, Carolina B&B and Warkworth House both have free parking.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the [Warkworth House] please?
Absolutely. It is in Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee.
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after [0800]. Can you help?
The TR3005 train leaves Broxbourne on Friday at 8:32 and will arrived at Cambridge at 9:32. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please! That would be great. Thank you!
How many tickets do you need?
I only need one ticket.
I have booked a ticket for one and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DFSN06MO .
I also need a cheap place to stay with free parking.
There are several in that price range. Did you have a particular area in mind?
I do not. Can you make a suggestion?
Yes, I would suggest allenbell
It should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. Do you think [Allenbell] would work?
Yes, allenbell meets all that criteria. Would you like me to book?
No, but could I get their address?
Yes, they are at 517a coldham lane, postal is cb13js, can I assist with anything else today?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you. You as well!


I'm looking for a place to go in the east.
Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see?
I actually haven't been to Cambridge before. Can you tell me a few types that might be in that area?
sure thing! We have museums, entertainment and a boat. Anything there catch your fancy?
You pick something in the east for me. I'll need the address, postcode and entrance fee. I'm also wanting information on [Anatolia]. Thank you!
Lets start with the attraction information first. [Cherry Hinton Water Play] is a free park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road and the postcode is cb18dw.
Great, thank you.
You're very welcome. Now, the Anatolia is a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the city centre.
Okay, let's book a table at the Anatolia for Monday at [17:30]. I'll need it booked for 3 people.
All done, your reference number is M5W4NO7F . They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Come to think of it, I think I may need a taxi to get me between the two. Can it get me from Cherry Hinton to [Anatolia] by [17:30]?
Yes, not a problem. I have a blue lexus booked for you. The contact number is 07234258903.
Thank you so much that is everything, I will be putting you on my Christmas Card list, you are awesome!
It is always my pleasure. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.
It was a pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by [16:30], can you help me with this please?
Where would you like to go and on what day?
I need the train to leave on Monday before 16:30 for Ely.
There are 10 trains leaving before 16:30. What is the earliest you'd like to leave?
The latest I can leave to arrive by 16:30 please.
The last train that will arrive by 16:30 is train TR7177. It departs at 15:50 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, but how much is the ticket going to be and how long is the travel time?
The travel time is 17 minutes and the price of the ticket would be 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, and once I am in Ely I need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 1 star rating, and has wifi.
There are 11 possible selections in those parameters, do you have a preferred price range? Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
Any price range and area is fine. But, is it possible to look for a 3 star hotel or guesthouse instead.
[Hamilton lodge] is a guesthouse in the north with a 3 star rating and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for you?
If they have free parking, yes.
Ok. I'll need the day, length of stay, and number of people.
First, do they have free parking?
I apologize. Yes, Hamilton Lodge provides guests with both free wifi and free parking. I can set you up with a room if you like.
Not at this time. thank you so much for the information. That's all I need today.
Have a nice day!


Is there a cinema in the North?
There are no cinemas to the North.
Is there a museum to the North?
There are no museums in the north but there is a park, would you like information about it?
No thank you but I do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the moderate price range
There are several guesthouses available, Acorn guesthouse is highly recommended. Shall I book a room for you?
Actually, I was looking for a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
I'm sorry, there are no hotels that match your preferences.
How about a cheap one then I am not picky
The only thing I have that meets your criteria is a guesthouse called the Worth House. It is 4 star rated, in the north and cheap.
I really want a hotel. Are there any cheap ones in town?
How about The [Cambridge Belfry], in the West part of town?
That will be fine.
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I need a reservation.
Thank you, I need to know the number of days, people and when you want to check in.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
I have found 19 possible choices. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, it just needs to be cheap.
how about [leverton house]? it looks lovely.
Sounds good. Can I get it for 7 people and 4 nights from thursday please?
book another day or a shorter stay please
Ok, try for 2 nights.
Wonderful. Your booking was succesful. The reference number is 3HW0O0HD .
Thank you so much for all of your help!
You're welcome. May I help with something else, like a restaurant or attraction?
No that was all I needed. Thanks again.
You're most welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking to book a train. I need to leave Cambridge and go to London Liverpool Street.
No problem, I have many options for you. Do you have a particular day of the week you would like to travel, or time?
yes. i should leave after [13:45] and should leave on thursday
I have a train leaving Thursday at 13:59, would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me when the train arrives in London Liverpool Street?
That train arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes pliz.may i also get the arrival time
The arrival time is by 15:27, do you want to book a seat?
Not yet. I just needed to get the details. Thanks for helping me. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?


I need to take a train from cambridge to London Kings Cross
I can help you with that! What day would like to travel and what time would you like to depart?
Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, anytime after [15:45].
Train TR0945 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
What is the travel time on that train?
The travel time is 51 minutes.
What is the arrival time?
The arrival time is 17:51.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the best museum in the center of town?
the whipple museum of the history of science is an interesting one!
What is the entry free to the [Whipple Museum]?
The entrance fee is free.
Perfect. Can you get me a phone number for them?
Sure! it is 01223330906.
Thanks so much for your help today!
Not a problem! Have a nice day!


I want a train that is leaving from cambridge.
Sure, I can definitely help you with that. When were you wanting to depart?
I'm not sure. How long is the train ride? I would like to arrive by [13:45].
TR5154 TAKES 88 minutes and leaves 05: 59. is that fine with you?
Is there another train on Monday that would get me to Kings Lynn closer to 13:45?
The TR7430 arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58. It is 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
All I needed was the info on travel times, can you also help me find an attraction called [Clare Hall]?
Clare Hall is a college located in western Cambridge. It's located on herschel road. Do you need anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
Happy to be of help. Goodbye.


I would like to find some info on the [warkworth house] hotel.
Warkworth house is a guesthouse hotel located in the east. It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. The Warkworth house provides internet and parking.
I am looking to book at the warkworth hotel.
What day will you be coming in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
You are all set, the reference number is S42UNZJV, can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the address of the Warkworth house?
Yes, the address is Warkworth Terrace cb11ee. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I would like some information about the [Museum of Classical Archaeology].
What information are you looking for?
Just the postcode and entrance fee please.
They offer free admission to the museum. The postcode is cb39da. Anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you.
My pleasure. Enjoy your stay!


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
What area would you like that in?
In the east side of town.
We have 7 options that meet your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind or would you like a recommendation?
Not really, but can you give me the address for your favorite place?
I prefer the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. It's a 4 star guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like for me to book a room for you?
Could you just give me the address for now?
The address is 138 perne road
I would also like to get some expensive [fusion] food.
There is nothing that meets that criteria, shall I run another search?
How about a [British] restaurant instead?
There are 6 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area? If not, then I recommend graffiti.
Is [Graffiti] in the same area as my hotel? I'd like to keep it to that area if possible.
Graffiti is in the west area. Would you like me to see what is available in the east area?
yes, I would prefer it to be in the west area.
Graffiti serves British food in the west area, are you ready to make a reservation?
Possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for Graffiti?
Sure they are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntington Road, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was confused. I need a british restaurant in the east side. Sounds like Graffiti won't work for me.
How about travellers rest restaurant located in the west side of town?
I need a restaurant in the east area, so that won't work.
Okay. There is one option here for you. It is [grafton hotel restaurant]. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and book it for me. Thank you and good bye
I need more information, such as when you would like to book it and for how many people?


Can you help me find a nightclub in the centre of town?
I recommend soul tree nightclub.
What is the postcode and address please?
The address and postcode are: 1-6 corn exchange street, cb23qf. Will that be all for you today?
That is all the info I need today. Thanks.
Ok, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south.
I found two moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European food?
[italian] food
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a nice italian restaurant in the moderate price range and it is in the south.
Is there anything else?
[Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton is the only Italian restaurant in the moderately priced category in the south part of town.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode, please?
The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day.


I'd like to find a train that will arrive in Cambridge by [19:30].
I found several trains for you! Where would you be departing from?
Norwich on Tuesday.
TR2175 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:35. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book that train for 8 people and also need the reference number please.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is PLBFMNS9 .
could you tell me some of the places to go in town? college-like
There are 18 of them both free and with fees. Is there a specific area you'd prefer?
No preference. Would you recommend one?
I can, but to narrow it down more...were you looking to pay fees to get in?
Yes. Please let me know the area and the entrance fees. Thanks for your help!
I would recommend [clare college], the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What part of town is it located?
It is located in the west. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, but that is all.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Bye.


I'm looking for a nightclub to visit in the centre area.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub and the fez club. Would you like more information on one?
Can I just get the address for [Ballare], please?
The Ballare is located in Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh, no. That answered all my questions. Thanks. Goodbye!
Awesome. Glad we could help!


I am looking for information in Cambridge and looking for places to go in town. Can you assist?
Definitely. We have many attractions in Cambridge. What type of place are you looking for, or in which area of town?
I would like to visit a college. I'm not sure what area, where are most located? Also, please provide the entrance fee.
Most colleges are located in the centre area, the entrace fee varies, anywhere from free to 2.50 pounds.
Great info. I need help with a train to london kings cross that leaves after [14:00].
What is your departure day and site?
It will be from cambridge on saturday.
There are 5 trains travelling that route at that time. When do you want to arrive?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive
Alright. Trains from cambridge to kings cross leave on the hour every other hour, starting at 15:00 and running to 23:00. Would you like to book a trip?
Yes, can I get the train ID please?
We will get you setup on train ID TR6203, arriving in london kings cross at 15:51.
Great! I will go ahead and book it on my own but thanks so much for the information. That's all for today.
Hey, it's no problem at all! I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge and please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need to!


I need help finding a [chinese] restaurant in the centre of cambridge any suggestions?
There are 10 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like it in the centre.
There's fives places that fit that bill.. do you have a price range in mind?
The closest is fine, can you give me the phone number and postcode of the restaurant? I am also looking for a college to visit in the area.
The closest is [Charlie Chan] on Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223361763. Postcode is cb21db. As for the college, do you have a preference on area?
What is the entrance fee for Regent Street City Centre?
There isn't an entrance fee to enter the street or the restaurant.
Ok I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the [Regent Street City] Centre?
I will need more information to book the taxi for you. What time would you like to depart and what time would you like to arrive by?
I will be leaving the restaurant by [1:30] and the arrival time does not matter.
I was able to book that taxi for you. It is a white Honda and the contact number is 07734608677.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great night. Goodbye.
Have a lovely stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!


I heard [cityroomz] is a good hotel. Can you give me some information on this hotel?
It is located in he centre of town and is priced in the moderate range.
Can you book it for me
Yes I can. What day will you be arriving and departing? And how many people will be staying?
I would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on Monday.
I have you booked for 3 nights starting Monday at CityRoomz. Your reference number is Z629WKMU . Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Sure, I'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. Can you help?
I have that here. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?
How about the [abbey pool and astroturf pitch] located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
That sounds great. What is the entrance fee?
I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get there?
I certainly can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by astroturf pitch by [09:30].
Good news, a taxi is booked, this is a white Volkswagen. The phone number is 07766913165.
Great! Thank you. That's all I need for today. I appreciate your help.
Any time! Enjoy your trip!


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
There are 5 available restaurants. What food would you like?
The restaurant should serve [chinese] food.
There are two options for your preferences: [Hakka] on Milton Road in Chesterton and The Hotpot at 66 Chesterton Road in Chesterton.
Yes thank you, I would like to make reservations at The Hotspot at 66 for 4 people at [13:30] this Tuesday.
I could not get a table at the hotspot. I was able to reserve one for hakka however. Your reference number is PBSTNZCL .
Thank you that is all I need, bye.
Thank you and enjoy your meal. Have a great day.


I need a train to Broxbourne, that arrives by [20:30].
Certainly. Can I assume you're leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, that is correct.
There is a train leaving at 5:01, would you like a seat?
Is that leaving on Sunday?
I have the TR8991 leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet but I also need a restaurant that serve [mediterranean] food and should be in the centre of town.
I have a few restaurants that fit your criteria. The Gardenia, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Which one are you interested in hearing about?
Tell me about [The Gardenia].
It's a cheap restaurant located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Phone number and postcode are 01223356354 and cb23ll. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it for now. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!


Can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve [fusion] food? Thanks.
Unfortunately, there are no restaurants meeting your criteria.
Okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is moderately priced?
I don't see any restaurants matching your criteria. Do you have any other criteria I can search for?
Can you check for [british] food instead?
I have 5 would you like m to recommend one?
Yes, that would be great!
You should try the the [copper kettle] at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people at [19:45] on friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JWEROL3K . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a train on the same day from ely to cambridge.
What time would you like to leave or arrive in cambridge on friday?
I need the train to arrive to arrive by [13:45]. There will be 3 of us. Can I get a reference number?
TR0212 leaves Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52. Will this work for you?
yes and thank you that will be all
Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book the 3 of us tickets?
I have successfully booked your train reservation. The total fee is 13.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is UHK3WFOA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.
Have a nice day.


I am looking for a train leaving Peterborough on Thursday. Can you help me?
many trains leave, what time do want to leave?
I need to depart after [20:00], and will be travelling to Cambridge.
Okay how about the TR8185 that leaves at 20:19 and arrives by 21:09.
Okay, that will do. What is the travel time?
The travel time for that route is 50 minutes. Did you need a ticket?
Yes, I also need places to go in college.
There are many colleges to visit in Cambridge. May I suggest one?
Yes, I would like that.
[pembroke college] is in the centre located at trumpington street with a free entrance fee.
That sounds perfect, may I have the postcode please?
Absolutely! The postcode is cb21rf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks for everything.
You are welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge. Good bye.


Can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? I would also like to request that it be leaving on a tuesday.
I have several leaving on that day. What is your destination?
I need to head to Kings Lynn and leave after [20:15] please.
The TR8387 from Cambridge at 21:11 on Tuesday and arrive at Kings Lynn at 21:58. Do you want me to book you a ride?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
of course! how many tickets?
Actually I'll book on my own. Can you give me some information about a hotel called [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]?
Sure thing what kinda of info are you looking for?
I would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday.
Your booking was successful. your reservation number is B96VFV64 .
thank you very much. that should be all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


Can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? I want it to be moderately priced please.
there are 2. one with 4 star another with 3. which one do you prefer?
Either is fine but I would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.
I have 2 that offer free wifi. One is rated 3 stars, the other is 4. Do you have a preference?
How about the 4 stars one.
That would be the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House]. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves [Indian] food. Can you help me with that?
I have many to choose from. Can you specify the area?
I would like it in the south.
It looks like there aren't any in the south. Would you like to try a different area?
No, how about indian food?
[rajmahal] is in the west and moderately priced, shall I book you?
Yes, please. I would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by [21:00].
Alright, and what is your destination?
First, may I have the address for the [rajmahal] restaurant? Then, I want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.
Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road, Fen Ditton in the east side. I've also booked your taxi, departing by 21:00. You'll be taking a yellow VW, the number is 07875116115.
thank you that will be all
I'm glad I could assist you today. Have a good rest of the day.


I want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town.
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. What type of food would you like?
I don't care. can i also have the postcode and phone number ?
meghna is in the west part of town and serving indian food, the phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is CB43LF. Is there anything I can help you with?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good evening.


I need a tax arriving by [17:00].
Sure! where are you going?
I am going to visit [queens' college]
What is your departure site?
I'm departing from [ask].
I have a black honda for you with contact number 07810177049.
Wonderful. Thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set. Goodbye.
Thank you Goodbye


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
We can narrow down our selection for you if we know the Restaurant chain and the kind of Food you prefer?
I'm open to any kind of food. I'm looking for something in the centre and on the expensive side.
There are a lot of good choices like that. I can recommend The [Cambridge Chop House] if [British] food appeals to you. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds lovely. There will be 2 of us at [16:45] on Tuesday please.
I was able to get a reservation at that time. Your reference number for your reservation is RC16KLU4 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like to find somewhere to go in town.
We have several attractions to choose from, do you have a preference as to the type?
Is there a cinema?
You would love [cineworld cinema]
Thank you, I just need their postal code for now and I can take it from there.
The postcode for cineworld cinema is cb17dy
Okay, thank you so much for your help.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome enjoy.


Would you be so kind as to help me find a place to dine later?
I sure can. What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I'm looking for [Cuban] food.
There are no Cuban restaurants unfortunately.
That's okay. How about [Indian]?
Yes what area are you looking to dine in?
In the Centre as well please.
I have 9 restaurants available. What price range would you prefer?
The range does not matter. Just the Indian place you think best.
I would recommend the The [Golden Curry]. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, let's make it for 1 person at [19:45] on sunday.
Your reservation is successful, they'll hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6CVKLM3F . What else can I help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It doesn't need internet and should be moderately priced.
What area of town would be your preference?
I don't have a preference. What would you recommend?
I'd recommend the [Limehouse], it's in the north and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Is that a guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse. Would you still like me to book it?
Yes, I love guesthouses when I travel alone. Can you book it for three nights please, starting on Sunday.
Yes, of course. How many people are in your party?
Limehouse for 1 person, 3 nights and starting on Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2VEHCBYQ .
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


I am planning a trip for Cambridge
What can I help you find?
I need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge, leaving Broxbourbe after [18:15].
On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on sunday.
TR1428 departs at 18:32 and arrives by 19:32. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please, for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is T7CEWBRP . Will that be all?
Actually, I'm also looking for a museum in the west. Which one is your favorite?
My favorite is Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Best of all, there's no entrance fee! Would you like any additional information?
What is the entrance fee and phone number?
It is free to get in and the phone number is 01223296264. Is there anything else you need?
nope that's it thanks for your help
Im glad I could help goodbye


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east.
I have three guesthouses that match your criteria. May I recommend the [Allenbell]?
Okay what is the address?
Allenbell is at 517A Coldham Lane. Would you like me to help you book a room there?
Yes. Please. Three people, wednesday, two nights.
Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful.
Okay, what other hotels are there in the same price range?
[Autumn house] is in the cheap price range as well if you'd like to try that.
Yes please try that.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LGTAR2R . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for all of your help. That is all I need for today. Bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I would like a train that is going by cambridge.
Where would you be departing from?
Kings lynn on thursday.
There are several trains leaving throughout the day. What is your departure time?
The train should arrive by [15:45] and should go to cambridge,can you book it for me ?
Let me get a bit more information from you. We trains leaving every hour from 05:11 to 14:11, would you like a morning or afternoon departure?
I don't have a preference as long as I arrive at 15:45.
I have train TR2162 arriving at 14:58 can I book you seat/s for that one?
I don't need a ticket right now, but can you give me the departure time and total travel time, please?
It leaves at 14:11 and lasts 47 minutes. Is there anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a restaurant that serves [North American] food. Preferably in the expensive price range.
The [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] serves North American cuisine. Would you like more info on this website? Or would you like me to book it for you?
Book a table for 8 people at [20:30] on thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZMG68R1Q . Can i help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.


Good Morning, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and I'm looking for places to go in town.
Sure, there is much to see in Cambridge. Do you have any preferences?
We will be staying in the east part of town, somewhere near there would be fine.
There's 10 attractions in the east. Are you interested in a museum?
A museum is fine. Could I get the postcode and address please.
Cambridge artworks is found at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a [gastropub] in the same area that I'd like to book for 1 on Saturday at [17:45].
[Royal Standard] is a fantastic gastropub in the east. I booked the reservation for you on Saturday at 17:45. The reference number is 8JAQFYI2 . Is there anything else you need?
I believe that's all.
I'm so glad I could help. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.


I am looking for a train from kings lynn.
I have 133 trains that match that criteria, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to travel on Thursday.
OK, and at what time?
I'd like to go after [10:00].
I have train TR6298 leaving Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. It costs 9.80 pounds and runs for 47 mins. Can I interest you in that one?
Please book that for 8 people. Please give me the reference number.
Reference number is : Z898A328. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you so much for your help. No, that is all.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a police station. It has something to do with parkside, although I don't know if that's a name or a location.
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you, that's all I need.
You are most welcome! have a great day!


Hey! Trying to locate a train that goes to broxbourne and would leave right after [17:45].
I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please.
The TR5484 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 19:01. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need 2 tickets.
You're all set. The fee will be 35.79 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is HZ0I8VML . Do you need anything else?
Yes I also need information on [downing college].
Noone in the center appears to b open. You would be more than pleased with Jesus College which is and is beautiful.
I'm really interested in Downing College. Can you tell me the area, address, and fee for that one?
Downing College is located in the centre, located on Regent Street. The postcode is cb21dq. The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks. Good bye.
Thanks for using our services today. Glad I was able to help have a nice day.


I need to book a taxi to leave after [07:45] to take me to [Bangkok City].
Where will your departure site be?
I'm leaving from [primavera].
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow bmw Contact number : 07711369546


I want a place to stay. Is there an expensive hotel? It doesn't need to include internet.
I have 5 expensive hotels, what part of town would you like to stay in?
If you have anything in the south that would be perfect.
I have the Lensfield Hotel in the south. It is rated 3 stars and offers both free parking and internet. May I book you a room?
not now but will come back laiter
No problem. Can I help you with anything else at this time?
That is all I need, thank you.
It was my pleasure to help you today. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.


I would like to book a meal at a [chinese] restaurant.
I have results for 17 chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would like it be located in the Centre area. I like expensive chinese food.
I have 4 different restaurants. If you would like a recommendation, The [Ugly Duckling] is often known as the best in town.
Yes you can you book it for 6 people at [12:45] on Friday?
Excellent. Do you want the reference number?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a train.
Where will you be going to and from?
I am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so I arrive by [15:00].
Okay. Can you also tell me what day you want to travel?
Yes, I would like to travel on Saturday.
I have train TR4334 that departs at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Do you think that would work for you?
That will work. Can I get the price and the travel time please?
The travel time will be 60 minutes and the price will be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information! I don't need anything else.
Great. enjoy your journey.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [Turkish] food.
There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, what is your price range?
I'm not picky about the price. Could you recommend one and give me the price range?
Sure. I recommend Efes Restaurant. It's menu is moderately priced and easy on the wallet.
I also need a guesthouse with 4 stars.
Which side of town would you prefer?
In the same area as the restaurant, centre. In prefer a cheap price range.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] meets your needs and has breakfast! Need a reservation?
Can I have the number to the hotel?
Their phone number is 01223525725.
Can you tell me their address and let me know whether or not they have internet there?
Sure, the address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 56 Saint Barnabas Road, cb12de. They offer free Wifi and free parking. Can I help with anything else?
That sounds great thank you.
May I assist you with something else, today?
No,that's all.Thanks and have a good day
You are very welcome. And you have a great day as well. Goodbye


Hi! I would like to book a taxi that will take me to [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton. I will be departing from [Parkside Pools].
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after [02:00]
I can book a Black Ford for you. The contact number of the company is 07708238835. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you very much.
We are happy to help. Do you require any further assistance?
nope that is all thank you so much you are amazing and awesome and cool and nice
Thank you for the kind words. You have a great day.


I am coming to Cambridge and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. I just need help finding a restaurant to eat at while there.
We have a lot of great restaurants! What kind of food do you prefer, and what price range would you like for me to check?
I want [Turkish] at a moderate price.
I have found 2. The anatolia or efes restaurant. Would you like a booking made today?
The [Efes] is fine. I need a table for at 17:15. I will also need the reference number.
I am getting the booking started for you now, can you give me the day and number of people please?
Book for 8 people on Friday at [17:15].
I have your made your reservation. Ref# is E7VPA79P . They will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I can be of assistance?
Yes, I'd also like to check out a cool place in the centre area.
There is a lot to do in the centre. Are you looking for a particular type of attraction?
How about multiple sports?
There is nothing in the centre of town for sports. Would you like to try something else?
What about a museum?
The [Broughton House Gallery] meets your criteria, would that work?
That sounds great. Can you tell me a phone number I can reach them at, and also the entrance fee?
The phone number is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
That is everything, thank you so much for your assistance.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Are there any places that serve [Christmas] food? I heard there might be something like that around here.
I am sorry I do not see any place that serves Christmas food. Would you like me to look for a different type of food?
How about some [Chinese] food?
I have a lot of choices for Chinese food. What price range were you looking for? Or area?
No preference, just pick a nice one and provide me with the name and phone number please.
Yu Garden is excellent. Their phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, so their number is 01223244149? Is there any Chinese attractions around the same area as the [Yu Garden]?
There are no Chinese attractions in town. Is there a different type of attraction that you are looking for?
How about a boat attraction?
There is one boat attraction in the east near Yu Garden called Camboats, located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their number is 01223902112. Anything else?
Can you book my a taxi between the two? I want to leave [Camboats] for [Yu Garden] by [8:30].
Your taxi is booked and it will be a yellow tesla. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!
Also, just in case you need it the contact number for the taxi is Contact number 07633485095. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called [The Missing Sock]. Could you tell me where they are located?
It is in the east, postcode cb259aq,Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Anything else?


Hello, I have been robbed. Can you please help me get in touch with the police?
Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Their number is 01223358966. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I please have the postcode as well?
The postcode for the Parkside Police Station is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
Was Parkside the address of the police station? If not, can I have the address please?
Yes, Parkside is the address.
Thank you that will be all for now.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
You were great. Goodbye.
We are happy to help. Have a good day!


I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [vegetarian] food
There are no expensive vegetarian restaurants. Would you prefer a different cuisine or price range?
A restaurant that serves [british] food will be fine.
Graffiti is an expensive restaurant that serves British food, Would you like their address or phone number?
Could you tell me the phone number of [Graffiti]?
The phone number is 01223 277977.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'd like a taxi that leaves from [yippee noodle bar] and leaves after [11:30].
I would be happy to book your taxi but I will need your destination and preferred arrival time as well.
I would like to go to [Ballare] please.
I was able to book that for you. The car will be a red toyota and the contact number is 07404635448.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars.
The [a and b guest house] is a 4-star rated guesthouse in the east with a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes it does have free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people? We will arrive on Friday and stay for 2 nights.
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful. Would you be interested in another hotel?
Can you check for a different hotel in the same pricerange?
I am sorry there are no others in that price range in any area,would you like to change the star rating to check for others?
It does not need to be a guesthouse. Can't you find anything that is east, 4 star with free wifi. That is all I require. Please, its important.
I have the [carolina bed and breakfast] or warkworth house. Would you like me to try one of those?
Yes, one of those will be fine.
Your booking at carolina bed and breakfast was successful. Your reference number is PGLREGJ8 .
Great! Nothing else at the moment, but thank you and goodbye.
Okay glad I could be of help.


Can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the east side of town?
I can. Do you like museums?
Sure do, know of any interesting ones on the east side?
We have the Cambridge Artworks, the Cambridge Museum of Technology, and several galleries.
That should do. I am also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [Chinese] food and should be in the expensive price range
I have many choices. Do you have an area preference?
Yes, I would like it to be in the east.
The Yu Garden has fabulous food. Can I book a table there for you?
I'm sorry, could I get the postcode to Cambridge Artworks?
cb13ef. Anything else?
I also need to get the phone number for the restaurant.
Absolutely. You can reach Yu Garden at 01223248882. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all, thank you!
Okay great. Glad I could be of help.
I'm sorry I have to go now! Bye!
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [creative] food.
There are no results matching your query. Would you like to change your query?
Yes. How about a restaurant that serves [European] food?
[De Luca Cucina and Bar] is moderately priced and serves modern European food.
That sounds good, can I have the address and postcode please.
the address is 83 Regent Street, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.W.


I'm looking for a hotel called [home from home].
Home from Home is located in the North area and is moderately priced. Would you like more information?
No, I'd like a room for 8 people. We'll be checking in on thursday for 4 nights.
I was able to book you for 4 nights starting on Thursday for 8 people. The confirmation number is UOF6DHN8 . Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm looking for [French] food.
I would recommend [Cote]. It is expensive but good. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please make 8 reservations for Friday night at [19:00].
That is booked! Your reference number is HQOSMVL8 . Can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi.
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I need to make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
You will be going to Cote by 19:00, will you be departing from your hotel?
We will be leaving from there.
What day and time do you need the taxi?
i want it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Booking completed! The taxi will be a red honda and their Contact number is 07854504953. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for me today! Thanks! Have a good one.
You too, enjoy your stay!


I am interested in attractions located in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions in the center area could you be more specific as to what you'd like to see?
I would like to see an art museum and know the entrance fee.
the broughton house gallery museum offers free admission.
That's great I'm also looking for a train to go to broxbourne and it should leave after [12:45]
What day do you need the train for?
I need the train for wednesday.
What is your departure site and arrival time?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge; arrival time isn't important. I just need to leave after 12:45.
Okay, how about the TR6167 leaving at 13:01 and arriving by 14:01 with a duration of 60 minutes? The price is 17.90 pounds. Will you be traveling alone or with guests?
I need to book a ticket for 5 people and get a reference number
Your reference number is LUOBDJXL
Thank you so much for your help! That's all I needed!
Have a great day!
You as well, thanks!
Thanks again, goodbye!


I need a taxi to pick me up at [curry king].
OK, and where are you headed and at what time?
I want to go to the [Lime House].
Alright, and now I'll just need to know a time you either would like to arrive by or leave after please
The taxi should arrive by [20:00] and please also let me know what type of car will pick me up and give me the contact number of the driver.
A white BMW will pick you up and the contact number is 07606671583. Can I help with anything else today?
No that was all. Thank you for your help.
I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you have a great day!


i'm looking for places to go in town
Would you like to narrow that down a bit?
Can you suggest a nice place that has a swimmingpool?
We have four lovely pools. Is location important?
No location isn't important. Please recommend one, and let me know the phone number.
I'd recommend parkside pools in the centre. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also am looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating and free parking.
I, as a monopoly person am also a fan of free parking. Two guesthouse meet your needs, one is in the north, the other in the centre, any preferences?
I really prefer a hotel to a guesthouse. How about a hotel with free parking and a four star rating
There are three hotels matching your description. Do you have a preference regarding price range or area of location?
Nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! We'll be arriving on Tuesday and staying 5 nights. There will be 6 of us.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VRCMYSEO .
Great, what was the hotel that you decided on for me?
The Huntington Larriott Hotel , can I help with anything else ?


Hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? I need to travel to London Liverpool Street sometime after [18:45].
Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Saturday
The TR2166 train leaves at 19:59 on Saturday, would that work?
Yes, may I please have the price?
The cost per ticket is 13.28 pounds. Can I assist you in booking a ticket?
Yes please. Also I am looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price range. Can you make a recommendation?
We only have guesthouses that fit your requests, would you like a different hotel?
A guesthouse in the north should be perfect.
How about the [Acorn Guest House] in the north? It's 4 stars and a moderate price. I would be happy to help you with a reservation.
I won't be needing to book the train. Regarding the guest house, does it have free parking?
Yes it does offer free parking and they also offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No, but could you provide me with their postcode and phone number please.
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223353888 and the postcode is cb41da.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
No problem, have a great day.


I need to find a certain restaurant called [the slug and lettuce].
The slug and lettuce is a gastropub in the centre of town. Would you like to book a table?
No. I just needed the area. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a 3-star hotel with free wifi.
I found 5 hotels that are available, do you have a price range or hotel style you'd prefer?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking included please.
I would recommend the Bridge Guest House. It's on the south side of town.
What is the price range? Can I also get the address and postcode?
The bridge guest house is moderately priced and is at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj.
Great! Thats all the information I needed. Have a great day.
thank you for calling.
Thank you, and goodbye.
You are welcome. Take care.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay, what kinda of information are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel on the east side.
There are several. Is there a price range you prefer or any amenities that you require?
I really don't care if it has free parking.
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is a 2 star expensive hotel in the east side. Would that one work?
Yes it would. I'd like to book this Thursday for 2 nights, for 7 people.
I can book that now.
Yes please do that for me and give me the reference number.
Ok. The booking was successful. Your reference number is OBFYQJZU .
I will also need a train. I'm traveling on Thursday to Cambridge. Can you help please?
Certainly. And where will you be departing from?
I want to depart from broxbourne after [16:00]
and for how many people ?
It will be for five people please.
The TR0579 departs at 16:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please and I need a confirmation number.
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like to reserve?
It will actually be for 7 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 125.29 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UN5K7FML .
Thank you that is all the information I need today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


I need a taxi from [london kings cross train station] to the [gonville hotel].
Tell the customer what time the train departs from London kings cross train, and possible arrival time to gonville hotel.
Um what? I need to arrive by [23:00]. Can you help or not?
I'm sorry about that. I have booked you a black audi arriving at the hotel by 23:00. The contact number is 07582132009.
That's okay, thanks so much for your help. Have a good day now, bye!
You are welcome. Bye.


Yes I am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
Okay. There are 18 guesthouses that match your request. Is there a particular area you are interested in?
I am looking for one with free parking and moderate in price
The Archway house matches all of your preferences. Would you like me to create a booking?
Yes, that would be great. I would like my check-in to be on Saturday. I will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 5 people.
The [Archway House] is in the north area of town. Does that work for you?
Yes, and I would also like you to include the reference number for the booking.
i have that booked for you and here is your Reference number is : EZ2LETN6
Great! I'm also looking for a place called [the Fez Club]. What kind of attraction is that?
The Fez Club is a nightclub in Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I get the phone number for The Fez? I'll also need a taxi.
The number to the Fez Club is 01223519224. When will you need the taxi?
I want to leave [Fez] by [17:45]
Sure, I booked a Blue Ford that will pick you up at the Fez Club at 17:45. Contact Number 07305507614. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
My pleasure. Have a good day.


Hi, I need a train out of Cambridge, thanks!
Sure, where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to london liverpool street.
There are 70 trains available. Is there a specific day and time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to leave on friday after [15:30].
TR9956 I believe would be my choice. Thank you.
OK, can you book that for 8 people, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SEJBN5KV .
Great, can't wait! Are you able to help us find a cheap [Chinese] restaurant somewhere near the city centre, also?
Certainly! There are 3: Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Do any of these sound like they'd be to your liking?
Yes, all of them are. Can you get a table for all 8 of us at [Charlie Chan] at [12:15] for the day we travel?
Unfortunately I wasn't able to make that reservation. Is there another date or time you would like me to try?
Could you try [11:15], please?
I was able to get you at table at charlie chan at 11:15 for all 8 guests. Your reference number is YZERKJXH . Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be everything I need!
Have a nice visit


Hi, I am looking for a train that is leaving on friday after [13:15].
Where would you like to leave from and go to?
I want to depart from norwich and go to cambridge.
TR1952 leaves Norwich at 13:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:35. Would that work for you?
Before I commit, what would the price of the ticket be?
It would cost 17.60 pounds.
That would be great. I am also looking for the [scott polar museum] in town, can you tell me a little about it?
The Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area of town, and the entrance fee is free.
Can you tell me the postcode for the museum as well?
Yes, their postcode is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks, I've got everything. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
great, i have 9 options for you.
I really prefer to stay in the west part of town. Do you happen to have anything in that area?
How about [Finches Bed and Breakfast] at 144 Thornton Road?
Great. I need it for 7 for 5 nights.
Before I can book it I need to know what day you will be staying?
I will be starting from Tuesday.
All set. Your reference number is ATMXXNQI .
I also need a train for Tuesday that leaves London Liverpool Street and arrives in Cambridge by [16:15].
I have train TR2715 that leaves at 7:39 and arrives at 9:07.
Do you have a train less early? One that arrives around 16:15?
TR1395 arrives at 15:07.
Thank you for your help.
Would you like us to book a ticket for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!
Would you like me to book anything else or provide anymore info?
No that is all, thank you!
Alright, have a lovely day!
great day and thanks for helping
Thanks! You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.
I have three hotels with moderate price range there is [the ashley hotel] in north, [cityroomz] located in centre, and [lovell lodge] located in north.
Do any of those have a star of 2?
Yes, both [Ashley Hotel] and Lovell Lodge have two stars. They also both offer free internet and parking.
May I have the phone numbers for those hotels?
Sure the number for the Ashley is 01223350059 and Lovell's number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am also looking for somewhere to go that would be in the same area as the hotel.
we have two swimming pools, a boat, and a park. do you have a preference in which type of attraction you'd like?
I think I'll try the park. Where is it?
The address we have listed is simply Milton. Do you need a phone number?
Yes please and a postcode.
The phone is 01223420060 with a post code of cb46az.
Great, I think that'll be all. Thanks a lot for your help!
Thank you, and have a great day!


I need to find a train leaving after [21:30] from Cambridge.
I can look that up for you! What day will you be traveling on and where is your destination point?
I am leaving on Saturday and going to Birmingham New Street.
The first train after 21:30 on Saturday is the TR5413, leaving Cambridge at 22:01. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
That'll work. How much does that cost and how long does it take to get into Birmingham new street?
It takes about 163 minutes and it costs 60.08 pounds. I can help you book a seat on the train whenever you're ready
No, I will just buy my ticket at the station. Thanks. Can you help me find a restaurant?
There are a lot to choose from. Can you give me more information to find the perfect place?
Is there anything in the city Centre that sells [Afghan] food?
I'm sorry but I am not finding any. Would you like me check for a different type of food?
Yeah, how about [modern european]?
There are 4 restaurants to choose from that serve modern european food. What price range would you rather: expensive, moderate or cheap?
Moderate would be fine, but any of them will do, as long as I can get in today, at [17:45].
I have de luca cucina and bar or riverside brasserie. Would you like reservations at one of these?
Sure, let's try [de luca cucina]. I want to reserve a table for 1 person on saturday at 17:45. I will need you to give me a reference number
Your reservation for a table for one at De Luca Cucina and Bar is all set for Saturday at 17:45. Reference# is 1W5J6F3G . Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye!
Your welcome. Keep us in mind if you need assistance in the future.


Hi, I need to get a taxi out of [kohinoor].
And when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after [07:45].
I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I am going to [allenbell]
Your booking is complete, a black toyota will pick you up. The contact number is 07768938666.
Thats perfect that you for your help
You're welcome. Do you have any other concerns?
I don't. I appreciate your help. Goodbye for now.
OK, I'm glad I was able to assist you. If there ever is anything else don't hesitate to contact us.


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the [Pizza Express]
There seems to be two locations. They are both located in the centre of town. One is on Regent Street City Centre, and the other is on Jesus Lane Fen Dutton.
Ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at [18:30] on saturday and I need the reference number too please
Ok, you are all booked at the pizza express on regent street. Reference number is 1ASQ2S6Y .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called the [Autumn House].
Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse in the east area of town with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I need it for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people. Please send the reference number.
I was able to book your room for [Autumn House]. The reference number is 9IUTQ641 . Is that all you need?
No, I'll also be needing a taxi to get between the two places, I'll need it to get to the restaurant by the booked time.
you will be riding in a gray toyota contact # is 07710210724
Groovy like Greg Brady! That is everything, Thank you for your help.
No problem at all, you have a great trip!


I want a train leaving on saturday.
Where are you departing from, and what is your destination?
I am departing from bishops stortford and I would like to go to cambridge.
There are no trains leaving from that location.
Hmm, can you double check? I would be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge for Saturday.
Of course! I have found 10 trains departing from Bishops Stortford towards Cambridge. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after [19:45]
Train TR1382 leaves at 21:29 and arrives by 22:07, would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please provide the price and travel time. I am also looking for a cheap guesthouse in the east with a 4 star rating.
8.08 pounds per ticket and the ride is 38 minutes
Thank you. So what do you have for guesthouses?
We have 24 guesthouse options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price, star or parking and internet availability?
Yes please make sure the guesthouse has internet and please provide me with the address and phone number.
I found the a and b guest house. the address is 124 Tenison Road postcode cb12dp. The phone number is 01223315702. May I book it for you?
No that's all, thanks!
I hope you enjoy your stay!


I'm looking for somewhere to go
There are many options for you. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I don't really care. But it needs to be in the western part of cambridge.
Lynne strover gallery is a museum located in the west, and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone for it?
Just the address in the postcode would be great
The Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to book a train as well.
Okay. Where do you need to depart from and arrive to? And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester by [16:00].
TR4792 leaves at 13:31 and arrives at 15:06. Would you like to book it?
Yeah, that'll work, good ahead and book it for just me, thanks.
Great. I booked you for one ticket on the train. Your reference number is BURBKJXX . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot.
You're very welcome. Have a great day.


Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from the [Golden Wok] to the [Golden Curry] please.
Can you tell me what time you want to leave the Golden Wok and when you want to arrive at the Golden Curry?
I would like the taxi to leave after [09:00]
Thanks, I have booked you taxi, Booked car type, yellow bmw, and Contact number 07358048101. may I help you with anything else?
Perfect! That's all I needed, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a train leaving on tuesday please.
I have a train going to London King's Cross that will leave at 05:00.
Actually I need to go to London Liverpool Street from Cabridge.
Alright, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave anytime after [20:15].
Ok, I have TR9616 that leaves at 21:39. Will that work for you?
Is that on Tuesday? If so that would work. I'll need the train ID and price.
The train ID is TR9616.
I also need the price.
The price is 16.60 pounds. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


Is there an emergency?
I have found the Parkside Police Station, their phone number is 01223358966.
Great, could I also have their address.
It does not list a street address. It just says Parkside, Cambridge.
Okay, thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Bye!


I'd like some information about the [El Shaddai].
It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?
Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.
Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after [11:45].
i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?
It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for a high-end [Cuban] restaurant in Cambridge.
Unfortunately there are no high end cuban restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to choose a different cuisine?
How about one that serves [British] food?
[Fitzbillies] is located in this area.
Is it expensive? I would like their address and postcode please.
Yes, Fitzbillies is expensive. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Their post code is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the centre of the city. What would you recommend?
yes, there are four churches and a school in that area.
Could you suggest one to me? I will also need to know the address and phone number, as well as the entrance fee. Thanks.
all saints church is free admission and is located at jesus lane. The phone number is 01223452587.
Thanks so much! That is all I need help with today!
You're quite welcome! Have a lovely day, goodbye!


