eserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 63OVPORG .I am looking for a train that leaves Cambridge going to Leicester arriving by [16:15]
We have 77 options available. Is there a certain day you want to travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Monday, going to Cambridge from Leicester.
TR6723 leaves on monday from cambridge arriving in leicester at 16:06. Would that work for you?
Could I have the travel time and price for that particular train?
The travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, I also need a [Chinese] restaurant in the centre, please.
I have 10 restaurants in the centre area that have chinese. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.
I would like to recommend [Ugly Duckling]. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes, a table for 1 at [20:30]. But could you check the train again? I need to leave from Liecester, not arrive there.
I have your table for 1 booked at the Ugly Duckling, Monday at 20:30. The reference number is YDG81NJ5 . Just a moment while I check on the train.
Okay. Sorry for the mix-up. Thanks for checking.
Yes I can book that for you if you would like.
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.
Now that your reservation at Ugly Duckling is taken care of, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No you have been a great help, thanks.
It was a pleasure to help you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.
The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there now?
Is it a guesthouse?
No, it's a hotel. Would you prefer a guesthouse?
Yes, I definitely want a guesthouse.
There are 21 different guesthouses in the cambridge area. Did you have a certain area you wished to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as I can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday
There are 21 guest houses that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range or star rating preference?
I would prefer at least three stars, please.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error in my system. Could you please restate your requirements?
I am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday.
[Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse at extremely reasonable rates. Would you like me to see if I can book you there?
Yes, please. Can I get the reference number, please?
Alright, your room has been booked for 8 people, 5 nights starting Friday. Your reference number is CKLFOESQ . Can I help you with anything else?
I would like to book a taxi to commute
Where would you like the taxi to take you, and when would you like to be picked up?
Well I suppose I should choose a restaurant first. Do you know of a [seafood] restaurant on the west side of town?
I'm sorry but there are no seafood restaurants in that part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serve [italian] food and book a table for everybody at [14:45] the day i leave
I'm sorry there are no tables available for 8 at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need the same time. Are there other Italian restaruants on the west side?
Yes there are 2 italian restaurants in the west side, one is prezzo, the other [la margherita]. Do you prefer cheap or moderate price?
Let's go with the moderate price. Can you please make the reservation for 8 people?
Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L09JJ3XT . Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you help me book a taxi from [Rosa's B&B] to the restaurant that will get me there by [14:45] when my table is ready?
Sure, I have booked your car a blue ford Contact number 07599887198. Can I help with anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks.
Great! Have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal!


Can you give me some information on [trinity college] please?
Sure thing! Trinity College is located on Trinity Street in Centre with a postcode of cb21tq. Would you like more information today?
Great! Thanks! Is that just a college or is there any other type of attraction there?
I'm not sure. Would you like me to give you the phone number? They might have more information on that.
Yes, can you please get that for me. Thank you
The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely.
Where will you travel from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and will be traveling Wednesday.
Can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to be there by [11:15].
Okay! How about the 9:50 train? That's the latest one, and it arrives at 10:07.
That sounds good. What's the travel time and price for that one?
only 17 mins and 4.4 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, again. That is all I need. Thanks.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's been a pleasure to help you explore our city today!


I'm looking for a place to eat tonight.
There are some great choices. What type of place are you looking for?
[Greek] sounds good, and price is no issue for me- I want the very best.
Do you want a certain area?
I would like the north please.
I don't have anything in the north. Can I try a different area?
No, I would like to dine in the north, but can you search for [european] food instead?
The [city stop restaurant] is in that area.
That sounds great would you be able to book that for me?
How many people will be dining and about what time would your prefer?
Please book a table for 7 people, for [19:45], this sunday.
All set, the reference number is 9HQQULFL, any further questions?
I am also looking for a particular hotel called [carolina bed and breakfast].
Yes, carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the east. Their address is138 perne road. Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB13NX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to commute between the two locations.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red tesla Contact number : 07567121444
Thanks for the help, goodbye!
You are more than welcome. Please do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything.


I am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the east. What is available?
I do have one. It is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre in the east. It is located on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like any other info for them?
No, that sounds like just what I need. Thanks for your help and have a great day. Bye.
Thank you as well. I hope you enjoy your visit and have a wonderful day.
Thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in moderate price range.
I have three options. Two Indian places and one Italian. Curry or pasta?
I wanted traditional food. If that's not available I'll try [Italian].
Pizza hut fen ditton is a great italian restaurant in the area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry, I said Italian but I really wanted [indian] food.
There are 2 option to choose from: curry prince and rajmahal. Which would you like to try?
I would like curry prince. It sounds interesting.
Sure. Can I make a reservation for you?
No reservation thanks, my plans are still in the works. Could I have the postcode and address though?
Sure! The post code is cb58jj and the phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, that's everything I need for now.
Sounds good. Enjoy your visit, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants. Can you help me choose one?
Sure can, what type of food would you like?
I would love to find a good [british] place in the centre of town.
There are 11 British Resturants in centre. What price point would you like?
I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
Excellent. I have 5 options for you. [Restaurant One Seven] is a moderately priced British restaurant on Regent Street. Would you like the phone number?
Please make a booking for 7 people at [18:15] on Tuesday.
Reservation is booked your Reference number is : GGJCV0HF . May i help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some places to go around the restaurant. Any recommendations?
There are many attractions in the centre, do you have a preference about which kind you would like to visit?
What do you have near the restaurant?
you would love [all saints church]
Alright, please tell me the phone number and address there, as well as the entrance fee
You can reach them by phone at 01223452587. Entrance is free. The address is jesus lane.
Great, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do?
That is everything that I need.
Have a good time, good bye.


I would like to take a train that departs from stansted airport on Thursday.
I can find information on that for you. Just to confirm, are you travelling to Cambridge? And, what time frame do you prefer?
I am going to Cambridge and want to leave after [12:45].
I have train TR3720 leaving at 13:24 is that okay with you?
Yes can you book that for me please?
Yes I've booked it and your reference number is 9NZD8HCW . Is there anything else I can help with?
You booked for 1 ticket, correct? And also, can you help me find a place to visit in the centre of town?
Yes I did. Yes, what sort of place would you like to see?
Anything in the centre is fine with me, whatever place that you recommend.
I would suggest the [old schools].
That is fine. I need the attraction type, entrance fee and address.
How about Clare Hall? It's a college with free admission, and it is located on Herschel Road.
Got it. Thanks a lot. That's all the Help I need today.
Glad I could help, enjoy your trip.


I'm trying to find out where the Parkside Police Station is. Can you help me?
It is on Parkside in Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG. The telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thanks so much for your help!
Great! Have a nice day!


Can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves [Australasian] food?
There are not restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different restaurant?
How about [Indian] food instead?
There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town. What price range are you looking for?
What are the price ranges of the two available restaurants?
One of them is cheap and the other is moderately price.
Tell me the address of the moderately priced one.
The [Nirala] is located at 7 Milton Street Chesterton.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.


I need to find the addenbrookes hospital.
Are you looking for a particular department?
No, that's fine. Just the location with postcode, please.
The postcode is: CB20QQ
Okay great. Thank you.
You're very welcome!


I am looking for a place that serves [African] food. I don't care about the price range.
African huh? Where are you now? Id hate to send you somewhere far away
It doesn't matter. What suggestions do you have?
How about bedouin?
Please provide me with the address and phone number to [Bedouin].
Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 367660.
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your meal!


I am looking for a cheap [caribbean] restaurant to eat at.
I'm sorry, I am unable to find any restaurants that serve Caribbean cuisine.
How about an [Italian] restaurant?
What area of town?
The area doesn't matter to me. It just has to be cheap.
Ok I hear good things about [pizza hut city centre]. Would you like a table?
Yes. Book for 1 person on Tuesday at [16:45].
I have made those reservations your reference number is 5VEPJ46Z .
Thanks I also need a guesthouse that has free internet.
sure! do you want the hotel to be in a particular area?
No, that doesn't matter.
I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Actually, I do need the hotel to be in the north. I'd also like it to be cheap.
Ok, I recommend the [worth house]. It's a guesthouse in the north. it's cheap but has 4 stars. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a room there. Same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UGEJ4902 Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get there please.
Just to confirm. You need a cab to take you to the Worth House? Where will you be departing from?
No, from [worth house] to the restaurant, please.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volvo and the contact number is 07887807220.
Thanks, that is all.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


i want a place to stay
There is a lot of choice. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in a moderate price range. I do need free parking, too.
There are 3 guesthouses with that criteria available, one each in the south, north and west. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need internet.
All three also have free internet. Which area would you be interested in? I can help you book your stay.
Can you tell me the name of the one that is in the west, because I am also looking for something to do in the west.
The name of the guesthouse in the west is hobsons house. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. Can you help me find something to do in the west area?
What type of activities are you interested in? Musems? Parks? Colleges?
I'm not sure.. can you recommend something?
Churchhill College is in the West at Storey's Way and has no entrance fee. Shall I book that one for you?
No thank you. I just wanted to know what things there were to do. Visiting a a college sounds like fun. Thanks for all your help today.
Did you want me to look up another college?
No, I am all set. Thanks for your help. Bye.
you're welcome! bye!


I'm looking for a place to stay. A 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget
I have 2 0-star guesthouses as well as [Cityroomz], a 0-star hotel. Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room there?
Yes, could you book me a room there please?
I certainly can. When do you want to stay?
Actually, can I have the hotel type, phone number, and address instead?
Sure, it's a hotel located on sleeperz hotel, station road. Phone number is 01223304050
Thanks! I've also heard great things about a restaurant called [Anatolia]. What can you tell me about them?
Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
That sounds perfect. Can you book me a table there for 3 at [14:45] on Friday?
I have made your reservation for 3 at 14:45 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is YK1UPI4J . Is there anything you need?
Thank you so much!
You are welcome! Have a good day!


I'm trying to find an [Irish] restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining. I expect this to be expensive, can you give me some options?
I do not have any expensive Irish eateries, could we try something else?
Any [European] restaurants? Cost doesnt matter.
There are 5 restaurants [Eraina] is available in the centre of town.
Can you recommend me one that's expensive? And book the table for 6 people at [14:00] on tuesday. Thanks!
Okay I was able to book you at Eraina at 14:00 on Tuesday for 6 people. your reference number is 2OCXGNUP .
Thank you so much. Have a great day!
Would you like the address for the restaurant?
Nope. Got everything I need.
Have a great day!


Can you let me know if Cambridge has any restaurants that serve [Australian] cuisine and are priced expensively?
No, I'm sorry there aren't any.
Not even in the centre of town?
Sorry, not even in Centre. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like to try?
Sure, let's try [Mediterranean], please?
shiraz restaurant and la mimosa are both in the center and seem to match your needs. Do you need a reservation?
No but what is the address and phone number?
Sure. The address and phone number for La Mimosa is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton/01223362525 and for Shiraz restaurant it is 84 Regent Street City Centre/01223307581.
Thanks. I also need to get a hotel with free wifi.
I have 3 options available with free wifi in the centre of town. What is the price you are looking for? I have expensive to moderate available.
Same price range as the restaurant please.
The [University Arms Hotel] is in the centre and expensive, with WiFi. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it for Friday, 3 nights, and 3 people, please?
Which days would you like to stay?
friday if possible. let me get reference number
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1RIY72MY .
great, that's all i need thanks
You're very welcome. Will you be needing a taxi?
No, my friends have a car.
If you need any further assistance, please contact us.


I need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town? Would you like me to search for a different area or a different type of attraction?
Is there a museum then?
Yes! There are 11 museums located in the centre of town. Would you like the information for any of them?
Yes, thank you. The address for any on that you recommend.
The [primavera] is located at 10 king s parage postcode cb21sj
thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
[acorn guest house] would be nice, can i boot it for you?
does it have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free wifi as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, for seven people. We want to check in on Sunday and stay for two nights.
Unfortunately there is no availability. Would you like to change the length of your stay or choose another guesthouse?
Alright, how about a single night stay? Would that work?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KIZ22NB2 .


Hello! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [modern global] food.
I have not located any restaurants that serve modern global food, would you like me to locate a restaurant that serves a different food type?
Well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try [italian].
i got five. any specific area you prefer?
Centre of town please. I need to book a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thuesday.
Okay, that narrows your choices to three: Pizza Hut City Center, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Any preference?
[Zizzi Cambridge] sounds good, can you book that please?
Sure thing, I will work on this and be back with you shortly.
When you're done working on it please give me a reference number for my records
Unfortunately, I can't book anything without some more information from you. I would need to know the day and time you'd like to dine, as well as the number of people.
I need a table for 7 people at [17:45] on Thursday.
I have booked your reservation. The reference number is UJEGRKNM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to go in the south.
The south is lively with cinema, entertainments, a museum, nightclub, parks and theatre. What appeals to you?
Are there any multiple sports arenas?
Not in the south. I have them in other areas of the city. Would you be interested in another area or another type of attraction in the south?


I'm looking for a train that leaves on friday
I have several trains leaving on that day. Where are leaving from and your destination?
I am traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
Okay, we have 19 trains leaving on friday. Do you have any times you wish to leave and arrive by?
Arrive by [10:45].
I have the TR1612 that leaves friday at 9:11 and will arrive at 9:58. Would you like me to book that?
Yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.
I booked it for you. Your reference number is GWME416R . Is here anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi.
You have 3 choices: one in the south, one in the north, and one in the west. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
What's the name of the one in the south?
The [bridge guest house]. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is its address?
The phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great stay.


I'm looking for some places that serve [crossover] food.
There is "international" cuisine. Can you elaborate on what you mean by Crossover? There are places that serve what we call "Modern European" food.
Are these places in the moderate price range?
I have The Varsity or Bloomsbury restaurants that both serve international food, are located in the city center and are in the moderate price range.
Well I really need something on the west side. What about moderately priced [Indian] food?
There is one Indian restaurant on the west side that is moderately priced. It is the [Meghna]. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. Can you book a table for 2 people at [12:30] on Sunday? I'll need the reference number please.
The restaurant is all booked, reference is QAHKT2ZI .
Can you also help me find an attraction called [Tenpin]?
Tenpin is located on the south side, cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 08715501010. Do you wish to know more?
Yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?
Sure, it's an entertainment venue, did you want their phone number?
Yeah, and I would also like a taxi to get to the [Meghna] from the [Tenpin] by the reservation time, [12:30]. I will need the contact number and car type.
Tenpin's number is 08715501010. I've booked you a taxi in a black ford, contact number is 07634445815. Can I help you with anything else today?
I just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.
I have scheduled the arrival at 12:30. If you would like me to change the time, I can certainly do that.
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you for everything.
OK, great, I'm glad you are satisfied. Have a nice time!


While in Cambridge I need a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves [Spanish] food.
La Tasca would be a good choice for you. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes I would like the address and phone number, thanks for your help!
The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the phone number is 01223464630. Would you like for me to book you a table?
I just want to confirm. This place has free wifi as well as being 3 star, correct?
Were you also trying to book a hotel today? There are 5 hotels in cambridge that are 3 stars and offer free wifi
Actually, I'd like to confirm that La Tasca is a 3-star restaurant.
Thank you. Have a good day!
Wait please you haven't answered my question.
I'm sorry for the confusion, La Tasca is the restaurant and is not assigned a star rating.
OK, can you find me a place to stay? With a 3-star rating, free wifi, and a moderate price range?
There are 3 hotels that fit your request, what area of town were you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Do any of them have free parking?
Yes, all three have free parking. One is in the north, one in the west and one in the south part of town. Which is your preference?
Which one is in the north area and give me the phone number, please.
Hamilton Lodge is located in the north, and the phone number is 0-122-336-5664.
Thank you for the information. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day.
Glad I could help, goodbye.


Hi there. I am looking for some information on places to go in town.
What types of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of college. Make sure you get phone number and postcode.
You should go to [Corpus Christi], the phone number is 01223338000 with a postcode of cb23bu. Can I assist you further today?
Yes, I'd like to find a good restaurant please. I'm in the mood for [Indian] food and money is no object.
There are quite a few Indian restaurants in the centre and since money is no object, I recommend the curry garden. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
I'm not ready to book a table yet. Can I get the address including postcode, please?
Sure. The [Curry Garden] is located at 106 Regent Street at the City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp.
Great I also need a taxi that will help me commute between the two places.
what time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave the attraction by [15:00]
Your taxi reservation on a white Ford is complete. You will be picked up by 15:00 at Corpus Christi and dropped off at Curry Garden. The contact number is 07699910200
Great, thanks very much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, thanks.
Have a nice day.


Please book dinner reservations for five people on Saturday at the [India House] restaurant.
It is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. But, I cannot perform the booking function as yet.
Really? I need at table at [14:00] Wednesday for 4 people.
The booking was successful. The reference number is MNFWDWLV .
What about a booking for Sunday?
I have also reserved for Saturday evening
Can you book Sunday as well like I asked please?
My apologies, I will cancel the Saturday booking, what time on Sunday would you like me to reserve?
same time please.
You're all set! Your reference number is I64XBD1R
Sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for monday now please?
I have table for 4 booked for Monday at 14:00 with the reference number E7SLGC6T
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive 3 star hotel. I'd like it to have free wifi and parking.
The two hotels meeting your needs are the gonville hotel in the centre; and the lensfield hotel in the south. Which one do you prefer?
Either is fine as long as it has free parking and expensive price range. I will need the postcode as well.
Great, which day and how many people should I book for?


I am looking for information on the [Warkworth House].
What information are you seeking?
I need a reservation at the Warkworth house for 4 nights. Just one person, starting on Tuesday.
I am sorry that is unavailable. Can I help you find another guesthouse?
Is there another hotel available that is in the same price range?
I found one called [Carolina bed and breakfast], same price range, starts and both internet and parking. Would you like me to make your reservation there?
Perfect. Could you make the same booking for me?
Booked! Reference number is: L66TSMYA .
Thank you so much for all your help!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I know we will. Thanks so much. Good-Bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by [21:45].
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.
Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.
Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.
We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I want a train departing from Cambridge, going to Ely. Saturday, arrival by 21:45.
The TR7349 train arrives at ely at 20:07. Would you like to book it or more information?
That's a good time. Please book TR7349 for 5 people, please.
All set! Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H8XDA6RZ .
I am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.
That leaves about 8 places to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.
Okay! How about the [Allenbell]? It's cheap, 4-star, and has internet and parking!
Great! May I please have the phone number and postcode?
Postcode is cb13js, phone number is 01223210353, anything else that I can help with?
I got it.Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Can I please get information for a train going from cambridge to broxbourne?
What day will you be traveling?
I want to travel on Friday, please.
What time would you like to leave?
Can you give me the train ID and price of the first train that departs after [19:45]?
Yes, it will cost 17.90 pounds and the ID is TR3342. Anything else?
no, that's it for today
If you need reservations or information in the future, we will be happy to assist you.
Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.
My pleasure. Have a great day.


I'm looking to go to Cambridge and need an [indian] restaurant in the east.
I have several. I have two options that are moderately priced and two that are expensive. Did you have a preference on price range?
Price doesn't matter. What is your favorite?
I like [Curry Prince], its on 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at [12:45] on saturday.
It was all booked, reference number is 44HT5TVB .
Great, thanks! Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on the same day from Bishops Stortford.
There are a few trains that day depending on when you'd like to depart. How's 9:29 and arriving at 10:07?
Does that train head to cambridge?
Yes, it is 38 minutes of travel and costs 8.08 pounds; would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. Book it for Saturday for 5 people as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JFGE7RPD . Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all you done a great job thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and you have a great day.


I would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. What are my choices?
Would you like to eat Italian or Vietnamese cuisine?
I would like [Austrian] actually.
There are no Austrian restaurants in the west. Would you like to try another cuisine?
How about [Vietnamese] food?
For Vietnamese, I have a great place called [Thanh Binh]. It is a cheap restaurant with great food. Would you like help reserving a table?
Yes, that would be great. My party will consist of 7 people and I would like to book for [12:45] on Thursday.
Great. your booking was successful and you table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : 99A7DNB0 .
Thank you. I would also like a train leaving on Friday going to Ely.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave in time enough to get to the restaurant on time
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to arrive by [18:45] on Friday.
TR9933 departs Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07. Do you want me to book this for you?
Yes please, for seven people
Okay, I have booked that for you and the reference number is: UDP5WC1J . Can I help you with anything else?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your assistance today, you've been so helpful!
Thank you! If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.


I am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers [African] food. What is their number?
Where are you located? I see two that might work but Id like to offer the closest.
I do not care about the area of town.
[Bedouin] is an expensive African restaurant in the city centre.
That sounds good, what is their number so that I can ring them?
Their phone number is 01223 367660.
Great! Thank you. Good Bye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I have just been in a car accident dispute and i am looking for help.
You may contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966.
What is the address and postcode?
I do not have their full address information available, the postcode is CB11JG. Please call them to get the address.


I want a train going to cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
Where are you departing from? Do you prefer a specific time?
I am leaving ely and need to arrive by [09:30].
I have train TR8685 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like reservations?
I think I will buy my ticket at the station. So that is only a 17 minute trip?
That's correct, it only takes 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to see a college in the west.
There are 5 different colleges in the west. If I do say so myself, the Magdalene College is really great. They also offer free entrance.
That is perfect. Can I get the address for [Magdalene College], please?
Absolutely! The address is magdalene street and postcode is cb30ag. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all. Thank you!
Well, I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in Cambridge that serves [Tuscan] food.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that matches your request. Would you like me to check a different type of restaurant or price range?
Is there anything Tuscan in the centre of town?
No Tuscan food in town, shall I try another type for you?
How about [mediterranean] food?
May I suggest la mimosa? Wonderful mediterranean, took my mother there for her birthday and it was exquisite!
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number, please?
The postcode is cb58aq, the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, and the phone number is 01223362525.
Thanks for the restaurant, I also need to take train departing from Leicester that will arrive by [15:15].
Just to confirm, was that a train into Cambridge? What day will you be traveling?
I want to leave on wednesday.
Train TR8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54, would you like for me to book it for you?
I am still thinking about it.
Take your time. Just for your information, the total cost would be 37.80 pounds payable at the station. There are also other options available.
I don't think I will book just yet but can you give me the travel time for TR8392 please?
The duration of travel is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now. If I change my mind in booking, I will call you back. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
You as well.
Thank you for using our service good bye


I am looking for a train from norwich on monday.
I found 19 trains that match your request. Where is your destination?
The train should leave after [17:00] and should go to cambridge.
How about TR7514 that leaves at 17:16 on Monday?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 6 people and provide me a reference number?
I've booked 6 tickets, the fee is 105.6 and the reference number is 4REIIUM5 .
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No that is all. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye


I am looking for information in Cambridge, looking for a train
OK, I can set you up. Will you be coming to or from cambridge? I could also use a date and time.
I am headed into Cambridge from Leicester.
Ok, and what day do you want to travel?
arrive by [10:15] and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you
Train TR0440 will get you to Cambridge by 09:54. I will book it for you. Your total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1YRU0L1Z .
I also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.
Ok. There are 33 options to choose from. Are you interested in a particular type of food?
Yes expensive [Korean] food.
[Little Seoul] is an expensive Korean restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, please book a table.
Okay, for how many people and what time?
for 2 peopl at [18:15] on sunday
Okay perfect. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSMICBEN . Anything else?
No. That is all for today. Thank you.
OKay great it was a pleasure working with you today.
I've got to run so I'm not late for work. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Hello! I'm looking for a train that will leave on Tuesday and arrive by [18:45], can you help me?
I can definitely assist you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
I will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.
The TR3225 leaves at 5:01 and gets to Birmingham at 7:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?
Sure, I have booked it for 5 and the reference number is UGPE47OI .
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive [italian] restaurant.
I have 4 options in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like more information on?
I would like more information about the one in the south please.
It is [frankie and bennys], the are in the expensive range. the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and they can be reached at 01223412430
Could I have the reference number,
If you give me your preferred dining time and the number of people in your party, I can go ahead and try to make a reservation.
My preferred dining time is [15:15], for a party of 5.
What day are you wanting the reservation?
Tuesday same day as the booked train.
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book a different time slot?
Yes, could you try and secure a [14:15] reservation perhaps?
Good news. I was able to book a table for 5 at 14:15. Are you ready for the reference number?
I am, thank you.
The reference number for your reservation at Frankie and Benny's is PEFYUPYB . They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.
Thank you very much


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Certainly! What information do you need to know?
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the west, and I'll need WiFi while I am there
I would suggest this one the [cambridge belfry].
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for now.
You're certainly welcome.
I appreciate your time. Goodbye.
Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.


Please book me a taxi to arrive by [12:45] to the [city stop restaurant].
And where are you departing from please.
I'll be departing from [jinling noodle bar]
That's great, thank you, have a nice day.
Ok I need to book this taxi and I need the contact number and car type please.
A grey Audi is booked to come pick you up.
contact number please !
Certainly, the contact number is 07809487521. Is there anything else?
That should cover it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
OK. I apologize for not getting the contact number for you the first time you asked. I hope you have a great day.


I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.
Would you like to try cityroomz? I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?
Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.
I'm so sorry. There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, [Cityroomz] will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W . Anything else you need?
Yes I am looking for a Train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Birmingham New Street.
Ok. When were you looking to leave?
I will be leaving on Wednesday after [14:30].
There are 9 trains listed. Would you like tickets for one of them?
Yes. Please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XMBOA4E1 . Can I help with anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!


Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?
Actually, I think that it's me who should be looking entertainment up for YOU! There are 5 entertainment venues around the city. What part of town would you like to visit?
I'd like a type of entertainment in the south, please.
I have two options for you. Both are in the south part of town. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Do you have a preference?
Give me the address and postcode for [Tenpin] please.
cambridge leisure park, clifton way is the address. cb17dy is the postcode
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.
What day do you need it for? When do you want to depart by?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday sometime after [09:00].
TR0635 leaves at 09:29. Would you like for me to book a seat?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets please.
I have booked your tickets to Cambridge for 8 people on tuesday at 11:29. Reference number: SEDKQ1LD, fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else?
That'll do it. Thank you very much!
Enjoy your trip!
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.


I need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.
What is the name of the hotel you'd like to book?
i don't have a name in mind but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi.
There are many great guesthouses with free internet, do you have a have a price range or area you want to stay in?
I'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 3 star rating.
There are 3 in the moderate price range. Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Can you book [Hamilton Lodge] for me please?
sure! how many people in your party?
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting Sunday
You are all set, the reference number is H96PW3HV, can I help with anything else?
i'm also looking for places to go in town
There are 79 places to go what area would you like?
I would like the info to the [funk fun house] please?
The Funky Fun House is an entertainment venue in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrical Estate. Their phone number is 01223304705.
do they charge entrance fee?
I'm sorry but the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
You already gave me the phone number thanks, I'm supposed to get the entrance fee though, my boss insists on it.
The entrance fee is not listed in our database. Perhaps it varies depending on what night of the week you go. You are welcome to call them and ask.
I am looking for a college type of attraction. Is there any?
There are 5 colleges available in the Centre and the West. Do you have any preferences on the college?
I am looking for something in the West.
Visitors find [queens' college] fascinating. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds. The address is silver street, postcode cb39et.
Thanks. May I also have the phone number, please.
Sure the number is 01223335511. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to the hotel, please.
Sure I can if you tell me where you'll be leaving from and either what time you want to leave or arrive by
I woule like to leave the hotel at [7:00].
I'm sorry are you going to the hotel or leaving from the hotel?
I will be leaving the hotel, please.
Can you book a cab for me and get a reference number ?


I"m looking for a hotel in the east.
There is an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, shall I book it for you?
What is the price range and is there internet?
The price range is expensive, and there is internet.
I need it to have four stars and free parking.
Unfortunately i found no matches. Would like me to look elsewhere with your same request?
Is there a guesthouse that would be available with that criteria?
Yes, there are a few four star guesthouses in the cheap and moderate price ranges with free parking and internet in the east. Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't have a price preference. Which guesthouse do you recommend?
I highly recommend [warkworth house] in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes book it with reference number
What night will you be arriving?
The day that I arrive is flexible.
I can book you in if you have an idea of when your stay will begin.
I will arrive on Wednesday.
I can book the warkworth arriving on Wednesday. How many nights will be be there?
We will be there for 4 nights.
How many people will be staying?
4 of us will be staying. Please give me the reference number for this booking.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IM2BXWKV .
Can you tell me about nightclubs in the centre area?
There are 44 different places in the centre. What kind are you interested in? Architecture, boat, cinema, college, concert hall, museum, night club, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
As I mentioned before, can you tell me about a good nightclub?
My favorite is [Ballare]. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please
The phone number is 01223364222. Postcode, cb23na. Address is cb23na heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Now I'll need a taxi to pick me up at [15:00] from [Ballare] and take me to the hotel
Okay, I have booked the car. The driver will be in a white Honda.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please?
The contact number for the taxi is 07885085016. Do you need anything else or is this all for now?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Have a wonderful trip. Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.


I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.
There are 13 colleges in the center, but I would recommend [christ's college]. It's at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu, phone number 01223334900, and the entrance fee is free!
Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the centre of town?
I have two, in the cheap range. Are there any other criteria you would like me to narrow it by?
Yeah, I'd like someplace with free wifi, please.
I have found 2 guesthouses that are in the cheap range. One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you like for me to reserve one for you?
I need the postcode too.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a postcode of cb12de. [El Shaddai guesthouse] has a postcode of cb11eg. Anything else I can provide?
I also need to take a taxi between the college and the guesthouse. Can you help me with that?
When do you wan to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave christ's college by [6:30].
Alright, I've got you booked in a blue Volkswagen.
Can you tell me the contact number for the taxi please?
The number is 07841875956, is that all you need?
Yes it is, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I would like to leave cambridge on sunday. Can you check on trains for me?
Sure, I can check on that for you. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to bishops stortford.
And at what time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by [18:15].
There are 7 trains leaving Cambridge that can have you there by 18:15. They leave Bishops stortford starting at 05:29 and leave every 2 hours after that.
I'd like the earliest and need the train ID and travel time please. I'm also looking for an expensive [Indian] restaurant, what options are there?
TR6572 is the earliest train leaving at 05:29. I found many indian restaurants. Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Not a specific area, just enough for the restaurant to hold 7 people.
[Curry Garden] is very nice. They're an expensive Indian restaurant in the city centre. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at [13:00]?
Your table at Curry Garden has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes past the reservation time. The reference number is 6X4B5F77 . Need anything else today?
That's all. Thanks!
You are so welcome. Have a great day and enjoy Cambridge!


I'm looking for a train, actually. I need to go to Broxbourne on tuesday after [10:15].
There are 13 options available. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No, not particularly. Sooner the better, I suppose.
Train TR2130 leaves at 11:01, with the rest following in one hour increments.
Ok. What is the travel time? When does the train arrive?
It arrives at 12:01. Shall I book it for you?
How long is the train ride?
Train TR2130 goes from cambridge to broxbourne, the travel time is 60 minutes. Can I book that train for you?
Sure, why not? Thank you.
I've reserved your ticket. The total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is NZE7UPOS .
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
Happy I was able to accommodate you.


I need to find a really cheap hotel can you help me find one?
There are 10 really cheap hotels I've found. Is there a certain area you're looking for?
I need to find a hotel in the west that has free wifi and located in the west please.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is a hotel that should meet your needs. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, can you book that for friday for 3 nights?
I'd love to - how many people in your party?
There will be 5 of us.
I booked you a room with reference number 39RB6I37 . Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I am also looking for a cheap, [italian] restaurant near the hotel.
I have two near the hotel, the [la margherita] is very cheap. Would you like me to reserve it?
Can I please get the address for it?
Yes, of course. The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, but I do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by [19:00].
Ok, I have reserved a taxi for you leaving the restaurant at 19:00. It will be a red Volvo, and the contact number is 07540782675. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I was told about a great place to eat called the [copper kettle].
They are located in the centre of town. Would you like a reservation?
What kind of food do they serve?
They serve British food.
Yes, I would like a reservation for 4, please. I would also like a place to stay.
Alright, but first, for that reservation, what time and day would you like?
Oh, sorry. [17:15] on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BZIAV28X . Tell me about your hotel requirements.
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of a hotel.
I am sorry but I am not finding anything that matches your request. How about a different ratinge or area?
how about a star of 3, then?
OK, I have one hotel located in the south, the [lensfield hotel], and it is a 3 star. It's expensive, is that ok?
No I need something cheap really do
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different location?
no. then find me a taxi
Where and when do you want to be picked up?
I need to be picked up at [17:00] from [Ely].
I'm happy to help you with that. I just need to know your destination and I can book that for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. I have my restaurant reservation, but I still need to find a 2-star hotel in the south.
Okay, let's start with the hotel. As I'm looking, I don't see a 2-star hotel in the south. Would another rating suit your needs?
If there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 3 star hotel will do.
What about the [Ashley hotel]?
That would be great. Can you get me the postcode for the hotel, please?
sure thing it is cb41er, anything else today?
Can I please book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant?
sure thing a blue bmw will be picking you up and the contact number is 07240838121, anything else today?
no I think that just about covers it, thanks
Thank you for your call. Have a great trip! Goodbye.


I had always wanted to go to Cambridge and say "I'm on a boat" Can you tell me about attractions which are boat places to visit in Cambridge?
Sure, which part of town will you be in?
Any part of town is fine.
There are 4 boating attractions. Two are in the centre of town, one in the east, and one in the north. Would you like any additional information?
Yes. What are the entrance fees?
I'm sorry I don't have the entrance fees available to me.
Do you have the phone number to any of these attractions?
The phone number for camboats is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Is there any train that is taking off on Monday? I want to arrive my destination by [20:30].
There are lots of trains. Would you like to specify a departure site or destination?
I need a train from cambridge to ely.
I can put you on the tr5137 it will get you there by 14:07, how many tickets please?
I only need 1 ticket.
Slight typo last time - it's train TR5167. Everything else is correct, and I have made your booking. Reference number VT0HAARA . Is there anything else?
No. That's all thanks.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.


Yes, could you give me some suggestions on places to go to in the centre of town?
Castle Galleries is a really nice museum. It is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23bj. It is my personal favorite.
That's all I need thanks.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Oh wait, I was also looking for a particular restaurant, by the name of the [royal standard].
Okay, I found Royal Standard, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. A table for one on Tuesday at [19:30], please.
I'm sorry, Royal Standard does not have a reservation open at that time. Would you be able to arrive a little earlier or later?
Could you try something for [18:30]?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : YYWH70MU .
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today!
you're welcome. its a pleasure to serve you


I am looking for a train leaving from ely.
Ok, where will you be traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge.
What time would you like to depart and arrive?
I would like to leave after [08:15] on Sunday please.
The first train after 08:15 is the TR4212, which leaves at 09:35.
That's great. Can you tell me where architecture attractions are near the center of town?
Near the centre is All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools. Would you like more information?
Oh can you make a suggestion and get me the phone number, address and entrance fee?
Sure! All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane and the phone number is 01223452587. There is no entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
No, you have been quite helpful. That is all I need to plan a great vacation. Thanks, and bye.
Have a nice trip!


I want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
Which [department] should I contact for a sprained ankle?
Probably the emergency department, the phone number is 01223217118.
Thank you , could you provide me with the email address?
Unfortunately there isn't an email address listed here.
Can I have the address please.
The address is Hills Road, Cambridge.
Thank you for the information.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that is it. Thank you
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.


I'm trying to plan a trip there. I need to find a cheap restaurant.
Would you like chinese or asian? Charlie chan serves chinese and is on the cheap side.
No, I would like an [Italian] place in the centre.
There are three: Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at any of these?
[Ask] sounds good. What's the postcode?
The postcode is cb21uf, will that be all?
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at ely by [17:15].
The train arriving closest to 17:15 is TR4447 which arrives at 16:07. Would you like for me to book that for you?
Before I book anything can you give me the price?
The price is 4.40 pounds.
How long does the train take to get to Ely? And when, precisely, does it leave?
The TR4447 leaves at [15:50] and it's a 17 minute ride, arriving at 16:07. Should I book it for you?
Before I book anything, what is the price?
the price is 4.40 pounds
Thank you, please book me.
How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one ticket, please!
Congratulations! Your booking was successful and your reference number is SED9S4BH .
Thanks for your help
You're more than welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


Hello, could you tell me where the [old schools] attraction is located?
Yes. It is in the centre of town on trinity lane.
What is the postcode for this place?
The postcode is cb21tt. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a train leaving Cambridge after [14:30]
Where will you be traveling to? And what day will you be leaving?
i'm going to stevenage on wednesday.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave after 14:30 please.
Okay. The TR7245 leaves at 15:21. Would you like me to book it for you
What is the travel time and how much will it cose?
Travel time is 49 minutes, and the price is 12.80. Would you like me to book passage for you?
no thanks. not necessary. thanks though. goodbye
thanks for using our service. goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to eat, maybe [Austrian] food.
We have no austrian restuarants. Sorry. Is there another type of restaurant I could look up for you?
Hmm I guess I could try [british] food instead
There are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Moderate price range would be great.
There are 5 British restaurants in the moderate price range, do you have a specific area you would prefer?
No, the area does not matter. I need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Friday. If that time doesn't work then 11:15. I also need the reference number.
I would recommend [the oak bistro] located in the Centre. Will this work for you?
Do they have a table available on Friday at [12:15]?
Your table is booked, ref# U0ZZRFL7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
You're so welcome. Good day.


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve [international] food.
May I recommend [Bloomsbury Restaurant]? It serves wonderful International food.
Are they located in the cetre?
Yes, they are. Should I book that for you?
Yes, please try for Sunday at [19:00] for 2 people.
Alright - you are booked, reference number is 4GHAH1TC .
Thanks so much. That's all I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for [Basque] food, in the Centre of town.
I am sorry but there are no matching records found. Can I help you with something else?
Any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range?
There are 33 restaurants with that criteria. Would you like to narrow your search?
Do any of them serve [Italian] cuisine?
Yes, 4. stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, and cafe uno.
[Caffe] Uno sounds good. Could you book a table for 5 people at [19:30] on monday?
It is unavailable for that time. Would you like to try another time or place?
How about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at another Italian place by the name of Clowns Caafe, your reference number is BAOHHC1Z, is there anything else that i can assist with?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!


I need a taxi to pick me up after [21:25] at The [Cambridge Belfry].
And where are you going?
The taxi should go to [the gardenia].
Your taxi will pick you up at [21:30]. It is a grey Honda.
I'll also need the contact number please.
The contact number is 07650376516.
Than you, I think that's all I need for now.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive [new zealand] food and is in the center area.
Sorry, there are no restaurants like that in the centre. Would you like to change the type of food?
No I really wanted an expensive place in Centre that serves New Zealand cuisine.
There are none in the centre. There is no New Zealand food at all.
How about [Chinese] food? Still expensive, still in the center.
Yes, I have four that I can recommend. How about [Ugly Duckling]?
I would like a table for 2 at [13:45] Monday.
There are no openings at that time, is there another time you would like me to try?
Could you try one of those different places? I really need that day and time.
I am sorry to say that all 4 of the restaurants do not have openings at that time. Would you like to see other price ranges or areas?
How about on Wednesday, the same time for 2?
Success! You've got a table for 2 reserved on Wednesday at 13:45. Reference number I51P6C79 . Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also needing a train that departs from Norwich and goes to Cambridge.
Sure, when would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by [10:45] and should be on the same day as the restaurant booking.
The TR1180 will have you in Cambridge about 10:35.
Thank you so much! Goodbye.
Enjoy your stay in cambridge and have a great day.


Can you help find a theatre in the centre of town?
I can help you with that. How about the [ADC Theatre]? It is in the centre of town.
Great, how much is admission?
Sorry, I don't have that information, but here is the phone number: 01 223 300 0085 if you would like more specifics.
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a star of 4
What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.
Do you prefer a specific type of hotel or are you working on a budget?
I'd like a 4 star in the cheap price range please.
I have one fitting that. Would you like more info?
Yes is it a guesthouse?
Yes it is, it's called [worth house].
I need the phone number for the hotel please.
The phone number is 01223316074. May I help with something else?
i also need a taxi from the [worth house] to the [adc theatre]. i want to leave the hotel by [20:15].
Booking completed! Your booked car type is blue audi and it will come at 20:15. The contact number is 07263502417. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I needed.
Great! Enjoy your show, and I hope you have a great stay!


Is there a cheap [swedish] restaurant in town?
There are no restaurants matching those preferences. Would you like a different restaurant?
How about one serving [mediterranean] food?
There is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town. It is called [The Gardenia].
That sounds good. What is their phone number and postcode?
The Gardenia is in the postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L. Their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you!
Your welcome, is there anything I could help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge.
Will you be staying in the centre?
I can stay anywhere but I need the place to be expensive and have free wifi included.
The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Okay, book the [Gonville Hotel] for 4 nights starting with Sunday. There will be 7 guests.
I was able to book you, the confirmation number is LGM2U4IY, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for museums to visit in town. Do you have any recommendations?
The [People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College] is a must-see. It's on the west side and has free admission.
Great, would you be able to give me the address and phone number?
The phone number is 01223338901 and the address is girton college, huntingdon road
Thanks. Now I'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at [15:15] and take me to [gonville hotel]. Please give me contact number and car type.
You are all set with a blue toyota, which can be reached at 07287670200. Is that all for today?
yes, that's it for me. thank you! bye!
you are welcome! bye for now!


Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the South area. Can you help me with that please?
I have four options ranging in price from cheap to expensive ranging in from 3 to 4 stars.
Are any a guesthouse?
Yes I have 3 guesthouses matching your criteria. Would you like to book one of them?
No I just need you to recommend one for me.
[Aylesbury odge guesthouse,I] will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need you to book it, I just need the phone number and post code please.
The phone number is 01223240089, and the post code is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. Can you recommend one?
[the good luck] chinese food takeaway is great. Shall i book it ?
Please book the restaurant and I also need a taxi.
What time would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. We'd like [12:15] on Saturday please.
Your table is booked (ref# SCHAG4OI). What time do you need that taxi?
I'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before [12:15].
Your black ford taxi has been booked and your contact number is 07103139053.
Thanks. That is all for now.
Okay. Please call us if we can help you further. We hope you enjoy your stay.


food type, book a hotel, buy a train ticket ...
i'm sorry could you clarify what it is you're looking for?
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday.
I need to know where you are going and when.
Norwich and i need to leave after [16:30]
TR6880 would fit your needs weel
Thanks. I can look for that one later when I book. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the [Shiraz].
Great, I found the Mediterranean restaurant called Shiraz. Their telephone number is 01223307581.
Thank you that is all I need for now.
Thank you for using our system today


I am looking for a particular attraction called [The Place]. I need more information about it.
Sure. It is a nightclub in the south area. Do you need the address or phone number?
Just the postcode and entrance fee I am afraid.
22 sidney street is the address
Could you please tell me the postcode?
Of course, sorry about that. The postcode is cb23hg. Can I be of any further assistance to you today?
What is the entrance fee for it?
Unfortunately, I am not sure of the entrance fee to The Place. You can call them to find out: 01223324600.
Thank you. I will also need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Tuesday, would you be able to help me?
I need some more information first. Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to arrive by [16:00].
There are five trains that will arrive by 16:00, the train that arrives closes to that time is TR315 which arrives at 13:51
That one will work. Can you book it for 4 people?
I booked your train for 4 people. The reference number is T6X9JMIA and the total fee is 94.4 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be everything. Thank you for you help.
Have a nice day.


Hello, I am looking for a [venetian] restaurant in the centre of town.
There are no restaurants serving Venetian food in the centre part of town. Would you like me to check another part of town?
How about [thai] food?
what is the price range you are looking for?
I don't care.
[Bangkok City] serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
bangkok city's address is 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye
No, thank you! Enjoy!


I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge and that should arrive by [3:00 PM]. Can you help?
Where is the destination, please?
The destination is Peterborough. I'll be going there on Tuesday.
TR7727 will arrive at 14:56. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Not right now. I am just getting information together. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for an entertainment place to go in town. I'd like it to be in the centre if there happen to be any.
What type of attraction would you like?
I'd like some entertainment.
No entertainment attractions in the center unfortunately. I usually recommend the funky fun house on the east side of town
What about a college?
There are lots of wonderful colleges in the centre. There's Trinity College of course, but others such as Saint Catharine's College are also nice. Do you want to know more?
I am interested in visiting [Saint Catharine's College]. May I have the postcode, please.
The post code is cb21r1.
Thank you for the information.
Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a restaurant called [Loch Fyne]. Can you tell me a bit about it?
Yes. They're a restaurant in the city centre, known for their seafood. The prices can be quite steep, however. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at [19:00] on tuesday
I've successfully reserved your table, and they'll hold it for 15 minutes for you. The reference number is LWEOGZJM . Can I help you with anything else right now?
Thank you for the booking. I am also interested in local artists. Are there any museums in the centre of town?
Yes there is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum in that part of town. Would you like more information about it?
Can I get their phone number to contact them please?
Sure. The phone number is 01223324222.
Great, do you have any other museums in that part of town as well?
Yes I have 10 other museums listed in my database for that area. Would you like more information regarding one in particular?
Can you please recommend one and provide the phone number
How about the broughton house gallery and its phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you for the information, that's all I need today.
You're welcome. Enjoy!


Need the train schedule from ely to cambridge
What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling friday.
The first train leaves at 05:35 and has a duration of 17 minutes. Trains leave every two hours thereafter ending at 23:35.
Do you have one leaving after [15:30]?
There is a train that leaves at 15:35.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Just to be clear, you want me to book 1 seat on train TR4389, departing Ely at 15:35. Is that correct?
No. I don't need a booking. Sorry. I do need help finding an attraction.
There are several attractions what part of town


i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
There are several expensive restaurants in the south part of town. Do you prefer mexican , indian, italian, or chinese?
Ok, then. I'll take [Mexican]. Can I get an address and phone number for the restaurant?
Ciquito Restaurant Bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!


Could you tell me where to find the nearest police station and give the telephone number?
The nearest police station is Parkside Police Station. It is located in Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you for your help.
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, you've been quite helpful. Thank you.
You are quite welcome. I'm glad to have helped.


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
There are 32 hotels/guesthouses that offer free wifi, do you want to stay on a specific side of town, or a specific amenity you want?
I would like to be in the south and I prefer a guesthouse.
I have 3 listings in that area,what price range were you looking for?
Price does not matter as long as they have 3 stars.
I have one, the Bridge Guest House, shall I book it for you?
No,let me check around,I will call back.
Have a nice day. Call back if you need anything.


i need a hotel in the north
There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Did you have a preference?
It should be a hotel. I don't care if it has parking.
I have two moderately priced ones for you to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Please pick one for me. The wife just "politely requested" that we change our mind on the parking, can you pick one that includes free parking?
Both have free parking. I suggest the [Lovell Lodge]. It's a good place. Phone is 01223425478. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need it booked for Saturday, for 4 nights, and 3 people.
Your booking is confirmed. 3 people arriving on Saturday and staying for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 4XAIWCKT . Can I assist you with anything else?
My wife and I thank you. That would be it
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Umm you too, as much as I have enjoyed the chat, I think this is the end of the dialogue.
This is the end


I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for the restaurant called [Da Vinci Pizzeria].
I have found that restaurant for you, would you like the address?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number please?
The phone number is 01223351707 and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
thanks! I also need a train that should leave after [17:45] on sunday
Sure thing where will you be traveling from and to?
I am in Peterborough and I need to go to Cambridge
I have train TR1809 leaving at 19:48 and arriving at 20:38. Would that suit your schedule?
Yes, thank you, I just need the price.
The price for one ticket would be 13.20 pounds.
That's all I need.
It was a pleasure to help you. Have a nice night. Goodbye.


I am looking to travel to Cambridge by train.
What is your departure day, time, and location?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Tuesday. I need to arrive by [12:30].
There is a train that leaves at 07:39 and arrives at 09:07. Should I book this one?
No, I just need the price and Train ID for the 9:07 train.
Sure, the trainID is TR2715 and the price is 16.60 GBP per ticket. Can I help with anything else today?
Actually yes, I also want to find out what kind of boating attractions there are.
I see Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter listed.
I'd like the address for the [Riverboat Georgina], please.
Certainly, riverboat georgina, cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything, thank you for your time.
Thank you, enjoy your visit!


I would like to visit an attraction the has multiple sports.
I found one for you. It's The [Cherry Hinton Village Centre] on Colville Road. Do you need any additional information?
What is the entrance fee?
I don't have that information, but you can call them at 01223576412 to get more information.
I also would like to find [Turkish] restaurant in the center of town.
I have three turkish restaurants in the centre. Two are moderate price and one is expensive.
I don't care about the price range. Will you please book me a table for 3 people at [17:15] on Wednesday at one of the restaurants?
I have booked you a table for 3 at the [meze bar restaurant] on Wednesday at 17:15. The reference number is X6AY26U1, can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.
Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
You are very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance.


Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. I would prefer to stay in the North at a 3 Star location.
I show 2 option, both in the moderate price range. Do you need parking or internet?
Neither of those matter, but I would like it to be a guesthouse. Do one of those match?
[Alpha-Milton Guest House] is 3 stars with no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room there?
I'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting Monday. I need the reference number as well.
Fantastic, your reference number is T2AUGQ7S . Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge on Monday.
Where did you want to get on the train?
I will be departing from peterborough.
Okay, there are lots of choices. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to get there by [20:45].
TR7940 will get you there by 20:38, would you like me to book it you some tickets?
No, I don't need assistance with the booking. Can you tell me the cost of the ticket though?
The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I assist you with anything more?
No, that's everything. Thank you.
You're welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Have a nice day. Bye.


I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge heading to Leicester
There are quite a few options for this trip. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.
There are 19 entries that match that response. Do you have a preference for time?
Yes. I would prefer to arrive as close to before [21:30] as possible.
TR8207 arrives at 21:06. Would you like to book this train now?
No, I don't want to book it. Could I get the departure time, though?
It will depart at 19:21
Thank you very much, could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for somewhere in the south and it needs to have free parking.
There are 4 different hotels in that area with free parking, did you have a price range in mind?
I don't but the hotel doesn't need to include internet.
The [Lensfield Hotel] is a three star rated hotel with free parking and internet. Shall I book this for you?
That would be great. I'll need it booked for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday. Will you provide me with the conformation number when that is complete?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 52B5WQ2U .
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train leaving on Sunday that is going to Cambridge.
There are 200 trains coming to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time or departure location you're interested in?
I want to depart from london kings cross after [13:30].
Sure, the first train leaves at 15:17. Would you like to book it?
No, I would like to book at a later time, but can I please get the train ID?
Sure, the 15:17 train's id is TR7931. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like the hotel to have free parking and free wifi.
My listings show almost 30 separate lodgings around town with free wifi and parking! Do you have any other preferences to help me pick one for you?
Yes, I would like a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.
There is city centre north b and b, and el shaddai which would you like to book?
[El Shaddai] sounds fine. I need to reserve it for two adults for two nights, please.
Alright, what day will you be staying?
Sunday. Could you please send me the reference number?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to book it for another day or duration?
How about just one night instead? May I have the reference number please?
Great, that was a successful booking, the reference number is 9H97D0MB . Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all, thanks!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!


Can you help me find and expensive [Thai] restaurant?
[Sala Thong] is an expensive Thai restaurant on the west side. Would you like to book there?
That would be great. I need a table on Sunday at [15:45] for 6 people, please.
I have made your reservation. The reference number is S2AY04JF . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. I think that's all I need today, goodbye.
Thank you for calling, enjoy, goodbye!


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the west.
I love [Kettle's Yard], located on Castle Street. And admissions is free.
What is it address and how do i get there?
Address is Castle street. Do you need a taxi or bus?
I would prefer to take a taxi. Id like one to pick me up around [1 PM].
Okay. Where do you need to be picked up?
never mind, i don't need a taxi. i actually need a hotel.
anything in particular and when are you planning your stay?
I'm looking for [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House]. I'll be staying on Wednesday.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is RVQ25TEA . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful. I look forward to visiting. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful trip and enjoy!


I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after [6:30] PM. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.
I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.
There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?


I need some information on traveling from Cambridge. I'd like to go to Ely by train.
There are 70 different trains to choose from. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive in ely by [17:30] on thursday please.
Train TR0996 arrives in Ely at 6:07 and costs 4.40 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, can you book eight tickets please?
Got you the tickets. The total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 353TSC7M . Can I do you anything else?
I am also looking for places to go on the east side of town. Can you give me suggestions?
I have about 10 different attractions. I have a park, swimming pool, museum, entertainment and a boating attraction. Which interests you?
I think I'd like to visit a museum, preferably on the east end of town.
There are 4 museums in the east. 3 have free admission and one is 5 pounds.
Any one will do. I just need the phone number.
You can reach the Cambridge Museum of Technology at 01223368650. They're five pounds to get in, but I think it's definitely worth it. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for today. Thanks. You've been great!
Have a great day! Goodbye!


There's a Parkside Police Station in town, right?
Yes, it is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks. I need the phone number and postcode too.
Sure thing. They are located in Parkside, Cambridge and the phone number is 01223358966.
I will also need the postcode please.
Sure, the postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks! Also, can you give me the exact address to the station?
The only address listed is Parkside, Cambridge. It does not give an exact address, I'm sorry to say.
Wow. That is very odd.
Yeah, sorry for the inconvenience. Can I do anything else for you though?
No, that's all thank you
You're welcome, have a great day


I am looking for a train from cambridge to ely.
There are 70 trains from Cambridge to Ely. Do you have a preferred departure time and date?
I want to leave on Thursday. And be there by [11:15].
I have three trains that match your specifications. Do you have a time you would like to leave by?
No, any of them is fine. Please give me the departure time that you choose.
The departure time for trainID TR0996 is 05:50
Thank you that's all I need today.
Excellent! Have a good day.


I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?
Sure! I can help you with that. Are there any particular amenities you are looking for in a hotel?
I'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.
There is huntingdon marriot hotel in the west and [university arms hotel] in the centre, do you want me to book you for one of them?
Can I get the phone numbers please?
Huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 01480446000. University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to eat that serves [indian] food and should be in the south
I have the Taj Tandoori that is in the expensive price range. This is the only option I have. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. This is all the information I need at this time.
Ok. Have a nice day!


I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.
There are 79 places to go in my database. Can you narrow down your requirements, please? Perhaps by type or area?
I'm looking for a college. Will you please give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?
The first college alphabetically is Christ's College, which is free to enter. The postcodee is CB23BU and the phone number is 0122334900
Now I need to find a restaurant in the centre of town that is cheap.
Okay I have as many as 15 choices that satisfy those criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by food type?
The restaurant should serve [Greek] food.
Sorry, no results returned for Greek food
How about [mediterranean]?
The gardenia fits your criteria and serves Mediterranean. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, but I would like to have the address and postcode.
The address and the postcode are: 2 Rose Crescent City Centre cb23ll
Excellent! Thank you so much for the help!
You're welcome. Do you require further assistance?
No, I have everything I need.
Alright! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to cambridge.
Sure! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving Stevenage on Thursday and I want to arrive by 10:15.
I have a train on Saturday that leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 07:54 and arrives at 08:43.
I need the train Thursday
There is one leaving at 5:54,Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number


I need help with a train to Cambridge.
What station do you wish to leave from?
I want to leave from birminham new street on Thursday.
There are 19 trains departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, do you have a time preference in mind?
Yes, I need to leave Birmingham after [18:30].
There is no train leaving at that time.
Anytime after 18:30 will be fine, it doesn't have to be at that exact time.
the TR7285 leaves at 18:40 that day.
I would like to make reservations for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . the Reference number is : SU7BIOLW . is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! I'm also looking for a [Chinese] restaurant in the centre.
Do you have a price range in mind?
Um... no, not really.
I found 10 Chinese restaurants in the Centre with various price ranges. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes! What place would you recommend?
[jinling noodle bar] is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range. It will suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes please. For 5 people on Thursday at [21:00]. Can I get the reference number after you book it?
You are booked, the reference number is KA64ONYZ, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Good day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included
I have tons of options available. Is there a particular area you would like?
No, but I do prefer a guesthouse.
What about price range?
Can you tell me which one is your favorite, and let me know the price range and address for that one?
The acorn guest house is in a moderate price range and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the east area.
There are 4 restaurants that match your description. Any opinion on price?
I would like something moderately priced please.
There is the [Curry Prince] and Rajmahal which meet your criteria.
Pick one for me. I want to book it for myself on friday at [16:15].
I booked Curry Prince for you for Friday at 16:15, table for one, reference number G6570XEX . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Perfect, that is all that I need. Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!
Just let us if you need additional assistance in the future. Goodbye.


I need a taxi to take me to [cineworld cinema] by [9:15]
I'd be happy to help with your booking, first I'll need to know where you would like picked up from.
I want to be picked up from the [golden curry]
Alright, a blue skoda has been booked. The contact number is 07727382876. Do you need any additional help today?
No, that's everything! Thanks a ton!
Have a great day!


Hello, can you help with my planning? I am looking for a place to stay.
Sure! There are several good options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'll be staying in northern Cambridge.
What price range are you looking for and any star preference?
It should be in the moderate price range, please.
Sure, there are plenty of options. Were you looking for anything specific as far as star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter but I do need free parking.
I suggest [acorn guest house].
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number: P17IW7BH . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum located in the east.
I show 4 museums, 3 of which have free admission.
Okay, may I have the phone number of one of the free museums. Whichever one you recommend will be fine.
The phone number for [gallery at twelve a high street] is 01223295264
Thank you. You've been a lot of help. I need to take off now. Goodbye.
Have a nice day!


I would like to go to a park in the south.
We have two park available sheep's green and llammas land park fen causeway, and wandlebury country park, both have free admission.
Could you get me the phone number to the [Wandlebury country park]?
Sure thing, 01223243830. Was there anything else I could assist with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is in the cheap price range. Can you find something?
There are a few different options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a four star hotel please.
There is one option: the [cambridge belfry]. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, book please and I need a reference number
Before I can book, I need to know the length of your stay, what day you'll arrive, and for how many people
It'll be 7 people and 3 nights beginning tuesday. Please remember to give me the reference number.
Unfortunately it is not allowing me to book hotels right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Is there any hotel available for you to book?
The cambridge belfry just became available. Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7SKSRY3S . Will this work for you?
Yes, thank you! That will work.
Is there anything else I can help you along with?
No that will be all thanks so much for all of the help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a good time!


I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet? I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.
That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I'd like 4 stars though.
Ok what about the [allenbell]? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by [19:45] and departs from Cambridge.
What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
I will be departing on thursday in the afternoon and heading to Ely.
OKay would you like me to book this for you?
I'm sorry, I am actually leaving on Wednesday and going to London Liverpool Street.
TR1549 leaves Wednesday at 17:50 arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the travel time and price?
Travel time is 17 minutes and it's 4.40 pounds. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of the train?
The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket.
Have a nice day.
Thank you, let me know if I can assist with that booking.


I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.
I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.
Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results. Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?
Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections. Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?


I am looking for a restaurant called [Cocum].
That's a very nice Indian restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the phone number or a reservation?
I'd like a reservation, please. I'd need it for Monday, [14:00], and for one person. I'll need the reference number.
Your reservation at Cocum at 14:00 for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : PD01ZLA3 .
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular hotel. It's called [Home From Home].
Home from home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north area with wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Just me, same day as the restaurant, and I'll be staying 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TFWXYHTG . anything else today?
That's all I need for today. Thanks!
Great. If you ever need anything else don't hesitate to ask.


Hello! I need a hospital with a [oral and maxillofacial surgery and ent] department please.
Addenbrookes Hospital provies oral and maxillofacial surgery and ent department. Would you like directions on how to get there?
If you could give me the address, that would be great!
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need any other information?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you very much!
Your very welcome! Have a good day!


What's the address of Leverton House?
I'm not familiar with that place. If you could tell me what type of place it is we might be able to find it for you.
am looking for information about [leverton] hotel
Leverton house is a guesthouse on the east side. It is a cheap 4 star hotel that has free parking and wifi.
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a museum.
There are 4 museums on the East side of town. Three are free to the public and has a 5 pound entrance fee. Would you like me to recommend one?
What's the one with the 5 pound entrance fee?
It is [cambridge museum of technology]
Okay, can you book a taxi to get me there?
Okay, first let me know which day you want to leave and time.


Hi, I need a train the is heading towards birmingham new street.
Train TR9678 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street departs Friday at 05:01 and arrives 07:44. Is this acceptable or do you need a different time?
yes its ok with me
it will cost 75.10 pounds. can i book?
Actually I need one that leaves after 21:00 on Thursday, sorry.
Did you have a certain time that you would like to leave after or arrive by?
No, just as long as it leaves after [21:00] on thursday.
Train TR9209 leaves at 21:01 is this okay?
Yes. Can I have the arrival time and price, please?
It will arrive at 23:44 and the cost is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks can you also give me the entrance fee and phone for a fun boating attraction? I don't care what area it's in.
I don't have entrance fee information, but you could try Camboats. Their phone number is 01223902112. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any boating attractions that do list their entrance fees? I want to make sure I have enough cash with me when I arrive.
Not, I don't. There are four boating attractions and I have no information on their entrance fees. You already have the phone number for Camboats. Perhaps you could call them?
ok that's all i need thanks
Thank you, have a good day


Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Cambridge.
I can help with that. What is the destination?
I would like to go to kings lynn and leave after [13:00].
The TR3805 leaves at 13:11. Do you want a ticket?
No, but can you tell me the price, arrival time, and travel time please?
Yes the price of the ticket will be 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes and the arrival time is 13:58.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is expensive in the west area.
Huntington Marriott Hotel carries 4 stars. Would you like to book?
No I won't be booking today.
Okay is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thank you tahtys all I neeed to know
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a boat.
I found the scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Which would you prefer?
I like the [Cambridge Punter] better. Can you give the phone number and postcode for them? Thanks
Gladly. The postcode is cb41as and their phone number is 07807718591
Thank you. I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a type of food you were looking for?
I would like an [Italian] restaurant that is expensive. I would like to book the restaurant for two people at [11:45] on Monday. May I have the reference number also?
I have 5 restaurants available, 4 in the centre and one in the south. What area would you prefer?
Like I told you before, I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.
So, I have booked your restaurant for [Caffe Uno] on Monday for 2 people at 11:45. The reference number is 98HQG1YV
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. That's all I need. Bye!
Thanks for reaching out to our service!


I am looking for a hospital in town.It should have the [intermediate dependency area] department.
The department you're looking for can be found by calling 01223348144.
Okay, thank you. What is the post code?
Their postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you so much!
You are more than welcome!


Im in the west side of town, are there any pools on the westside?
Sorry, there are no swimming pools on the West side of town. Any other type of attraction you might be interested in?
Okay, how about a museum, then?
How about [Kettle's yard]. Would you like the contact info?
Yes, please provide the address.
It is located on Castle Street. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Is there an entrance fee?
No there isn't. Kettle's yard is completely free.
Excellent. Can I have their address?
Of course, the address is on castle street, the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the south, with free parking.
Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't, pick the best one. Please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Monday.
Okay. Your booking at [the Lensfield Hotel] was successful. The reference number is M0Z0VUJL . Can I help with anything else today?
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places. I want to leave the hotel by [20:15] please.
Your taxi will be a yellow Audi. The contact number is 07558448402. Can I do anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all
You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.
We have many...architecture, colleges, museums, theaters. Any type in particular you would like to find?
There is no particular one that I have in mind. Can you give me the information for one? I would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.
Yes, there are several, but I particularly enjoy the Castle Galleries Museum. The postcode is cb23bj. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range
There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I would like for it to be in the centre area as well. It doesn't have to have free parking.
I'm sorry there are no guesthouses that match your request. Would you like to change your price range to expensive or cheap instead?
How about a moderately priced hotel in the area?
The [cityroomz] hotel is moderately priced and in centre. Would you like to book a room here?
Yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting Sunday. May I have a reference number?
Sure, you're booked at Cityroomz with reference number 58U5UC51 . May I help with anything else?
Yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?
If you need to book a taxi, please let me know your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I do need a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave [Castle Galleries] Museum by [9:30].
the car type is a blue tesla and 07103379311 is the contact number
Perfect, that is all that I needed. Thank you for all of your help!
Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge adventures. Please let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future.
Thank you, bye bye now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Yes, I would like a train ticket for Sunday. I'm going to London Kings Cross.
Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge, and I need to get to kings cross by [10:00].
The TR3207 leaves at 07:00 and arrives at 07:51. Would you like that one?
That sounds good. Please book it for 6 people and can I have the reference number?
Train TR3207 is booked for 6 people. The reference number is BAAL6J4H and the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you. That's everything I needed.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.


I need a train from Cambridge that can arrive by [16:15].
Certainly. Where is your destination?
I want to go to Broxbourne, please.
What day do you want to travel?
The train needs to leave by Saturday and I need three tickets. I would also like the reference number once you book it please?
I booked it you reference number is DUW21NUT
Thank you, that's all I needed.
You are welcome. Your total for the three tickets is 42.96 pounds. You can pay at the station.


I've been in an accident and I'm hurt. I need the closest hospital with a [teenage cancer trust unit].
The Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge has that unit. Anything else I can help with?
May I have the phone number for them?
Their phone number is 01223274222.
Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all.
Thank you for using our service today. I hope all goes well for you.
Yeah, me too.
Please contact us again if you need further assistance. Good-bye.


I am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip. Are there any colleges in the centre of town?
There are several! [Corpus Christi] is a really cool place to visit, but there is an entrance fee of 2 pounds. I have many free ones if that's an issue.
The entrance fee is fine. Can I get their address and postcode, please?
The address is king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel with a star of 3 and includes free parking.
I have two hotels that fit that description. Both are expensive, but one is located in the south and the other is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I would also like it to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
How about [Hamilton lodge]
Sure, could you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
Your reservation for 5 people at the hamilton lodge on thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NLC5RK0F .
Great. Thanks for all the help!
Will that be all for today?
Yes, thanks. Have a wonderful morning! Goodbye.
You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help you today. Good-bye.


I was in a car accident and I need some help
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
May I also have the address and the post code?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge and the telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
The postcode is CB11JG. You are very welcome GoodBye


Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?
Is there a specific area you are looking at and what price range would you like?
I just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.
I found two locations Finches Bed and Breakfast and Hobsons house, which one would you prefer?
I think I would prefer the [Hobsons House]. Can I get the postcode and phone number?
The address for Hobsons House is 96 Barton Road and the postcode is cb39lh, would you like me to book a reservation?
Not at this time. I am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.
There are 202 trains departing from Cambridge that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave after [13:45].
There are 107 trains leaving after 13:45. If you give me your destination I can narrow down the choices.
I'm heading to leicester.
Yes I have a Wednesday train from Leicester to Cambridge that departs at 14:21 and arrives at 16:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like to make the booking for 8 people.
Just to clarify, that train is from Cambridge to Leicester. I've made reservations for 8, reference no. HG6Y42HX . You can pay at the station.
thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting Cambridge InfoCentre today! Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.
Nandos is located in the south part of town, is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food.
Hmm... Are there any other options available for cheap in the south side?
Yes, [the lucky star] serves [chinese] food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range. Would you like their location?
phone number please
The phone number for The Lucky Star is 01223 244277. May I help you with anything else?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for The Lucky Star is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I need to book a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.
What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving on Tuesday, and would like to arrive by [8:30].
When would you like to depart Cambridge? I have multiple options that would have an arrival time prior to 8:30
Departure time is flexible, but [mid-day] would be nice.
There are 2 midday trains: TR6009 departs at [11:21] and TR0743 departs at 13:21. Could I book one of these for you?
Yes please, the TR6009 sounds good.
Ok. I will book the TR6009 for you. How many tickets should I book?
Just one please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7HK6895I . Can I assist you any further?
Yes. I would like a guesthouse with free wifi, please.
Sounds good. I will be glad to take care of that for you.
Thanks! I need a 0-star place.
I found 2 places matching that, [city centre north b and b], and [el shaddai]. Which would you like to book?
Can you tell me if either of these have free parking?
Yes, both the city centre north b and b, and el shaddai have free parking. Do you have a preference?
I don't care.
Alright. How many people are you booking for? What night will begin your stay, and how many night will you be staying?
I don't need rooms reserved at this time. That was actually all the information I need today. Thanks for your help.
It was my pleasure to help. You have a wonderful day.


Can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?
Of course, could you please give me the name of the Hotel you are looking for?
I'm looking for the [Express by Holiday Inn].
This hotel is on the east side of town, rated 2 stars, and in the expensive pricerange. Do you need more information or can I book a room for you?
Thank you! Please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Friday.
Okay, I was able to get you the booking. Your reference number is SQ6GX5Q5 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant called the [rice boat].
Rice boat is an expensive Indian food restaurant in the west, located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at [17:30]?
I certainly ca. Your reservation number is ZK68BCKQ .
thanks, i also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant. can you help?
you will be riding in a grey audi and the contact number is 07939088518
Okay great thank you.
Have a great day!


have you heard of [saint barnabas press gallery]?
Of course! Is a nice little museum on the east side. It's free to enter, and a nice place to spend an afternoon.
may I have the address and area please ?
Its on the east side at the belfast yard, coldham's road. Postcode cb13ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are a lot of options, what's your price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range
[Acorn guest house] is a moderate 4 star facility in the north. Would that meet your needs?
That sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? We are checking in Monday and staying 4 nights.
Your reservation for 4 at the acorn guest house for monday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 7ERDYIN3 .
Great, thank you. I think that is all I will be needing. Take care. Bye.
I'm glad I could assist you. Enjoy your stay. Good-bye.


What good attractions are there in the city centre?
There are over 40 of them, many of which are free; did you have anything more specific in mind?
No, just pick something.
The [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum is a good attraction that is free. Would you like the address or directions?
Actually, can I get the address and phone number please?
Sure, it is located at 6 Trinity Street. The phone number is 01223324222. Can I help you further?
Yes. I need to find a train to travel from Stevenage to Cambridge.
Okay, what day and what time would you like to leave? The ride is about 49 minutes and the train comes every two hours.
I need to leave Saturday and must arrive by [20:00]. I don't care what time the train leaves as long as I arrive on time.
I have train TR2442 leaving stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43. Would you like to book this?
Yes, please. I need 4 tickets.
Great! That was successful and your booking reference number is NXSAEV12 .
That should do it. thank you!
Ok great! I hope that you enjoy your travels! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I want to know about the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum]
It is a lovely museum located in the west part of town, at 2-3 castle street. Can I get a phone number for you?
No but I do need the address please.
The address is 2-3 castle street.
Great! I also need a moderately priced hotel that is in the east. Can you help?
Is free paring and internet important to you?
Free wifi would be great. I don't care about the parking.
I found a few guesthouses. Would that type of room be ok with you?
are any of them a 4 star?
I have three that are 4 star. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.
Okay, I recommend the [Warkworth House]. I want to make sure this is okay with you before I go ahead and make a reservation.
Yes, that sounds great. Can I please have the reference number as well?
Your reservations have been made for five people for two nights beginning Wednesday.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [european] food.
[Eraina] in the west part of town serves expensive european food.
Great! Can I have their address and phone number?
Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 368786
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.


I am looking for a boat in town.
OK. There are four different boats to choose from. What area of town were you thinking?
It doesn't really matter. Can you recommend one?
Camboats is in the east of town and I'd recommend them
Sounds good. What is their postcode number as well as their phone number?
I can provide that for you. The Camboats postcode is cb58sx. To reach them, their phone number is 01223902112. Did you need any other information?
Can you look up information for a hotel called [Acorn Guest House]?
The Acorn Guest House is priced moderately, in the north area of town, has internet, parking, located at 154 Chesterton Road, phone 01223353888. Postal code is cb41da. Does that help?
That sounds perfect. Would you please book a room for two starting on Thursday?
Sure, how many nights would you like?
Actually, lets not book a room yet. Can you tell me if they have internet? Also the address and the area of town it is located in.
Yes, of course. The Acorn Guesthouse is in the north part of town and can be found at 154 Chesterton road. They offer free internet.
Wonderful, thank you. I think that's all I need.
Sounds like a plan. Would you like me to book it now?
No thank you. I think that I am good for now.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that is all for now. Thank you!
OK, have a nice day. Good bye.


Can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that I can stay at?
Sure, I have 24 options for you!
I do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the cheap price range, but those are my only requirements. Which one is your favorite?
Okay, my favorite is [Autumn house] in the east. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I would just like to know what the postcode is and whether or not they offer internet.
The post code is cb58rs and they do offer free wifi.
Excellent! I've also heard great things about the [Tang Chinese] restaurant. What can you tell me about them?
it is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has an expensive price range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please book a table at Tang Chinese for 2 people at [17:30] on Tuesday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is O8SO1FUO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's it for now. Thanks very much for your help!
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I am visiting in the northern area of town. I need to find me a place to stay for the night. Can you help?
There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north. Do you have a preference as to type or other requirements?
I'd like it to have free parking and free wifi.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is the north area with free parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room here?
Is the [Arbury Lodge] moderately priced? If so, I would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on Saturday.
The Arbury Lodge is unavailable for 3 nights on Saturday. Can you select another day or for fewer days?
Alright, can you try for just one night?
I was able to book you a room for 1 night at the guesthouse. The reference number is NEZYKV5E . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much for your help!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?
There are 22 cheap restaurants. What part of town are you interested in?
I'd like a place in the centre, please.
There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre area. What type of food are you interested in?
Could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum? Looking for place to go after meal in same area?
The Golden House Chinese restaurant phone number is 01842753771 and the postcode is cb21eg, is there anything else I can assist you with?


Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
Okay! There are 5. Would you like Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
I would like to try some [Japanese], do you have anything matching that?
Unfortunately, no. Would you like to change the location or the restaurant type?
How about [Mexican] food?
The [Chiquito Restaurant Bar] fits your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve me a table for Tuesday for 8 people at [15:15]?
Your table is reserved, reference #UCRWM8U3 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much for the help.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal!


I would like to find a nice attraction to visit in the centre of town.
I would be happy to help you find a great attraction to visit! What kind of attraction are you interested in visiting?
I have no preference. Can you make a recommendation and provide the address, entrance fee, and postcode?
How about the [Broughton House Gallery]? There is no entrance fee.
whats its postcode and address? i would also like to get a train that leaves friday from kings lynn
The address is 98 King Street and the postcode is cb11ln. What is your destination on Friday?
I'll be heading to Cambridge, but I can't leave until sometime after [21:15], please.
There are two trains meeting your needs. The earlier train leaves at 22:11 and the later train at 23:11. The ride takes 47 minutes. Which do you want me to book?
Can you get me one ticket on the 22:11 train?
I managed to book you on that train. The total fee is 9.8 GBP and the reference number is 9M753T1T .
Great, thanks! I think that's all I needed.
You're welcome.


I would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves [gastropub] food.
The [Royal Standard] is located at 290 Mill Road City.
What is the phone number?
you can reach them at 01223 247877 .
thank you very much, bye
you're welcome, have a good day.


I need a train ride to peterborough that departs from cambridge
There are many available, is there a specific day and time you'd like to leave on?
Sorry going to peterborough to cambridge friday and would like to get there by [16:45] please.
I would recommend train TR9859 that arrives at 05:56.
Yes, thank you, can I get the price for that please?
The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
i would also like places to go in the centre of town
Sure, what type of places are you interested in?
Anything that seems fun in the centre. Maybe a museum?
I have 11 different museums. Might I suggest the [Primavera]. It just began displaying a new set of exhibits. Would you like more info on it?
I need the phone number, postcode, and address.
Sure, it's located at 10 king s parade cb21sj and can be reached at 01223357708. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you for your help!
You're very welcome! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
The grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.
No, not that one. I'd like to know if there's anything else please.
I would recommend pipasha restaurant, a nice [indian] restaurant in the east.
I would like to know the address and phone number of [pipasha restaurant] and the type of food they serve
The address is at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 577786. The restaurant serves indian food.
Thanks for the info!
You're very welcome.


I want to take a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.
What day and time do you want to leave Stevenage?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive in cambridge by [12:45].
I have 4 trains available. What time would you like to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get there by 12:45.
For how many people?
I don't need to purchase tickets today, but can you tell me the train ID and the total travel time to get me there?
TR9062 will take 49 minutes, from 11:54 to 12:43. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of a ticket, please?
The price of TR9062 is 12.80 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you look up a [welsh] food restaurant that is expensive and in the centre?
I'm sorry I couldn't find any welsh restaurants matching that criteria . Would you like to try a different area or type of food?
Oh darn it! How about... maybe [korean] food? Still in the centre, and they need to be able to seat 7 people.
Yes there is one option here. It is [little seoul]. What day and time for your booking?
I Would like it on Monday at [18:15].
It isn't allowing me to book that for you. Is there anything else I can try for you?
Can you please try again?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : X54JY6CB .
Thanks, that's all I needed today!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.


Hey! I'm coming into town and I need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town.
I have 3 for you to choose from. Two of them are moderately priced, and one is cheap. All offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference on price?
Not at this time. I'll talk it over with my wife. Can you just give me the name of the moderate one?
There are two moderately-priced guesthouses to choose from. One is The Aylesbray Lodge and the other is The Bridge.
Okay, how many stars do they have?
Aylesbray Lodge has 4 stars, and the Bridge Guest House has 3.
That sounds good. Thank you.
Would you like me to book either of them?
No, we're going to talk it over and reserve at a later date. Thanks for your help though.
Ok, The Bridge House is only 3 stars, and the Aylesbray is 4, if that makes a difference to your wife. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day, goodbye.


I need a taxi to leave after [03:00]
What is your departure site?
I'm departing from [anatolia].
I'd be happy to book that for you, what is your destination?
I need to get to [the Cambridge Corn Exchange].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volvo Contact number : 07025112262
Thank you so much.
If that is all I can help you with, have a great day!


I would like information about the [Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge], please.
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive 2-star hotel on the east side of Cambridge. It offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes please, could you advise on the price per night for the room?
I do not have that information, but they can be reached at 01223866800.
Can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on Wednesday for 4 nights?
OK I have booked you a room for 4 days beginning Wednesday. Your reference number is YKUIEGTJ . Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a train on Sunday after [19:00] from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
I have three trains that match your criteria, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one.I also would like to know the cost, arrival time and ID of the train.
A ticket on TR9732 costs 13.28 pounds and will arrive at 21:27.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
My pleasure. Enjoy your trip!


I'm looking for some information on a restaurant called [the varsity restaurant].
I can look that up for you! The Varsity Restaurant is located in Centre and is a moderate priced place. Do you need more information?
Nope, that is all the information I needed!
Please don't hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance?
Yes I need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the east side of town.
There are 6 that meet your requests, do you have a price range?
Yes, are there any 4-star places that are cheap?
How about the Autumn house?
Great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights? I'll need it from Thursday.
Yes I will book it for you


I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after [21:45].
The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?
I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?
The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?
Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.
Okay, I have the [alpha-milton guest house] in the north area. Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
I don't need reservations I just need the address and price range.
moderate price range. Located at 63 milton road.
Thank you that will be all!
Enjoy your visit.


I would like a train going to stansted airport.
From where will you be departing?
I am departing cambridge tuesday
I have several trains available. What is your preferred time of departure and arrival?
I would like to leave after [20:15].
I have one leaving at 20:40 and arriving by 21:08. Only 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Thank you. can also provide the train ID?
TR8238. Would you like to book it?
No thanks can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a type of food you prefer?
I'm up for an adventure, can you pick a good one for me?
Of course. I would recommend the [Cambridge Chop House]. It serves British food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the postcode and the phone number.
Phone number is 01223359506 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else?
That is all, thank you very much.
I am glad I can help and enjoy !


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Is there a certain type of restaurant you are looking for?
I have heard of [gastropub] food but never tried it before. Would you have anything like that in the east?
There is only 1 and its called the [royal standard] would you like to reserve a table?
Sure can you book a table for 4 at [14:45] on friday?
Done! Your reference number is N8IPCZJP . Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I need to book a train to cambridge on that same day.
Okay and where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn. I'll need to arrive by [9:15].
The train that arrives closest to 09:15 is TR1797. It arrives by 08:58 will that work for you?
Yeah that works. Can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 4 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is JB48YR5T . Will that be all for today?
No that will be all. Thank you.
Have a great trip.


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address?
What type of food are you looking for?
Any type of food is fine, just need to know where it is located.
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south. it is located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Thank you for calling and please use our system again. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.


i need a hospital with a [intermediate dependancy area] department
Addenbrookes Hospital has an intermediate dependancy area department, phone number 01223348144.
Thank you so much! Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?
I have found 11 different guesthouses in the north. Were there any certain requirements you have in searching for a particular guesthouse?
Yes I would like it to be moderately priced. Thank you.
There are 9 options that would suit those criteria, do you have any other things you need for your stay or would you like a recommendation?
Please provide a recommendation.
Well I can recommend the [Acorn Guest House] that is also rated 4 stars.
I think that would be great. May I please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from Friday for 1 person?
The booking was successful for 2 nights at the Acorn Guest House for one person. Your Reference number is L55JCSVU . Do you need anything else?
Can you also look up the [sitar tandoori] restaurant?
i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for the same group of people at [17:00] on the same day.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is 6ZPBNFD5 .
Great. You are so helpful. One more thing, I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time
I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
I meant to say I need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.
No problem. I've got your taxi booked. Anything else?
Can I have the contact number and car type?
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey bmw Contact number : 07853122848 Can I help you with anythign else?
Great! Thank you so much!
I hope you have a very pleasant stay in our town!


Hello, I can't wait to try some local restaurants when I travel there next week. I could use some help with places to go in town though.
I'm certain we can help with that. Do you have a price range, part of town or what kind of food you'll want to eat?
Actually, is there a place in town that offers nice architecture to see?
There is a moderate priced asian restaurant in the centre called yippee noodle bar that's around beautiful places. Would you like to try that?
I want a place that has [latin] food.
I'm very sorry I am finding no results for restaurants serving latin food. Is there another type of cuisine you'd be interested in?
How about some [vietnamese] food in the west then?
I have the [thanh binh] restaurant located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at [16:00] on Friday. I've also got another question when you're done with that. Thank you.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : Q4NHOJRD . what was the other question?
You must be a mind reader, my question was the reference number! Thank you
You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a cab to and from both places please make sure it is on time so I don't miss my reservation, contact # & car type
What place will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the restaurant.
well, you didn't suggest any attractions, you see. What would you suggest, then I can schedule my cab after that
My apologies! My wife loves architecture and insisted I find a place, glad I didn't forget. Any area's fine, but what about the same as the restaurant?
Is there a price range would you like?
I'd like a place to go to in the category of architecture, preferably free.
[All saints church] is free and lcoated on jesus lane.
That sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. I'll need to arrive by 16:00 for my reservation.
Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a white Volvo. The contact number is 07266032951. May I be of further assistance today?
Thank you so much. That's all I will need today.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I need a train departing from Stansted Airport on Friday.
Sure. Where are you traveling too and what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [9:15].
I have 4 trains that will arrive by 9:15 in Cambridge. What time would you like to depart Stansted Airport?
No preference on departure time, but I will need to book for 5 people.
Reference number is : 1LD6SOW1 . Anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.
There are several colleges in the centre. May I suggest christ's college or downing college, both have free entrance fees.
what's the entrance fee for [christ's college]?
The admission is free.
Ok, thanks. Can I get the phone number and postcode as well?
Post code is cb23bu and phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything thank you.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day.


Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from stansted airport.
Sure, I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by [8:30] on wednesday.
There are 3 different options that fit your request. Which time would you like to depart, 05:24, 06:24, or 07:24?
I need to depart whichever train gets me to Cambridge closest to 08:30 am.
the TR0196 arrives by 7:52. do you want to purchase a ticket?
yes and I need a reference number please thank you
How many tickets will you need?
Nevermind. I'm going to just purchase my ticket at the station. Can you check for [Swedish] restaurant for me?
I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants that serve Swedish food in the area. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
how about one with [italian] food?
recommend [pizza hut city centre]. it a very good joint.
Sounds like a plan. Can you book me a table for 6 people please
Sure thing what day and time would you like to go?
it will be for wednesday, 6 people at [12:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be r
Thanks for your help. That is all I will be needing for today. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, can you help me with some information on the train system?
Absolutely! What information are you looking for?
I will be departing Cambridge and need to arrive at London Liverpool Street on Saturday
Great I have several options for you. Do you know your departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after [18:15] please.
How about train TR2166 that leaves at 19:27?
That is fine please make a booking for 8 people
OK, you have 8 tickets reserved on TR2166. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RAEGFIL7 .
I am also looking for places to go in town. Maybe a college?
The are many college's in town, what is your preference ?
No preference, just pick something for me. I'll need to know the area, postcode and fee to get in.
I think you would like [Christ's College] in the centre, the postcode is cb23bu and the entrance is free.
Thank you very much for your help!
You are welcome. Will you need a taxi or a restaurant reservation? I can help.
That's all for now. Thank you
You are welcomed have a great day . Enjoy your trip.


Can you tell me some info on the [Avalon] hotel?
The Avalon is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free internet. Would you like to book there?
Yes can you book it for 5 people on Saturday? We need rooms for 4 nights.
That one is not open, shall I try a shorter stay?
I guess we could shorten it; can you try 2 nights instead?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZWN28J72 . Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called [Frankie and Bennys]
its in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. should i book for you a room?
Yes, the five of us would like to eat at [17:45] before we check in to the hotel.
I'm sorry, but I cannot get you in at that time. Is there another day or time slot that would work for you?
Book it for [30 min earlier]. I need the reference number.
Oh! I got you the table for your original time at [17:45]. Your reference number is 6MIRFIR2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.
For what times.
I need a taxi so that it arrives by the time of my reservation at the restaurant.
Your taxi has been booked to take you from Avalon to Frankie and Benny's at 17:45. Your taxi will be a black tesla and the contact bumber is 07715682347.
That sounds great. Thank you very much.
Will you need any thing else now?
No thank you that will be all for me, goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I was told about a beautiful college called [saint catharine's]. Could I get some information on it?
It is in the Centre part of town at King's Parade, and entrance is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?
The postcode is cb21rl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, are there any restaurants serving [Italian] food near the college?
Yes, there are 9! What price range would you like?
I'm splurging, let's go with an expensive one!
Okay how about the [stazione restaurant and coffee bar]? It is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great. We will be dining on Saturday at [11:00]. It will be 6 people.
I've made those reservations and your reference number is 8FMZ4VCE .
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome.


I need a Hotel to stay in Cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.
Is there a certain area or price range you would like.
I would like it to be a cheap hotel please.
There are 33 total entries would you like a certain area?
How about one with free wifi?
the [cambridge belfry] is a Hotel that offers both.
Can you tell the the area, postcode, and phone number for it?
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west. The phone number is 0195414600 and it is located at the cb236bw postcode.
Perfect, thanks. Can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers [indian] food?
There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
a cheap place, please
There is no place fitting that description.
could you find any restaurant that serves indian food
[Meghna] is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west.
Could I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223727410. Would you like to make a reservation?
no thanks, that is all I need. Thanks so much!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Yes I was wondering if you could tell me about the boat attractions that are available in town?
Sure, there are many boating attractions. What specific part of town were you looking for?
I'm open to any part of town, just makes sure you let me know which one it is.
I recommend The [Cambridge Punter] in the center of town.
Can I get the area that it is in?
The Cambridge Punter is in the Centre area. Is there any other information you need?
I also need a train, please, for Monday after [20:15].
There are many trains departing Monday at 20:15. Where is your destination?
I would be going to Leicester and would like to take the first train after 20:15 please.
There is a train that leaves at 20:21 departing from Cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you tell me what the train ID is for the train that arrives at 20:21?
There are no trains that arrive at 20:21. Did you mean the train that leaves at 20:21?
I need a Monday train, leaving after 20:15. From Cambridge to Leicester.
TR9424 will leave at 20:21, would that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. That's all I need.
Would you like me to book that for you? If so, how many tickets will you need?
That won't be necessary. Thanks.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that'll be all for now. You were a great help. Have a nice day! Bye.
Have a good one!


What time is the next train from Cambridge to Glastonbury?
You need to select train in order for me to look that up for you.
Well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead.
what type of food do you like?
I'm craving [Romanian] food at the moment.
I don't have any in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a moderately priced [Spanish] restaurant?
I actually do have one of those. It is called [La Tasca]. It's located in the centre of town at 14-16 Bridge Street. Did you need a reservation?
I also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.
You could try [all saints church] located at Jesus Lane. Is there anything else you needed to know?
Could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?
Yes their phone number is 01223452587 and their postcode is cb58bs.
What is their entrance fee? I would also like to book a taxi.
It is free to enter. Where will you want the taxi to take you to and from?
I it to come to the restaurant and then take meto the church.
Ok. What time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would just need to arrive to the restaurant by [16:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07289428865
Thank you, that is all I need.
Okay, great. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.


I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a train that leaves sunday and arrives at [5:30].
There are three trains that meet this criteria, two from Birmingham New Street at 22:40 and 23:40, and one from London Liverpool Street at 23:39. Which do you prefer?
i would like the 22:40
Sure, that is train TR1873. Would you like me to book some seats for you?
No thanks. I will book later. But can I get the price and travel time please?
Sure, TR1873 is 60.08 GBP per ticket and is a 163 minute journey. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the centre of town.
I have several options. What price range would you like?
Could you give me a recommendation?
How about [The Ghandhi] located at 72 Regent Street?
That sounds fine. Can you book me a table at [10:45] on Sunday?
Ok, how many people will you be dining with?
I only need a booking for a party of 1.
I am sorry that time is unavailable. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about [09:45] instead?
I am sorry that time is unavailable as well. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about 9:45?
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 9F8YFU1O . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that's all thanks!
Thank you for contacting us have a good day.


I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.
I have lots of options for you. Do you prefer a certain area or type of food?
Cheap [world] food, please.
We don't have any of those unfortunately. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Yeah, how about a [Mediterranean] restaurant in the centre of town?
I have three places, would you prefer it still be cheap or would expensive work as well?
I would still like cheap please.
That would be [the gardenia], at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you give me the postcode, please?
Certainly. The post code is cb2311
I also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.
I don't have any 1 star hotels but I have a 0 star hotel called El Shaddai in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about any with 4 stars?
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre. Will that be okay?
Yes, please book me for one person. Do they have internet and what is their phone number?
Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223525725. In order to book that for you, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
I do not need the hotel booked, but I do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
Okay, when would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave the hotel by [02:45].
Great! You're booked with a black tesla and the contact number is 07413441845. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers it all. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Thank you. Have a great day!
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and you can always let us know if you need any more assistance.


I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
There are a total of 33 guesthouses and hotels in Cambridge. What is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me, but I'm looking for something in the east part of town.
There are seven hotels that are in the east part of town. Do you need parking?
I don't need parking.
I would recommend the [A and B Guest House].
Please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from Monday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : GQ8MEF1L
Thank you. I am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town.
I have 7 museums in that area. Some have entrance fees and others are free. Do you have a preference?
No, not really, thanks. Anything is fine.
The [Cafe Jello Gallery] meets your criteria. Would you like their information?
Sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.
The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af and the phone number is 01223312112.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed thank you!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


I would like to find a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday after [14:45].
Where will you be going?
I will be going to Cambridge from Kings Lynn. Should have clarified before.
I have a TR5331 arriving at 15:58, will that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 7 people.
Ok I have train TR5331 booked for you for 7 people. Your reference number is Q2o02XDS .
Great. Can you also help me find a museum to visit in the east?
We have 5 museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve a high street, and the saint barnabas press gallery.
I'd like to visit The [Saint Barnabas Press] Galary. What is the postcode, phone number and entrance fee?
The saint barnabas press gallery is free to enter and is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road, cb13ew. Anywhere else you'd like me to check?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!
You are most welcome. Enjoy the museum.


Can you tell me where a hospital is located?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ
Thank you, that was all I needed.
I hope you have a wonderful day, then.


Good morning! I need to take a train to Cambridge on Tuesday.
I'm sure we can accommodate you. Where are you departing from?
I'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by [12:15]
Okay, the TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I would like to book a ticket for 4 people.
I booked your train ride. Your reference number is CRLMATVB and it will cost 13.2 GBP when you go to the station.
Thanks. I am looking for an [asian oriental] restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?
I have options ranging from cheap to expensive. If price is no issue, Kymmoy is the best.
I need something moderately priced.
[J restaurant] meets your requirements.
Sounds good. Can I have their address?
Yes. The address is 86 Regent Street, City Centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
No, I'm just figuring out my options right now. You have been very helpful, that is all I need for today. Bye.
Let me know if I can help more.


I want somewhere fun to go in the south of town.
Ok, there is [cineworld cinema] or 7 other places I can tell you about.
May I please have the phone n umber, postcode, and address for the cinema.
They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postal code is cb17dy, I have no information on entrance fee, to find that out call them at 00872208000
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?
There are many restaurants to choose from, do you have any preferences?
I'd like it to be expensive and to serve [modern European] food.
Okay, how about [darrys cookhouse and wine shop] in the centre of town?
That sounds good and that is all the information I need today.
Ok, great. Have a wonderful day!


I need a taxi to come by at [18:15] to take me to [Meghna].
I can help with that, where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from [aylesbray lodge guest house].
Your booking is complete. A grey lexus will pick you up.
Awesome. Can I get a contact number please?
Contact number : 07626056200 Anything else?
I have everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
There are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Do you prefer italian or indian food?
I do not have a preference.
The two restaurants are Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice.
[da vinci pizzeria] serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.
do you need the address?
Of course!
It is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need any other information.
No, thank you. That is all.
OK. Thank you and good bye.


I am planning to visit Cambridge soon and need schedule information.
I am happy to help, when will you be traveling and where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford on Thursday. I'd like to leave after [18:30].
TR0060 leaves at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07. Does that work for you?
Yes, those times are good for me. Would you give me the price and train ID, please.
The train id is TR0060 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not at this time, thanks. But I would like to look for some hotel information. A friend told me to check out the [Avalon]. What can you tell me about it?
The Avalon is a 4 stars guesthouse in the north, the price is moderate. There is not free parking in this hotel.
That's OK, I won't have a car with me. Can you book the Avalon for 3 people for 3 nights, starting Thursday?
Unfortunately they are all booked for that duration. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 3?
Your reference is TTZCS4Y4, is there anything else you need?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!


I am injured and need a hospital with a [cardiology] department.
The Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge has a cardiology department. Would you need to book an appointment?
I would like to have the phone number.
The phone number is 01223256233.
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!


Hi, I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.
We have quite a few interesting attractions in the center of town. Is there anything in particular you would like to see?
I have no preference, I just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.
There are 44 different attractions here in cambridge. Would you like me to pick one of them for you?
As long as it is in the centre of town, yes.
There is the [All Saints Church] at Jesus Lane.
Can I get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?
No problem. The address is Jesus Lane, postcode cb58bs and the entrance fee is free. What else can I help you with?
I would like to book the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], for three people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.
That booking wasn't successful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you try for 1 night instead?
Yes, I was able to book it for one night. your reference number is U4CZ92U1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi for me?
Sure. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'm hoping to leave from the [Alexander] by [09:30] please.
Alright, I got a yellow Toyota taxi to take you from the Alexander to All Saints Church. The taxi contact number is 07449269313. Anything else you need today?
No thanks, that's all.
Great, have a fantastic trip. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
All right, we have many places to stay with free wi-fi. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to be in the north, and I need a place with free parking. I'd also like to keep the price to a moderate range.
There are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, could you make a recommendation based on that criteria and send me the postcode, address, and hotel type, please?
I recommend the Kirkwood House. It is a guesthouse with 4 star ratings. The postcode is cb41da, and the address is 172 Chesterton Road.
That's all the information I need. Thank you so much for your help. Bye!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for some information please. What can you tell me about [Clare Hall]?
Clare Hall is on Herschel Road and has free admission.
In what part of the city is Clare Hall, and what is the address?
It's in the west, it's address is herschel road postcode cb39al.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stevenage, is there anything?
I have 70 trains departing Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge. Is there a particular date and time you would like to book?
Yes, on Thursday, arriving by around [17:45].
How about the TR1596 train? It leaves Stevenage at [15:54] and arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Can you tell me how long a ride that is? I always mess up the math when it crosses the hour.
The duration of that ride would be 49 minutes
Thank you for your help, I think I have gotten all of the information I need today.
You are very welcome. I hope you have a fantastic day!


I am looking for a place to eat in Cambridge thats is [indian] with moderate pricing
I have four Indian restaurants in the area. Two in the east, one in the west and one in the north. Do you have a preference as to what area?
No, I don't care about that.
Okay. Would you like to go to Curry Prince, The Nirala, Meghna, or Rajmahal?
I have no idea. Which one is your favorite?
I would choose the [curry prince]. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 2 on Sunday at [19:45]. You'll need to give me the reference number. I'm also looking for a nightclub in the center of town.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CTV9SXGD . There are several night clubs in the centre. club salsa is great!
I need a cab to arrive by the booked time, can I also get the contact # and car type too please
Would you like to leave from your hotel?
I don't really care as long as I get to the restaurant by 19:45
Can you please give me the name of your hotel?
I do not have it right now.
Sorry, I'm a little confused. There was no mention of hotel. Where would you like to go?
Can I get club salsas phone number and address? I would like the taxi from the club to the restaurant
The salsa is at 1 station road. I can work on the taxi in just one second.
Great. I would like a taxi from [club salsa] to the restaurant. I want to arrive by my reservation time.
i have booked Black honda with contact 07157896056
I think that will be all. Thanks so much for your help!
you are welcome and thanks
have yourself a great day
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! I hope you have a wonderful visit!


I am looking for a place to stay on my upcoming visit. I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.
Can you tell what area you will be staying in?
I am looking for a moderate priced 3 star hotel with free parking and free WiFi.
I have found one in the south, the north and the west. Do you have a preference? They are all very comparable.
Get me one in the West place
The [Hobsons House] meets your criteria. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can you reserve a room for me. There are 7 of us and we want to stay for 4 nights arriving on Sunday.
Your reservation has been confirmed for 7 people staying 4 nights at the Hobsons House. Your reference number is KPO3GJ93 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am also looking for museums to visit in the centre of town.
There are lots to choose from in the centre. Are you interested in art, archaelogy, antiques or history?
How about an art museum?
The [Cambridge Art] Museum is very popular and has no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number and how much is the entrance fee?
cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks so much for your assistance, you've been very helpful.
Great, have a terrific stay!


Yes I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on monday, would you please help me with that?
I can help you with that! We have many options available on Monday, where are you travelling from?
I am travelling from Peterborough. I would also like to arrive by [15:00].
TR9063 arrives in Cambridge on Monday at 14:38, would you like to make a reservation?
Book it for 6 people.
I went ahead and booked that train. Your reference number is TQDMTW4Z . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay too.
Do you have an area, price range, or star rating in mind?
A FOUR STAR RATING,WITH A PRICE RANGE IN THE NEIGHBORHHOOD OF 1000 POUNDS. PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO BE IN THE LONDON,ENGLAND AREA IF I MAY TO BE NEAR THE CLUBS.
Just for clarification would you like to be in the city centre?
Just as long as it is located in the south.
With a 4-star rating and located in the south, I have 2 options. Both are guesthouses. One is [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] and the other is Rosa's Bed & Breakfast.
Either one works, I need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday. I'll also need a reference number.
I was able to book you at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people. Your reference number is ZJMOAB2L .
Thank you so much! Goodbye
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day. Good bye.


Please find a place to eat that serves [Korean] in the west.
There are no korean restaurants in the west. Can I try another search for you?
really? it should be in the expensive price range.
Yes really, the machine never lies. We have 9 expensive places to pick from, no korean but indian and thai are available, any preference?
I would definitely like some [Indian] food right about now.
There are 5 expensive restaurants in the west part of town serving indian food.
Can you recommend one and provide me with their address?
Of course! I'd recommend the Rice Boat restaurant. The phone number is 01223302800. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to go near the restaurant.
There are 13 entries for attractions in the west. What kind are you interested in?
Are there any museums in the area?
Yes, there are 7 different museums in the west. If I may, might I suggest [Kettle's Yard]. They offer free admission as well.
I like free! Do you have the address so I can find it on the map?
It's located on castle street. cb30aq is the postcode.
Thanks. May I also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the [Rice Boat] restaurant, before arranging for a taxi?
Not a problem. The postcode is cb39ey.
I would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by [9:00].
Your car type is a yellow bmw and its contact number is 07512121849. Is there anything else?
There is nothing else. That is all for today.
Thank you for calling. Please reach out if you have anything else we can assist with. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is expensive and includes free parking.
I have 5 places that match your request. Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I would prefer to stay in the western area of town. What would you have in that area?
There is one expensive hotel in the west. It is called the [Huntingdown Marriot] and is 4 stars. How does that sound?
That sounds great. Could you reserve it for me. I will have 4 people and would like to reserve 4 nights beginning Sunday.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to book within those parameters. Would you like to book on a different day or for a shorter stay?
Could you try one night instead?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : X0WCHYMC . Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there anythings to do in the area around the hotel?
Yes, would you like to know the addresses to the night clubs?
Yes please. And the fee to get in.
Certainly. I'll need to know which nightclub you're interested in before giving you the entrance fee, however.
Any night club is fine as long as it's in the west part of town.
Most nightclubs are in the center, one is in the south, we have none in the west. Would another area work?
I was really hoping for something in the west, what other attractions are available in the west area?
How about the Lynne Strover Gallery? It's at 23 high street and it's free.
Could I also have their postcode please?
Lynne stover gallery has a postcode of cb30aq. Can I help with anything else?
I think that is all I need for now. Thank you for all your help.
No problem. Glad to help.


I'm interested in doing something touristy in the centre, where should I stop first?
there are several college, churches and museums in that area
Those all sound interesting. Do you have any recommendations?
How about the [whipple museum of the history of science] located at free school lane. Their entrance fee is free.
Sure, can I have the postcode?
Certainly the post code is cb23rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I need information about a train on Sunday, leaving after [11:45].
And can you tell me your departure site please?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
the tr7447 leaves at [13:00]
That sounds great. Do they have 7 tickets available? If they do reserve the tickets and I need the reference number.
Reference number is : ZHM8KDQA . Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. You have been really nice.
You are welcome. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
What types of attractions are you interested in going to?
I don't know. Can you make some suggestions?
There are many churches in the area to check out.
A church sounds great. It doesn't matter what type church it is. Will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?
The address to [all saints church] is jesus lane.
Can you also find me a restaurant?
What type of food would you like?
Reservation for 3 at [13:00] on Saturday at the [Ugly Duckling]. Please provide reference number. Book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. Phone number and car type.
I have booked a table for 1300, for 3 people at the [Ugly Duckling], reference #JBZ7ORDO . Where do you need the taxi to meet you?
At the church going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of [13:00]
I've arranged for the taxi to get you to the restaurant by [12:45]. You'll be picked up in a Black Honda. The contact number is 07690050237.
Alright thank you very much.
I hope you have a pleasant stay!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.
Acorn guest house is in the north, would that work for you?
Yes if it has free parking, meals, pool and wifi. I want it to be in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Acorn Guest House is moderately priced, and does have free parking and wifi. Would you be interested?
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 2 star rating, and in the moderate price range.
How about [Ashley Hotel] in the north part of town? It's on Chesterton Road.
Sounds good. Can you book it for four nights starting on Tuesday?
No, I am sorry another day perhaps or a shorter stay might be able to get that booked for you.
Can we try it for 1 night?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is NTQSJSP0 . Do you need further assistance today?
Yes. I need a train from Ely to Cambridge.
The trains departs from Ely every two hours at 5:52, 7:52 so on. What time do you plan to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by [21:45]. Could you find me close to that time?
And which day would you like to leave on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please, can I have the price and depature times also?
Your best bet would be TR1537 which arrives in Cambridge at 19:52. The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the departure time is 19:35.
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you! Please feel free to contact us if you change your mind or need further assistance! Have a great day!


I am wanting to find an attraction called [The Place]. Can you help me?
The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town located at 22 Sidney Street. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the postcode please?
The postcode is cb23hg, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a restaurant.
What sort of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for some [Modern European] food
I would suggest [the river bar steakhouse and grill]
Great, is it moderately priced?
It is in the cheap price range. Would you prefer moderate price?
I would prefer moderate price range please.
there is no restaurant fitting your description. can we change the cuisine.
Can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the moderate price range?
[riverside brasserie] would suit those needs.
Sounds tasty. Can you get me a reservation for Saturday?
Your reservation for 1 on Saturday was successful. Reference number: LXQWW69Y
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by [13:15].
Please look for a yellow Tesla. Your contact number is: 07159979222. What else can I assist you with today?
That is all I need.
Have a nice day.


I need a place to stay in the north of town.
Okay, we can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
Moderate would work best for my budget, thanks for asking.
I can book you a room at [acorn guest house].
Do they have free wifi?
yes most of them do
Can you give me the address and post code?
it is situated in 154 chesterton road ,cb41da
Thank you. Can you also find a an attraction called [Cineworld Cinema]?
Cineworld is a cinema on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. What would you like to know about it?
What's their phone number?
Their phone number is 00872208000. Can I hlep with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your help. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day. Farewell


Can you tell me about the entertainment type attractions in the west?
Sure! [clare college] is located in the west and is free of charge.
What's their postcode?
The postcode for Clare College is cb21tl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel called [city centre north b and b].
Yes, that is a guesthouse located at 328a Histon Road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people.
Booking was successful, your reference number is : B93N5UVZ . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you so much for all your help!
It was a pleasure to help. Have a great night. Goodbye.


Hi I need to get to Cambridge by [5:30 PM]. Is there a train for that?
There are multiple options that will get you to Cambridge by 5:30pm. Could you please tell me where you will be departing form and what day you are traveling?
I will be departing from Norwich on Wednesday.
TR0033 departs Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35 (4:35p.m.). Would you like a ticket on that train?
That would be fine. How long is the trip?
The trip is 79 minutes.
Thank you for the information!
And you would like to book just one ticket, is that correct?
Yes, one ticket is fine.
Great. I have you on that train and your reference number is Y1XTHTJA . Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Nope, that's it! Thanks!
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That's all thank you
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Yes, i would like help locating an attraction.
OK - what type of attraction are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I'm looking for the entrance fee for [Castle Galleries].
Their entrance fee is free.
Thanks for the recommendation. That's all the help I need today.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the east.
I have several available. What days would you like to stay?
I don't need to book it. I need a 3 star in the east.
I do not have any hotels in the east with a 3 star. Would you like to try something else?
Can you find something in the south?
We have the [bridge guest house] which is moderately priced and the lensfield hotel which is expensive, would you like me to book you for either one?
Either one is fine. I want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
Ok I was able to book your party at Bridge Guest House. Your reference code is ZUFSD1J5 . Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Thank you. Yes, I think I'll be traveling by train wednesday as well. Are there any trains leaving ely on that day?
Sure, Are you traveling to cambridge? What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
Yes the train should go to cambridge and should leave after [18:30].
I recommend train TR0328. It departs at 19:35 and will get you there by 19:52. Want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. What's the total travel time for that train, though?
It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I believe that's it. Thanks so much for your help!
Safe travels and if you need anything else, please contact us.


I am looking for a zero star hotel in Cambridge.
Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel available.
Is it a mid-budget hotel? I'm also looking for a hotel that's located near the centre.
Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced. It is the only hotel to your specifications. Shall I book you a reservation?
Does it have internet?
Yes, it does!
What is the address?
The address of this Cityroomz is Sleeperz Hotel, Station road. Postcode cb12tz. Would you like help booking a stay?
No, thanks. I will need a train to Bishops stortford, though.
Sure! Which day and time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to depart on Friday from Cambridge. I'd like to arrive at Bishops Stratford by [12:30]. Can you tell me a departure time please.
There are four trains that fir your criteria. The departure times are 05:29, 07:29, 09:29 and 11:29. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes,please book for 07:29.
I will be happy to book you on train TR6809 leaving at 7:29 and arriving at 8:07. How many tickets would you like for this train?
Actually hold off on that part, I'm not sure how many tickets I need yet.
Okay I have not booked a train yet, is there something else you'd like me to look up for you?
No that was all I needed for today. Thanks!
Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are over 20 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
I'm in the mood for some [Mexican] food. Is there a restaurant of that type in the center of town? If so, I'll need address and postcode.
It doesn't look like there are any Mexican restaurants in the centre at all. Would you like to try any other kind of restaurant?
Well let's try another type of food that is moderately priced. What do you suggest?
[Bloomsbury Restaurant] is an international restaurant that offers a variety of food. It is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street CB23DT. Their phone number is 08719429180.
Im also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant.
I'm sorry, there isn't any entertainment in the centre. Could you be more specific as to what you are looking for?
Could you help me find a nightclub, please?
Yes I have many. Would you like me to suggest one?
Yes, that could be great.
How about [Club Salsa]. I hear that it's pretty great for a night out. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, I would also like to get a taxi too. I would like to know the contact number and car type also.
[Club Salsa] is located at 1 Station Road and their entrance fee is 5 pounds. From where to where do you need a taxi?
I want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
What times were you thinking about leaving and arriving?
I'd like to leave [Club Salsa] by [21:30], definitely don't want to be there when things start to get exciting!
What about an arrival time to your destination?
It doesn't matter.
I was able to book a red skoda phone number 07453096254
thank you that will be all
Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
For sure. Goodbye now.
good day and welcome again


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
I can direct you to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge. Is there a specific department you're looking for?
No, I just need the postcode, please.
Okay. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is that everything you needed today?
What's the telephone number?
Postcode : CB20QQ and Telephone : 01223245151
Thanks a ton. That's all I want to know for now. Bye.
Great. Have a fantastic rest of your day!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
Alright, well you have 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you're looking for?
I'll take something [Chinese] if you have it. I'll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend.
Okay the postcode for the Golden House is cb21eg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it. Thanks for your help. Have a nice day.
I'm glad to be of service. Enjoy your dinner in Cambridge!


I am looking for information on the [hamilton lodge] hotel.
The Hamilton Lodge is located in the northern part of town. It has three stars and moderate pricing. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, please, I want to book it. Give me the reference number.
Address for Hamilton Lodge is 156 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223365664. How many people, how many nights, and on what day would you like to book?
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on friday.
Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is ZJ7WBMYC
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.
Sure there is a restaurant called Siagon City. Would you like me to make a reservation for you or would you care to do this yourself?
Is Siagon [City] in the west? I want a restaurant in the west.
No, but Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west serving British food. How does that sound?
What's the address and postcode for Graffiti? Could you also book a taxi from the hotel at [20:15]? Please send me the contact number and car type.
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the postcode is cb30lx. Please tell me where you are departing from for the taxi.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the hotel and restaurant?
Your Taxi is booked. Your car type will be a black Toyota and the contact number is 07498631779
That is everything. Thank you.
Excellent. Have a good day!
Thanks, I don't need anything else today.
Thanks. I'm glad I could help.


Are there any expensive places to eat in the east?
Grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I was really looking for a [kosher] cuisine? Is that available there? If so can you book a table for four?
There are no restaurants in the east that serve kosher food. Would you like me to search another area?
Are there any restaurants that serve [Indian] food?
I can book you a table for 4 at the pipasha restaurant.


I need to find the closest hospital, I've been injured.
I'm sorry to hear about your injury. Addenbrookes Hospital is where you'll want to go, Telephone : 01223245151, Address Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you! That is all of the information I need!
Thank you. Goodbye.


Please help me find a restaurant that serves [british] food near the centre of town.
There are seven restaurants in the centre of town that serve british food ranging from moderate to expensive. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about the price.
Ok then. I suggest the oak bistro. It's located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, but could I please have the postcode?
The post code is cb21eg. Can I assist you further?
Can you please tell me the phone number?
The phone number is 01223323361.
Great, thanks for all your help.
No problem. Did you need anything else?
Nope, that covers all my needs. Thanks.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I like to play sports. Are there any facilities for that in the centre section?
There are not. Is there another area you'd like to try?
in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.
Sorry I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How about at a college?
There you're in luck. We have quite a lot of colleges open to visitors, and most are free to visit.
You know, actually I just remembered a place someone told me about. It's called [Pembroke College]. Is that in the centre area?
Yes it is in the centre, it is located on trumpington street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sport
There is nothing which matches you search in that area.
Ok, well what about a college in the centre instead?
In addition to Pembroke College that we mentioned earlier, there's Christ's College, Downing College, Jesus College, Sidney Sussex College, and others. Do any of those sound appealing?
What is the phone number for [Downing]?
The phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced traditional restaurant in the same area as the college.
I have many. What type of food are you looking for?
I said, [traditional] food please.
No matching records have been found for that criteria, can I help you with something else?
What about one with [European] cuisine?
I have four places. Would you like to know more about them?
You could make a recommendation please.
I recommend [riverside brasserie] at the center of town. Their phone number is 01223259988
Great, can you please book a table for 1 on Friday at [13:15]? Can I please have the reference number?
Reference number is : IJHH4L8N .
Thank you very much. that is all for now.
you are welcome
thank you and goodbye
You will have a great day in town. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm planning my first trip to Cambridge and looking for places to go in the centre, can you give me some suggestions on what and where to go?
Sure, i would suggest going to the multiple nigh clubs that are in the centre and also located there are museums. does that sound like something you would like to experience?
Yes, I think we will go to the museums. Can I get the postcode for the museums and what do they charge for entry? Thank you.
I have 5 museums that may interest you, 4 of them are free and 1 has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Stansted airport.
What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by [17:15].
There is a train: TR8363 that arrives at the airport by 17:08. How many people are traveling with you? Would you like me to book it?
Can I get the travel time and departure time on that?
Of course. The TR8363 would leave at 16:40 and arrive at 17:08. It would of course cost 8.08 pounds per ticket, and it would be a 28 minutes ride.
Thanks, that is all I need. Have a nice day.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! You have a great day!


I need to find a train that goes to stevenage and arrives by [17:30].
Will you be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I will be departing from Cambridge. I also need to leave on Tuesday.
Sure I have a train arriving at 14:10 on a Tuesday. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please. May I have the departure time, train id, and price?
TR0743 is leaving cambridge at 13:21 and the cost is 12.80 pounds, how many tickets will you need?
I just need to know how long the travel time it.
The travel time is 49 minutes.
I would also like to find an expensive guesthouse.
I don't have any guesthouses listed in that price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range possibly?
Sure check moderate for me.
Might I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]? It's a moderately priced, 4-star guesthouse in the north area.
Sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 4 nights starting on friday?
Okay, I made you a reservation at the Acorn Guest House. Check in is Friday for a party of 5 and your reference is CGDK1YT1 . Will that be all today?
Great. That is all.
Ok! Have a great day!


So, I need a guesthouse with free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you'd like to look at?
Yes, I would like it to be in the south and in the moderate range please.
I have two options. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the Bridge Guest House. Both offer free wifi and parking. Can I help arrange a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. I would be happy with either of those options.
Great! Lets go with aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the postcode please?
Yes, it's cb17sr.
That is all for now, thanks .
You are welcome. Bye.


I'd like to find something fun to do in the center of town.
Sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
Are there any movie theaters?
There's one - [Vue Cinema]. They have no entrance fee and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help with anything else today?
Can I get the address for the Cinema please?
The address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any more information?
I am also looking for a train.
Where will you be departing from?


I need a train that goes from Broxbourne to Cambridge please.
What is your departure day and time?
I need to depart on Thursday and arrive by [08:30]. I do not care when I depart.
TR5725 leaves at 0632 and arrives at 0732. Would you like me to book?
Yes, Thank you.
I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets do you need?
Just one. May I have the reference number for that? I would also like information for visiting a park in the town center.
I've booked the train. Your reference number is DQL62WQR . There is one park in the centre - the cambridge university botanic gardens. What information are you interested in?
I would like the postcode, address and a phone number, please.
Postcode is cb21jf, address is bateman street, and phone number is 01223336265. Thank you
amazing, thank you!
Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, looks like I have everything I need. Thanks so much. Bye.
Enjoy your trip and please do not hesitate to give me a call if you need further assistance.


I would like to find an expensive [Indian] restaurant in Cambridge.
There are many in Cambridge. Is there a certain area of town you prefer?
We are going to be on the westside, anything close by there?
Yes, there are 5. I think you'd really like [tandoori] place. Want more info?
Yes, can you see if you can make a reservation for me for [15:45] on Tuesday for 4 people?
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. And I could also use some help finding something fun to do in the west as well.
Your table has been reserved. The reference # is G0843WFO . There are many fun things to do in town. What kind of things interest you? ...museums, colleges?
Tell me more about the museum.
[Cambridge book and print gallery] is a wonderful place and there is no entrance fee. Will there be anything else today?
cambridge book abd print gallery sounds wonderful. Can I please have their address and phone number?
Their address is 49 newnham road and they are located at 01223694264
Grat, cant wait to get there, ...wow. I am actually all set now, that went much faster than expected. Thanks for your efficiency.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry. I must have forgotten that I need the postcode for the museum. Can I get that please?
its no problem. the post code is cb39ey
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
thank you that will be all for now


I need a taxi please to [express by holiday inn cambridge]
Okay, I will need to know where you are leaving from and what time you would like to leave.
I will be leaving from [leverton house] arriving by [06:45].
Booking is complete. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 07609996919.
Thank you that is all I need
Perfect! Have an excellent day!.


I'm looking for information about [Sidney Sussex college].
Sure, it is located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu. Admission is free and I would definitely recommend it to you. Do you need to know anything else?
What area of the city is this in?
It is in the center. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train. It should depart from leicester and leave after [20:15].
Was that heading into Cambridge? And what day do you need that train?
Yes, heading for Cambridge on Thursday.
The earliest train after 20:15 is the TR2621 leaving at 21:09. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
That would be great, but I'll need to reserve 4 seats, actually.
I managed to book you for four on that train. Your confirmation number is 0W0NYOLZ . The total fee 151.19.
Great! We're all set. Thanks so much!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy your time here. Goodbye!


I want to find a place to visit in the centre in Cambridge please.
There are dozens of attractions in the centre of town. What type do you prefer?
I am looking for something like mutliple sports.
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything like in town center. Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east. Does that work for you?
Hmm, how about a nightclub?
[Ballare] is available
Sure! Can I get the postcode and phone number? I also need a train from peterborough that arrives by [9:45].
Ballare is located in postcode cb23na and the phone number is 01223364222. And where would the train from Petersborough be arriving?
I am going to Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel?
Monday, thanks.
I have several trains. The latest one is the TR2118 that arrives at 9:38. Would you like to book a ticket on that?
May I please ask what the price and travel time of TR2118 is, please?
Yes TR2118 leaves at 08:48 and arrives at 09:38, it is a 50 minute ride.
And the price?
The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, you've been very helpful.
Enjoy your visit and have a great day. Thank you.


I need to find a modern [european] restaurant in the south please.
Yes, the [restaurant alimentum] is a great choice, would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 3 on Monday at [13:00], please.
Your booking is successful. Your reference number is JCI12G5U . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Thanks! Have a great day!
Actually, I do need something else. A train home that leaves Cambridge after [16:45].
I'll need some additional information from you before we can proceed. Where will you be traveling to and on what day?
I need to go to Bishops Stortford on Tuesday.
I have train TR2153 that will leave at 17:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would that work for you?
That's perfect. Can you make a reservation for 3 on that train, please?
I can make the reservation for you.
Great! I just need the reference number.
You all set the reference number is ALH3FL92, can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That's it. Bye!
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.


I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. It should leave after [18:45].
What day do you need to travel?
I'll need to leave on Sunday.
TR4440 is the train that leaves earliest at 19:11
Can you tell me how long the trip will be?
the ride is 47 minutes
What is the cost of a ticket?
The ticket is 9.80 pounds.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. Can you tell me of a moderately priced [Indian] place?
There is no moderately priced Indian restaurant in the centre but there are three cheap places. I would recommend The Gandhi. Would this be OK or do you want somewhere else?
Is there a moderately priced [British] restaurant then?
Yes. There are four moderately priced British places in the centre. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and can I get their phone number.
[Restaurant one seven] is what I would recommend, their phone number is 01223337766
Thank you! That is all.
Thanks for using this service! have a nice day.
ok thanks, byeeee
Have a good day!


Hi, I need a guest house to stay in, please.
I've found 24 different guesthouses for you. Would you like some recommendations based on more preferences?
I need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 3 please.
I found 3 guesthouses matching your criteria in the north, south, and west . What part of town would you prefer?
I'd like something on the north side of town.
I have the Hamilton Lodge on chesterton road, would that be ok?
Yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and I will be staying 5 nights if that's available.
There are no [guest house's] available in the north. How about a hotel instead?
That would be fine as long as it is in the same price range
I am sorry there are no hotels that match either. Would you like to try a different part of town or star rating?
Yes. Would you check the west part of town please?
I'm sorry, there is none that match your request in the west. Should I try different star rating or another part of town?
Could you try a hotel in the west in the same price range. The star does not matter.
Hobsons House is a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the west. I was able to book that for you, ref#LQIVXPCX . Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 2 star rating.
I found the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. It offers free internet and parking and is very nice.
I need it to be in the east.
It is. would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, I would love that.
For what day and time could you like the reservation to be made?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need a reservation. But can you recommend an expensive [modern european] restaurant in cambridge?
in what area are you looking for?
in the east, book a table for 3 people at [11:30] on tuesday.
I'm sorry there isn't an expensive modern european restaurant in the east. Would you like to try another area?
Yes please try the north area.
The only modern European restaurant is in the center of town.
Make a reservation for 3 people at [11:30] on tuesday, a taxi to commute between the two places by the booked time. I need reference number, contact number and care type.
Ok, I have your table booked at [Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop]. Your reference number is NX1LAVOG . Your taxi will be a yellow Skoda, contact number 07967910816.
Thanks. You've been very helpful.
Is there anything else you need from me?
No that will be all thank you so much.
You're most welcome. Have a good time.


I am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area.
I have one place that suits your needs. It is the City Centre North B & B. They are located on 328a Histon Road. They offer both free wifi and parking.
Is that place cheap?
Yes. [City Centre North B & B] is in the cheap pricerange.
Ok, that's awesome. Can you book me a room there for Saturday for 8 people and 2 nights?
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Sure, how about just for one night?
Success. The reference number is MOUX96ZE .
Great! Thanks so much for your help with that.
Perfect. I'm sure you'll love it. Good day.


Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?
There doesn't seem to be any seafood restaurants in the west. Would another area work for you?
I meant [british] food with that.
There are three restaurants in the westside that serve british food. Do you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I want one in the expensive range.
[Travellers Rest] is located on Huntingdon Road. Would you like reservations?
yes for 7 at [17:15] on wednesday, I'll need the reference number then too please
I have a table booked for 7 people at 17:15 on Wednesday, your reference number is 4WRE7J72 . Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay
I'd be happy to help. I am showing 33 hotels. Perhaps we can narrow it down a bit. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Any area of town would be fine. I am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses in our listings, are you willing to consider other price ranges?
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?
I have the [university arms hotel] located in the centre.
That will work. Can I book that for 7 people on Wednesday? We will be there for 2 nights.
Sure I got your reservation and your reference number is 09B5QSH5 .
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.
Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to be at restaurant by [17:15]
A grey volvo with pick you up and the contact number is 07701301770. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


what museum would you recommend in the east part of cambridge?
I would recommend cambridge artworks, it is a museum in the east and has free entrance. Would you like any more information?
I am also looking for the [Limehouse] hotel. Do you know if they have internet?
Yes, the Limehouse hotel has internet. Would you like more information about this hotel?
Yes, how many stars is is rated?
Limehouse is a 4 star hotel. Would you like to book it?
That's ok. I can take care of booking myself. Would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for boating?
The [cambridge punter] meets your criteria. Would you like some more information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee?
I do not know the entrance fee. You can call them directly at 07807718591.
Okay. That's all I need, I guess.
Okay. Thank you for calling.


I'm looking for a train in Cambridge that will arrive by [18:30]
Are you leaving Cambridge or going to Cambridge? Better yet, what is your departure city and destination?
I'm departing from cambridge and would like to go to norwich on a monday.
Yes I have the 17:55. May I help you with anything else?
If it arrives by 17:55, then yes, please book 1 seat for me.
I was able to book TR8504 leaving cambridge at 16:36 arriving norwich at 17:55. The total fee is 17.6 GBP and your reference is P5JNVZHA .
Fantastic, thanks. I'd also like to find an architecture attraction in the centre of town, please.
I have about 5 different options for you. Most have free admission, except one. Might I suggest the [All Saints Church] on Jesus Lane. It has free admission.
Can I get the postcode for that please?
all saints church's postcode is cb58bs.
Thank you! That is all the help I need today.
You're very welcome. I do hope that you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for the address and phone number for the [Backstreet Bistro] please.
Sure the Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and there phone number is 01223306306...
Perfect, can you make me a reservation for 8 people on Saturday please?
Of course! What time would you like a reservation?
[14:45] works for us
A reservation for 8 people on Saturday at 14:45 has been made with the reference number 79CMOGUR . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need to book a train on Saturday that goes to Cambridge.
Certainly. There are many trains into Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from, and do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like a train that departs from Stevenage and arrives by [11:15].
There are three trains that fit that criteria. One arrives at 6:43, another at 8:43 and the last at 10:43. Which would you prefer?
Can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time for the one that arrives at 8:43?
TR6016 will cost 10.24 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Can you confirm that this is the train that will arrive by 11:15?
I do not have a train arriving at 11:5. But I do have one arriving at 08:43.
Is that train the same price as TR6016?
I do apologize for the confusion, sir. Yes, the TR6016 will indeed have you there well before 11:15. With a cost of 10.24 pounds and a travel time of 49 minutes.
Ok. That will work. Thanks for your help.
Was there anything more I could assist you with today?
No, I believe that is everything today. Thank you.
Great, have a nice day!


I need to find a train going to Stansted Airport and departing on Thursday.
the train id is TR7966
How much is a ticket?
The train ticket will cost you 10.10 pounds.
Does that train arrive by [16:45], I need to be there by then.
The TR7966 is the first train of the day, arriving at 6:08. The latest train arriving before 16:45 would be the TR9427 arriving at 16:08. Would you prefer that?
Do either of those trains depart from Cambridge? I'd like to leave from there if possible.
TR7966 does depart from Cambridge and arrives at 6:08. The latest train from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday arrives at 10:10. It is train TR6242. Which do you prefer?
The 10:10 would work for me!
Alright, how many tickets do you need?
I can get my own ticket, thank you. How much will it cost?
The fare is 10 pounds 10. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all Thanks
Thanks I have enjoyed the service
THE CONVERSTION IS ABOUT THE TRAIN TICKET BOOK
You're welcome. Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town
I'm afraid that we don't have that type of attraction in the centre of town. Perhaps somewhere else? or a different type of attraction?
Sure, is there a nightclub in that part of town?
I am sorry, but I did not find a nightclub in the center of the town. If you like I can search in the west, where there are a lot nightclubs.
Would you mind double checking. I thought I visited a nightclub in the centre of town before.
Oh, my. I do apologize. I was wrong. There are 5 different nightclubs available. The Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, the Soul Tree and The Fez Club.
Could you tell me the entrance fee and phone number for [Club Salsa]?
Entry is 5 pounds, and the number is 07782218745.
Thank you for answering all my questions. That's all I need.
Of course, let me know if you need anything else.


I need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are moderately priced hotels, and the Express by Holiday Cambridge, Gonville Hotel, and Huntingdon Marriott are more expensively priced. All have parking and wifi.
Actually, are any of these 4 star rated?
The [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] is a four star hotel.
Sounds perfect. Can you book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday? There are 7 of us.
Yes I have done so and your reference number is U2UTF524 .
I'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the expensive range.
The bedouin features african cusine and is located in the centre in the expensive range.
Is there anything that serves [Turkish] food?
Yes there is the meze bar restaurant would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the phone number.
I'm sorry, but Meze Bar Restaurant's phone number is not listed.
I need a taxi from [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] to [Meze Bar] Restaurant
What time do you want to leave the hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need to leave the restaurant by [13:00]. I will also need the contact number and car type of the taxi.
Sure thing. A yellow Honda will be outside waiting for you. The driver's contact number is 07929295523. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
There are several that offer free parking what is your price range?
My price range is mid to high range.
There are several hotels that fits that description what area would you like?
I would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 4.
I have one listing for [aylesbray lodge guest house].
All right, if there are no hotels, the guest house will do. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?
The address is 5 Mowbray Road and the postcode is cb17sr. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not right now. Can you help me find a [modern European] restaurant that is cheap?
I have one place in the Centre of town. Would you like me to book you in?
Sure. Book it for 7 people at [11:15] on thursday.
I have you booked at [the river bar steakhouse and grill]. The reference number is BASBIQ2I, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Any other questions?
No, that'll be all, thanks. You were a great help.
Enjoy your stay in cambridge. Thank you.


Hello, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. I want it in the centre of town, in the cheap range.
We have 15 inexpensive places to dine in the center of town. Is there any particular cuisine you'd like?
That's great! Can you see if one of them serves [portuguese] food, please?
The [nandos city centre] serves portuguese. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Book it for 8 people on saturday [14:30].
cBooking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Sure how about a booking at [13:30]?
You are all set for 13:30, the reference number is 0AH6HXGL and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.
How about [castle galleries]? It's a museum in the centre of town.
Yes, may I have the address and the phone number?
The address is unit su43,grande arcade, saint andrews street
I will also need to book a taxi for commuting between the restaurant and museum.
Okay, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by [13:30]. Also could you provide me with the phone number for Castle Galleries?
Yes, it is 01223307402. Anything else today?
I need the contact number and car type for the taxi please.
Sure. The car is a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07422508366
Excellent. Thank you for your help.
No problem. Is there anything else you need?
I think I'm good, thanks!
You're welcome! Have a good day!
No, that should be all. Goodbye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
How about [arbury lodge guesthouse]? Moderate price range, 4 stars. Free parking and wifi.
That sounds like a great place to stay. Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday?
Your reference number is 91WNH1R1 . For the arbury lodge guesthouse, starting tuesday for 2 nights, and 4 guests. Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the west.
There are 7 museums in the west. Some have entrance fees and others do not. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
Cambridge and County folk museum has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. All the other museums are free. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed for today! Thanks a bunch! Bye!!
Goodbye, have a great day


I need to book train tickets.
sure, where are you headed?
I need a train that is headed to london kings cross and i need to arrive by [20:30].
I can help with that. What day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving Saturday.
We have 8 trains to London Kings Cross that day. Is there any particular time you'd like to leave by?
i would like to leave at [16:20]
The TR8134 leaves at [17:00]. Will that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need tickets, I just need the travel time, price, and train ID.
The train id is TR0427, it leaves cambridge at [19:00] and arrives at london kings cross at 19:51. The cost is 18.88 pounds. May i be of further assistance.
Thank you! I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?
There are quite a few to choose from. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No but I need it for 7 people on the same day.
the oak bistro is a moderately priced [british] restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to complete a booking there?
Sure! It will be 7 people at [16:00] on saturday. Please give me the reference number.
Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Thank you for your time.
I was able to reserve a spot for you at [Restaurant One Seven]. Here is your reference number, 3HSTWXS7 .
That's all I need assistance with today. Thank you.
You are welcome enjoy.


Is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves [Scandinavian] food?
Unfortunately, I haven't found any inexpensive restaurants that serve Scandinavian food. Would you be willing to look for a moderately priced restaurant instead?
yes, that is fine. Please make sure it's in the centre of town.
Unfortunately there are no Scandinavian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about [british] food?
I have found four different British restaurants in the Centre area with a moderate price range. May I recommend Restaurant One Seven?
Yes, that sounds good, can I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223337766. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to know about taking the train down there.
There are many trains that are available, could you give me some more information on what you're looking for?
Yes I need to go to stansted airport from cambridge on saturday after [15:45]. What are my options for this?
There is a train (TR7062) that leaves at 16:40, will that work?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you tell me the price and travel time, or duration, on that one?
Actually that one is sold out however TR2001 leaves at 16:40 as well. Travel time is 28 min and price is 8.08 pounds.
That should work as well! Please go ahead and book!
May I ask how many tickets you would like for that train?
On second thought, I will go ahead and book later. We may need more tickets for some guests we might have coming. Thanks so much. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a cheap price range
I have found 15 restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you want a certain type of food?
I would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
The two choices are chinese and asian oriental,which one would you like?
Please recommend a restaurant. I really do not care about the food type. Thank you.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I would need the phone number and food type.
Rice house is a chinese restaurant and their phone number is 01223367755. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I also need help biking a train.
Alright, could you provide me with your departure and destination locations?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and should leave on Friday.
And where will you be going?
I am going to london liverpool street. I'd like to leave after [12:15].
TR4187 is the first departure after 12:15, leaving at 13:59. Would you like to book passage?
Please just tell me the ticket price and travel time
The travel time is 88 minutes, and tickets are 16.60 pounds
And what time will it arrive?
It will arrive at 15:27. Anything else for you today?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Need a train to cambridge from bishops stortford.
There is a train on friday that leaves at 7:29 am
Will that train arrive by [15:45]?
Yes, it arrives in Cambridge at 8:07. Would you like me to reserve some seats for you?
What is the price and travel time for that train?
The price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [german] food at the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet all of those specifications. Would you like to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Can you recommend a [Chinese] restaurant since German is not available?
Yes, there are there are several. I could try to book you a table at [Shanghai Family Restaurant] in the city centre, or would you like to hear about the others?
Ok, I need a table for 2 at [18:45] on the same day please.
I have a table for 2 reserved for you at 18:45, your reference number is 6VIFYHL7 . Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No, thats all i needed.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a nice visit! Goodbye!


Can you tell me the different museums please
Sure there are 23 museums. Are you interested in one with free entry?
Entrance fee doesn't really matter to me. Pick your favorite and let me know the postcard, area, and phone number please.
I'd recommend the cafe jello gallery. It's on cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
What area can I find [cafe jello gallery]?
Cafe Jello Gallery is in the west. The address is 13 magdalene street.
Ok, just gathering information for now, thank you.
My pleasure. Please call us back if you need anything else.
Thank you, have a good one.
You as well. Have a great trip, and thanks for using Cambridge Towninfo centre.
Thanks again. Bye!
You are welcome. Goodbye.


Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by [21:30].
Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.
Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi. Can you assist me with that?
Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.
I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?


Hi, I need to catch a train from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday. Can you please give me the schedule for that day?
TR7020 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 05:39 07:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes TR8813 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 07:39 09:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes TR7519 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 09:39 11:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes TR4161 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 11:39 13:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes TR2826 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 13:39 15:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes
It looks like TR4161 from london liverpool street to Cambridge, leaving on wednesday at [11:39], fits my schedule.
Great, would you like me to book that for you? How many people?
Yes, please. Two of us are traveling together.
I have booked you two tickets. Your reference number is L0HYQ28Z
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


Yes, i need a train leaving on Saturday.
Where would you like to go to?
I want to leave London Kings Cross and head to Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would love to arrive by [15:00]
The closest train I can find to your arrival time is the TR5729 which would arrive at Cambridge at 14:08. Is this okay?
That's great! Please book for 6 people. I'll need the reference number.
I have booked the train per your request and your reference 0I2EGI9Q .
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should be in the expensive price range.
We have many options, any cuisine preference?
Do you have anything serving [Italian] food?
I have 4 italian restaurants. It might sound funny, but my recommendation if you'd like it is to try the Clowns Cafe. They have amazing food.
No thank you that will be all
Okay would you like their telephone, address or postcode?
I would actually like to book a table at the [Clowns Cafe] that you mentioned. I need a table for 6 on Saturday at [19:15].
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 571QZ495 .
Thank you for your help. That is all for now.
Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the service glad I was able to help. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [08:45].
I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.
TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : G368B2VI . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.
What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
Again, 3 star with free wifi. I don't care about the price. It has to be in the centre, though.
The [Gonville Hotel] will meet all of your needs. Would you like me to book it?
No, not yet. I just need the postcode.
Okay, the postcode is cb11ly. What else can I help with?
That is all, thank you for your help today.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of Cambridge.
I have an Italian place and a Vietnamese, which would you prefer?
I would actually prefer some cheap [Lebanese] food if possible?
I am sorry I have no results for restaurants serving lebanese food in the west. Would you like to find another type of cuisine?
Ok, maybe we can try the [Vietnamese] one you mentioned.
Okay would you like me to make a reservation?
Um, I think I'll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks.
The Vietnamese restaurant is called [Thanh Binh] and is located in the CB30AF postcode. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that is all I needed. Thank you so much!
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend. I don't need internet or free parking.
How about the Avalon?
The [Avalon] sounds good. What is the address?
The Avalon is located at 62 Gilbert Road, CB43PD. Would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need to book right now, but thanks. That's all for today. Goodbye.
Okay goodbye have a nice day!


I am looking for places to go in town located in the centre of town.
There is the [Vue Cinema] downtown. If that interests you, their phone number is 08712240240.
What is the entrance fee and the address?
The address is the grafton centre, east road. Unfortunately, there isn't an entrance fee listed. Would you like information on an alternate attraction?
No that's okay. However, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Ely, could you help me find one?
Absolutely! I have 70 trains going from cambridge to ely. Do you have a departure and/or arrival time?
Yes, i would like to leave Saturday after [11:30]
TR0721 departs at 11:50. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you provide me the travel time and the price as well?
Price is 3.52 pounds. Duration is 17 minutes.
ok thank you so much
I would be happy to book that for you. Are you travelling alone?
That is all I need today thank you for your help.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves [chinese] food
Sure, do you prefer the south part of town or do you want to stay in the centre?
It doesn't matter.
The Rice House is a great cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Can you reserve one for 4 people at [16:45] on Sunday?
I'm sorry my reservation system is not working today. Here is their phone number and address. 01223367755 at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Postcode is cb12bd. Enjoy your meal!


Hello, can you give me some information on a train?
I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by [16:00].
Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.
They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
I'm sorry, I actually need a guesthouse.
Unfortunately, I don't have any matches in my system. Is there something else I can look for?
How about one in the cheap price range?
There are several guesthouses in the cheap range all over town. What area do you prefer?


I need to get some information on a restaurant named [eraina]
Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes for 8 people at [12:30] on Monday please
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time?
I've booked you in at [fitzbillies restaurant]. It is in the same area and price range as eraina. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OGRYGI2N .
Thank you for all the help you have been. You have a good day.
I'm glad we could help. Thank you!


I'm looking for museums to visit in town. What are my options?
There are 23 museums in the city. Do you have a particular area of town that you're interested in?
I have no idea. Could you suggest one that sounds interesting?
I recommend the [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology] in the centre of town. How does that sound?
Can I get the phone number and address please. I also need a hotel with free parking.
The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street. In what area would you like the hotel to be in?
Near the museum if possible. I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
I found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book your stay?
No, I'm not ready to book quite yet. Thanks for your help. Bye.
You're welcome and I hope you enjoy your museum visit.


I need a room, in the south, free wifi.
I have one hotel and three guesthouses on the southside. Would you like a certain price range or star rating?
The price range and star rating is not important to me.
Do you need it to have free parking?
No, you can just pick whatever you would recommend. Can you book a room for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights?
Ok, let's book The [Lensfield Hotel] for you Saturday for 6 people for 4 nights.
Great. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?
I've booked you at the Lensfield with reference number is PKEIHXCW . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you
Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
We will. Have a good day.
Thank you so much . Enjoy your stay.
You have been super helpful. Good-Bye.
Thank for using our service. Goodbye!


I was just in a car accident and I need the police to come to the scene. I also need to know where the closest hospital is.
I can call the police for you but the number is 01223358966. The closest hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
What is the post code for the hospital?
The post code for the hospital is CB20QQ.
Thanks for the info!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all that I need, thank you!
Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.


I am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.
And what area would that be in please?
No preference in area but what is available with a 4 star rating?
I don't have anything with a 4 star rating. Can I try something else?
Can you try a guesthouse instead?
I would suggest [a & b guesthouse].
I need the address and postcode. Does it have internet?
The post is cb12dp and it does have internet. Can I help with anything else?
I still need the address, please.
Sorry about that. The address is 124 tenison road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for places to go in town. I'd like to visit a museum. Can you recommend a good one and provide the address and postcode?
Were you needing it in a certain area or did you just want a recommendation for anywhere in town?
Any area in Cambridge will be fine, thank you.
Then I would definitely recommend [Cambridge Artworks] in the east. Their address is 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you. Can I also have the postcode please?
the postcode is cb13ef else can i do for you?
thankyou so much for the information
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


Hi! I'd like to find an expensive [Indian] restaurant to dine at.
Curry garden is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range.
Is Curry garden in the centre?
Yes it is. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
I'm not looking for a reservation at the moment. Can I just get the phone number, postcode, and address? Thanks!
Certainly. The phone number for Curry Garden is 01223302330, the postcode is cb21dp, and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for using this system!


I'm wanting [Indian] food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town?
How about [kohinoor] a cheap restaurant in the centre located at 74 Mill Road?
Thank you. I'd like to book a table for 6 people for Wednesday at [18:15]. Also can you provide a reference number to confirm.
You are booked at Kohinoor. Reference number is ZMZLMLR9 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number ZMZLMLR9, got it, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that was all. Thank you for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!


Can you tell me about the [Carolina B&B]?
The carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east that is in the moderate price range. Are you looking to stay a specific day?
Yes, I need the guesthouse starting Wednesday for 6 people and 3 nights.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book that for me.
Oh dear. I am sorry but the hotel is not available for the time specified. Could we look at a different day or number of nights?
Oh sure, try for 2 nights instead of 3.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LNE5KHXR
I would also like to find a train that will arrive by [13:45] departing from Cambridge.
Sure, I will be happy to assist you. What day would you want to travel?
I need to get to Kings Lynn on Friday.
TR2621 leaves Friday at 12:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people. Please provide me with the reference number as well.
Booking was successful. The total price is 58.8 GBP and your reference number is 24ZD48NB .
Great, thank you!
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all for now. Goodbye.
No problem. Thank you!


Hi, i am looking for a [indian] restaurant on the west side of town.
I highly recommend [Meghna]. It is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book it?
That's not necessary. Can you tell me what price range it's in?
It is in the moderate range for price.
Perfect. How about the phone number and postcode?
Their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410.
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome is there anything else I can assist with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Awesome, thank you for spending time in Cambridge.
It's one of my favorite places to visit. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Have a nice day!


I would like to find a [European] in the moderate price range.
We have 5 European restaurants. In what area of town would you like to dine?
I don't mind but I would like the place to be moderately priced.
Ok, I am going to recommend the [galleria] restaurant in the centre, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number and postal code too?
The postcode is cb21uw and the phone number is 01223362054. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, thanks. I do need some information on [vue cinema], please.
It is located in centre and on the grafton centre, east road
Can i have their phone number please?
08712240240. Do you need anything else?
Can I have a taxi, please? I want to leave [vue cinema] at [14:45].
Okay and what is your destination?
We will go from the vue cinema to the [galleria] restaurant. We will leave vue cinema at 14:45. Please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.
grey skoda is the car and the contact number is: 07851810998. May I help you with something else ?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!


Need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have [russian] food.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything matching your request. Shall we look for a cheap restaurant instead?
What about a [Turkish] restaurant instead?
I have two in that range, in the centre. Is that area the right area for you?
Yes, that area's fine. Can you make a reservation for 6 people on Thursday at [5:30 pm] with one of them?
Would that be at 5:30 pm (17:30)?
Yes, could I have the reference number as well please?
Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Can you try a different time or day?
Can you try [16:30]?
I was able to make that reservation at 16:30 your reference number is AKF1B848 .
I also need a train from Cambridge to London kings cross that leaves on Friday and arrives at [17:00].
The closest to that time is TR2420 which leaves Cambridge at 15:00 and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 15:51. Would that meet your needs?
Yes, it would. Can you book me 6 tickets for that for Friday please?
Ok, I've booked 6 tickets, reference number FFVH42H7 . Your total is 141.6 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!
You're welcome. Let me know if you think of anything else you need.


I want to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge please.
What day and time will you need this train?
I will need a train leaving on Thursday and arriving in Cambridge by [11:30].
Train number TR9937 leaves Friday at 10:24 and would get you to your destination by 10:52. The cost would be 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
No, I need a train that leaves on Thursday.
TR2635 will arrive Thursday in Cambridge by 10:52, will this suit you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel, is there any chance you can help me with that?
Certainly. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I want to stay at [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.
Would you like me to book a reservation for you.
I am looking for their address, hotel type, and area please.
They're a guesthouse style hotel located at 53 Roseford Road located in the south. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, thank you for your help! Have a great day!
No problem. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.


Yes I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.
Yes I have many offering different types of food. Do you have a preference on what type of cuisine you are looking for?
I do not have any preference on the food type. Can I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?
The Yippee noodle bar fits your criteria. Their phone number is 01223518111. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, but can you help me find some place to go, in the same area as the Noodle Bar?
You can go to restaurant one seven, that is in the same area as Yippee Noodle bar.
I think I would prefer a museum to another restaurant. Can you find me the address and phone number of one in the area?
Broughton house gallery is free and in the same part of town.
That's great, I'll need to know the address, phone number and post code of Broughton house gallery, please.
Broughton House Gallery is at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln. And their phone number is 01223314960. Did you need anything else?
No, I think that'll be it. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town.
I will recommend [Primavera] museum. Their entrance fee is free and you can reach them on 01223357708
What is their address?
The address is 10 King S Parade. do you need directions?
Just the postcode would help and I also will need a place to stay.
The postcode is cb21s. Where in town were you looking to stay?
I would like to stay in the centre are there any expensive hotels?
[University Arms Hotel], 4 star rating located on Regent Street. Phone number is 01223351241. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I just wanted to get that information.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does that hotel have free parking?
Yes it does. Do you need anything else?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes they do!
Thanks for the help. That's all I need for now.
Excellent. Enjoy your trip!


Hello there. Any suggestions on a good [seafood] restaurant located in the centre of town?
[loch fyne] is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would that work?
Yes, that will be fine. Could you make a reservation for 3 at [12:30] on Saturday?
Your table is reserved for 12:30 on Saturday. Your reference number is 3L2HYBCY .
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today. Have a good afternoon.
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn't need to have free internet.
I have the Alpha-Milton guest house in the north that does not include free wifi. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
I should have told you I am specifically looking for a hotel and not a guest house.
I have no hotels in the north that don't include Wifi but I have found 2 that do.
Can you find a guesthouse for me?
Yes there are many. When should I book it for and how many?
Book for 3 nights for 3 people starting sunday please.
I am a bit confused. Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel? If you want a hotel, I can book the [Ashley hotel] for you.
Yes, if I can get into a hotel in the north that would be best.
Okay I've booked you into the Ashley and your reference number is 420X4N75 .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay well enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any hotels that match your requests. Would you like to try a different area?
It can be any type, not just a hotel. I also need free wifi.
I am sorry but there are no matching at all in the North. I suggest trying another area of town.
Can you check again? Maybe check a guesthouse?
Yes we do have a guesthouse called [avalon] that meets your needs. Were you looking to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : YEBKK7SD . anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking to eat at the [Gardenia].
Okay. I can book you a reservation. How many people will be dining and at what time?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at [12:15] on the same day.
Success in booking!! The instructions say that the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DEY84BTQ . Is there anything else in which I may assist you?
That's all I need for right now. Thanks for the help!
You're very welcome! Have a fantastic day!


What trains are available going to Stevenage on Wednesday?
There are a total of 10 trains traveling to Stevenage on Wednesday. Is there a particular departure location you are interested in?
Yes, from Cambridge and it should leave after [15:45] if possible.
There are trains every other hour on the :21. Would you like tickets for the [17:21] train?
Okay, for 6 people, please.
Your booking was successful for the TR1165, reference number RLC6RDDL . Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like a place to dine. I want it to be [latin american] and cheap.
There are no cheap Latin American restaurants nearby. Would you be interested in a different type of cuisine?
How about a place that serves [asian oriental] food?
There are two asian oriental restaurants in your price range in the centre, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which would you prefer?
I think I'll go with [Dojo Nooodle Bar]. What is the address?
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Their postcode is cb21rq.
Great, thank you!
Of course! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you for using our system.


Could you find me a cheap restaurant in the centre please
I have 15 in the centre. Did you have a food type preference?
Is there one that serves [chinese] food?
There are three Chinese restaurants. They are charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Does one appeal to you?
[Rice House] sounds interesting, and I need some cheap egg rolls. What postcode is that place in?
The post code is cb12bd. They have amazing egg rolls!
Thanks - I am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city centre.
There are not. The only multiple sports center is located in the east. Would you like more info on it?
How about a college type attraction in the same area as the restaurant then?
Sure. We have 13 colleges in the city centre. While many are free, some do have an entrance fee.
Would you recommend one?
I would say [Downing college] is the best. What info shall I provide you with concerning that place?
Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?
Their phone number is 01223334860, they are located at regent street, and their postcode is cb21dq.
I'd like a taxi to commute back and forth please.
What time would you like the Taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant by [17:00] please.
Your booking is complete. It will be a white honda and its contact number is 07316123574.
Thanks a bunch. Have a great night. Take care. Bye.
Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful trip!


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please.
There is an Italian or [Vietnamese] restaurant. Which do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to be able to seat 8 people on Tuesday at [17:00].
I was able to book you at [thanh binh], your reference number is H0K8XFPQ .
Ok great thank you. Have a great day!
Thanks! I hope you have a great day!


I need information to find the [huntingdon marriott hotel].
What type of information do you need?
I need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. Could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 5 nights please?
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find another hotel for you?
I suppose so. Another hotel in the same general price range, if you can.
You are booked at [express by holiday inn cambridge]. Reference number: FGSTOTPY .
That was helpful! Thank you goodbye.
Do you need anything else?


I have a particular restaurant that I need to find please.
Do you know the name of the location?
The restaurant is called the [Cambridge Chop House]. I would really like to make a reservation there.
Great, how many people will be dining?
Six people will be dining.
What day and time would you like to make the reservation?
On Thursday at [19:30] please.
Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: KOOJ1Y7I . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for some where to go in the center of town.
Did you have something in mind. We have lots of great things to do--colleges, museums, theatres, nightclubs, etc.
I'm not sure. What types of museums are there?
yes we have art galleries and anthropology and archaeology museums.
select one and give me its entrance fee, attraction type and phone number
the [fitzwilliam museum] is very popular. There is no entrance fee and their phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, to get there in time for my reservation.
Okay great! Your car will be a grey bmw and the contact number is 07720582184.
Very good, thank you kindly, that will be all. You are dismissed.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I'm looking for a moderately priced [polish] food restaurant.
I'm sorry, but there aren't any moderately priced Polish restaurants. Should I check other price ranges or a different type of food?
yes, can you please check for a [turkish] restaurant?
There are two results. Anatolia restaurant and Efes restaurant both server Turkish food in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the address for [Anatolia]?
Yes, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank You
Thank you.


Hello, I would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.
There aren't any 0 star hotels in Cambridge. Would you be interested in a different place to stay?
Are there any 0 star ratings in the west? I'm looking for a cheap hotel basically!
I have the cambridge belfry in west. It is a 4 star but cheap price.
Yes, I think that might be a good choice. Can you make a booking for me?
Yes can i get your booking information please.
I am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. And I want it to be cheap in the west. Can you check that?
we got none in that class. maybe you should look up the 4 star one.
I am sorry. I would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 0 star. Can we try that?
There is a guesthouse in the centre which has 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It is called [el shaddai]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting Tuesday? I need a reference number. Looking to get [modern American] food in same area and price range.
Your room has been booked. The reference number is K4CLW7QT .
I also need a restaurant. Same area as the hotel please.
What type of food would you like?
Is there any modern American restaurant?
Im not showing any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area or type of cuisine?
Can you check for an [Italian] restaurant instead?
We have nine choices, any preferences on price?
I'm looking for a cheap place.
I can recommend [ask].
Then I would like to make a reservation for 6 people for Tuesday at [16:00].
Great! Your reservation was successful and your reference number is SY7C0RH7 .


I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
I'd love to help you with that! What day are you headed out?
Sunday. Sometime after [21:00], if possible.
There are multiple trains headed to cambridge sunday after 21:00. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from ely.
I have train TR4205 that leaves at 21:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:52. The price per ticket is 3.52 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
yeah, i need eight tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 0V72HM78 . Will that be all?
I also need a guesthouse located in the north.
There are several choices, but all are priced either cheap or moderate. Which would you prefer?
Are there any with a star of 4? I'd like free parking as well if that is available.
I have 7 entries that fit your criteria. 6 are moderately priced, and one is cheap. Would you like information about any of these?
Yes info on the cheap price range
[Worth house] is in the cheap price range and located at 152 chesterton road
Thanks, for now I just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.
They do have free internet. Their post code is cb41da. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's all. Thanks!
You're welcome, have a great day!


I need some cheap [Caribbean] eats somewhere.
I'm sorry. I was unable to find a restaurant with those criteria. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant or price range?
I would like the restaurant to be in the centre.
The Dojo Noodle Bar in in the centre. It serves Asian Oriental food. Can I reserve that for you?
No, I'm not in the mood for that. Maybe something Indian, though. Are there any of those?
Yes, there are three cheap [indian] restaurants in the centre. I'd suggest Kohinoor, as it's my favorite. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at [14:15] on friday.
I'm sorry, that time is not available at Kohinoor. Would you like me to find another restaurant for you?
Another in the same area and price.
I was able to book The Ghandi, reference number is 6GPZKTWV
Thank you so much!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it for now. Bye.
Goodbye and thank you.


Is there anything fun to do in the centre?
I can recommend any of 44 options for you in the centre area, what would you consider to be a day of fun?
I'd like to go the the theatre and then maybe out for a drink.
Okay, how about the [ADC] theatre on Park Street?
get me their post code. i also need a train
The postcode is cb58as.
Can you look up info for a train ticket? I need to leave cambridge and go to stansted airport thursday at [20:00]
I tsounds like to needed to arrive by 20:00 right? If so, TR5476 will get you there by 19:08.
I'm sorry for the confusion. I actually need to leave after [20:00]. Do any trains run on that schedule?
how about TR9751? it leaves at 23:40
Please book me two tickets and send me the reference number. Thank you
Reference number is : 17XBF5X5 . Is there anything else?
What is the arrival time, and travel time please?
You'll arrive at Stansted Airport at 24:08. Total travel time is 28 minutes.
Great! That is all that I needed to know. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all for today.
Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
greate day to youu too
have yourself a safe journey.
Thanks. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Again, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I want to try some local restaurants. What are your recommendations?
What type of food are you interested in?
I actually need a train frist. It needs to arrive by [13:00] and depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross Wednesday.
I will have to tranfer you to the person that does trains since I do restaurants. Let me know if you want to discuss food still.
I will also need the departure time and travel time.
train TR3844 departs at 11:21 and the travel time is 49 minutes. would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks, but I would like to see if there are any [Persian] restaurants in the south area of town.
No. Would you like me to try another type of food.
Do you have anything expensive?
there are five expensive restaurant in the south.
I need one close to centre of town
I have so many options including Africa, British and Asian. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the [British].
I recommend the [fitzbillies restaurant]. it's on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, but could you give me the zipcode for the restaurant?
The zip code for the restaurant is cb21rg. Is there any thing else I can do for you today?
no. i am taken care of. thanks. bye.
Enjoy your day, goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to stay in the north?
Yes! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
It does not really matter. It does not need internet or free parking.
There is a moderately priced, 3 star guesthouse named the [Alpha-Milton Guesthouse]. Can I help you book your stay?
Yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from Wednesday. Reference number please.
I was able to book it, reference number is TGKX5Y65 .
Awesome. Are there any good [Indian] restaurants close to the hotel?
There is the nirala which is moderately priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I'd like to book the [Nirala] for Wednesday for 3 people at [15:15], please.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : R6H3QHUE . What else can I help you with today?
I will also need a taxi.
When would you like the taxi for?
I would like to go from the hotel to [Nirala] to make sure I get there for that reservation.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black toyota Contact number : 07497343822 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much! That's everything for now. Take care!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday.
What will be the departure site?
I'm leaving from the New Street station in Birmingham
Is there a time you have to leave or arrive at?
i would like to leave after [14:15]
I have train TR2089 that leaves at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that train please?
The travel time for this route is 163 minutes. The cost of each ticket is 75.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking. Any area will do.
Ok. There are 14 in cambridge. Let's narrow that down a bit. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Definitely a hotel.
Ok, I recommend the [Ashley Hotel], would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, 8 people, 3 nights starting Thursday. Please include reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5SU2LEV2 .
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
And thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves [modern European] food.
There are 4 matching restaurants. What price range would you like?
I would like one in the expensive price range please.
Darry's Cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests. It's at 40270 King Street
Do they have booking available for 7 people at [16:30] on tuesday?
There does not appear to be availability at that time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
OK, I got you a table at the [Bedouin]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: Q7R6ZVRE . Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thank you and goodbye.
Okay you're welcome. Thank you for calling.


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.
I have 3 hotels that are moderately priced with free wifi. [Ashley hotel] or [Lovell Lodge] in the North and [CityRoomz] in the centre.
I would prefer a 4 star hotel, are any of those three rated 4 stars?
They are not. Would you like me to look for hotels in a certain area?
I would like to stay in the centre part of town.
I am sorry but there are no hotels in the center of town matching your request. Would you like try a different part of town, price range, or star rating.
Can you check the north part of town?
I have seven places in the north. Would you like me to book one?
Can you let me know if one of them has free parking, the hotel type of it, and the postcode?
There are six entries that fit your criteria in the nborth area, any other preferences?
Which one would you recommend?
How about the ashley hotel? Moderately priced and located in the north.
Sounds good! I also need to find a college in town. Can you help?
Sure! There are 18, any specific area?
I would prefer the same area as the hotel.
I'm sorry, there are none in the North, would you like to try a different area?
Sure, I'd like to explore other areas of town. Any recommendations?
How does [Christ's College] sound? It's in the city centre and is free to visit.
Thanks! Can I have the address and phone number please?
The phone number is 01223334900 and the address is saint Andrews street.
Thank you! One last thing: I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, please.
What time do you want that trip to be?
I'm going to leave the hotel by [19:15].
Excellent, I have booked you a blue honda for 19:15. The contact number is 07956367561. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
I'm happy to have helped, good day.


I'm looking for a cinema in the south part of town.
Sure, I have located [cineworld cinema] which is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way in the south part of town.
Thank you, can I also have the postcode and phone number?
Their phone number is 00872208000 and postcode is cb17dy. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes. I need a restaurant by the name of [anatolia].
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and phone number is 01223362372. Can I book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at [14:15] on a Saturday. I will need a reference number.
The booking was unsuccessful unfortunately.
Are you sure? Could you possibly try again, just to make sure?
Yes, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
No, I wanted to reserve on Saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the Anatolia. Can you make sure there wasn't an error?
I am very sorry for the confusion. I have confirmed your reservation at anatolia, your reference number is W2SFW7OR . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to pick us up at [cineworld] and get us to [Anatolia] by [14:15]. Can you send me the contact number and car type?
OK, I have a grey toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07221782589. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today. You've been a great help - thanks!
Have a great day!


I'd like some information on a restaurant called [Kymmoy], please.
Kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive price range. Would you also like their phone number?
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at [12:45] on sunday. I would also like the reference number as well, thank you
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 4M02K9XY .
Thank you! Would you also be able to book a train for me?
Absolutely. Can you provide me with more specifics to narrow down your search?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge departing from Norwich.
There are two trains you can take, one leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35, or there is one that leaves at 11:16 and arrives at 12:35.
I would like this train to be on the same day of the restaurant booking and arrive by [8:00].
I can book passage for you on TR5163, arriving in cambridge at 7:35 on Sunday. How many tickets do you need?
I would like to know the approximate travel time and price per ticket for this particular train.
It costs 14.08 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thanks. Looks like that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day!


Hi, I need help planning a trip to Cambridge. I'd like to go to the theatre while I'm in town, and I'll be in the city centre. Is there one there?
I actually have 4 different ones. If I may suggest one, the Mumford Theatre is new and really fun.
That sounds great, what's their phone number?
Their number is 08451962320
Thanks. I also need information about a specific restaurant called [michaelhouse cafe]. What can you tell me about it?
It's an expensive european place in the centre at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre cb21su with phone 01223309147. Would you like to book a table?
They serve [European] food then?
Yes [michaelhouse cafe] serves european food. Would you like any other information about this resturant?
No, that's perfect, but I will need a taxi to go from [Mumford Theatre], leaving by [12:00], to go to St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City.
I managed to book you for a taxi at that time. It will be a white Audi and the contact number is 07947363494. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you and goodbye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need to book a taxi.
I can help with that? What are your departure and destination sites, and what time do you need it?
I need to leave from [ely] and get to [sidney sussex college] by [14:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue honda Contact number : 07229655312
Thanks so much! That'll be it for me for today.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7 if you need help with anything else. Have a great day.


Can you help me please? I just got robbed and I need help!
You need to call 01223358966
And what is the address of the police station?
It is at Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG
Thank you! that's all I need for now.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the north.
There are number of moderately priced options and one that falls in the cheap price range. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like one in the moderate range.
[Archway House] is a very nice 4 star guesthouse in the area that is moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I think that one works. No need to book.
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, tell me if the Archway House has free parking and please get me their postcode
The postal code is cb43pe. Yes, it does have free parking. Is there something else I can assist you with?
Can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the north?
I don't have any in the north, but I have several in the centre. Would you like to try one of those?
No, I want to stay in the same area. How about a park?
There is one park in the north. Would you like the info?
Yes. Could I get the entrance fee and phone number please?
Sure! [Milton] County Park is free, and their phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the hotel by [2:30] please.
I was able to find a taxi to take you from the hotel to the park. It will be a yellow volvo phone number is 07803372639.
That is all I needed today.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'd like a train leaving after [11:30] from Cambridge, please.
Of course. What day would you like to leave and what is your final destination?
I am traveling on Tuesday and going to Ely.
The TR7458 departs at 11:50, would that suit you?
Yes that sounds good can you get me 5 tickets please?
Thank you good bye
Can you get me the reference number please?
Yes, the reference number is 8MJZIG5A .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel named the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel].
The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west part of town. It's very nice. Would you like a room there?
Yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting Thursday. Please book it for me.
Okay, I have those rooms booked for you. Your reference number is 1CPJSXZJ . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now. Thanks
you are welcome, don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.


What are my options for pricier hotels that include wifi free?
I have 5 hotels available in your criteria. Would you like to stay at [Gonville hotel]?
Yes, that is fine.
Sure gonville hotel it is. How can I assist you?
Nothing more, thank you!
Okay thank you! Have a great day!
You too :)
Thanks, enjoy your visit!
Oh! Before you go, can I get the reference number from you please? And if it's not too much of a burden, can you provide train information for us?
What day, how many nights, and how many people would you like for you hotel room?
I need my hotel for 7 people for 5 nights staring from Wednesday.
I've made that booking for you at Gonville, your reference number is DZTN8BRL . Will that be all today?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge and arrives by [09:15] . How much will it cost me?
The cost of the train will depend on where you are traveling to. Can you please let me know your destination?
How much would it cost to travel to Birmingham New Street?
What day are you taking this trip?
I'm planning on leaving on Monday.
A train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Monday will cost 75.10 pounds.
Will my train arrive by 09:15 ?
TR4300 will arrive at birmingham new street by 8:44. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the price for the ticket?
The price is 75.10. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please!
Alright, one ticket booked for train TR4300, your reference number is 1DAG5WL7 .
Thank you for all your help! That is all I need today.
You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip.


I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I've got 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, what part of town would you like to stay in?
The part of town does not matter but I would like a 4 star rating and free wifi.
I think you would like the Acorn Guest House. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Can you confirm that it has a 4 star rating and free wifi?
yes and would you like me to book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?


I need to catch a train this tuesday after [17:00] please.
I can help with that! What is your departure site and destination please?
I will be travelling from Cambridge to Ely.
What time would you like to arrive by?
Arrival time isn't important as long as I'm on my way sometime after 17:00 on Tuesday.
i will recommend TR3842. can we book for you?
what time does it leave?
That train leaves at 23:50
No but I need information on colleges in town.
Our colleges are located either in Centre or the West area of town. In which area would you like to concentrate? Or do you have a specific college already in mind?
no, just find me a college anywhere in town please and I'll need their phone number and post code when you find it please.
corpus christi 01223338000 and the postcode is cb21rh
That's all I need today.
Please contact us anytime. Thank you.


i'm looking for [university arms hotel]
University Arms Hotel is an expensive 4-star hotel in the Centre of town on Regent Street. The hotel has internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I need 3 nights for 1 person starting from Saturday and the reference number.
I've got it booked! Here's your reference number: 8QBUV7UM . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go on the west side of town. Can you suggest some places?
Do you have any preferences in the type of activity? Museums? Entertainment? Colleges?
A museum would be fine. I'll just need to know the entrance fee.
[lynne strover gallery] which is my favourite has free entrance.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places
Sure, which direction will you need to travel and when?
From the hotel to the museum, leaving by [22:00].
Ok. I was able to book a yellow bmw for you. The contact number is 07465102447.
Thanks for all of your help!
I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service today. Hope you have a good day.


I need a taxi, please.
Ok, where are you leaving from?
I want to be picked up from [lynne strover gallery]
Where will you go?
I am going to [The Junction].
What time do you want to be picked up at the gallery?
I don't care about departure time but I need to arrive at The Junction by [20:15], please.
I have you booked into a black lexus.
I need the contact number please.
The contact number is 07776842697. Can I help you with anything else?
That's it, thank you.
Have a good one!


Where can I find the [Queen's College]?
Queen's College is on the west side of town, on Silver Street. Their postcode is cb39et.
Can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?
It is a college and the address is silver street. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves [European] food please.
I have several listed from moderate to expensive. Do you have a preference?
The nearest one to the hotel.
What hotel are you staying at?
Actually, I don't need one near a hotel. I just need the phone number and address of an expensive one.
Yes the Eraina is expensive and their address is Free School Lane City Centre and their telephone is 01223368786
Alright, I want you to book me a taxi from [Queen's College] to the [Eraina]. I'll be leaving the college at [12:00].
I have booked you a blue skoda. The contact number is 07822607219
Thank you very much. That was all I will be needing today.
Ok thank you for using this service and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.
Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before [21:15].
When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.
I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH . What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.
Sure thing, I would suggest this one [acorn guest house].
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG . Will that be all for today?


i need places to go in town
Did you want architecture or a church?
It's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the west. Do you have any recommendations?
Sure. I suggest [Churchill College], on storey's way.
Can I get their postcode and entrance fee please?
The postcode is cb30ds and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. I also need a place to stay. I want a guesthouse in that area. And I'll need parking.
[finches bed and breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with parking and wifi included.
Sounds like a match, Can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 4 nights?
The booking was successful, your reference number is 0603AU17 . Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.


Hey any ideals for a cheap [chines] restaurant ?
Charlie Chan is a good one. Would you like me to book it?
Is that one in the south? That's the area I'll be in.
Charlie Chan is in the Centre. How about [the lucky star]? It's in the south.
Sure that sounds good can get a booking for 6 people at [11:30] on sunday.
Ok. I have a table for 6 booked at 11:30 Sunday. The reference number is A57HXG6M . They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I also need train tickets for Sunday.
Where will you travel to and from?
I'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.
We have 19 trains that day starting at 5:16 and going by the hour, any preferred time range?
Anytime after [6] would be good thank you
There is a train leaving at 6:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
I need to be in Cambridge by [8:45]. Can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? Thanks.
i have train tr4202 that will arrive in cambridge by 08:35. how many tickets do you need?
There are six of us.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 84.48 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : WPGYOY1Y .
Thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. Have a great afternoon! Bye.
Your welcome. I am glad I was able to help.


Actually, I had a fall, and injured my leg, so I was wondering if you knew of a hospital nearby where I can get it looked at?
Addenbrookes Hospital is the closest - located on Hills Road.
What is the postcode?
Their postcode is CB20QQ
Okay, I'm going to try to get there pronto. Thanks for your help.
Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes I am sure. Thank You!
Okay glad we could help.


I want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I need the address, phone number, and type of food.
There are five expensive restaurants available in the south part of the city. Mexican, Italian, Indian, and two Chinese restaurants are available. What type of food would you like?
[Mexican] will be fine. Could I have the address and phone please?
Chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I'm looking for some place to go in the center of town.
May I recommend the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum? It is located in the town centre.
Sounds neat! Can I have the postcode and phone number for the museum?
Certainly! The phone number is 01223324222 and the postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel called [a and b guest house]. Can you get me information on that?
a and b guest house is located east of town center, but they have internet and a 4 star rating. Their phone is 01223315702 and postcode cb12dp.
Thank you! What type of hotel is that, and the address please?
It's a guesthouse located on 124 tenison road.
Thank you goodbye
Enjoy your day!


Hi can you suggest a good [Indian] restaurant in cambridge? Also I'd like some information on trinity college. Can you help me with that?
There are several Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to eat in?
I don't want a restaurant, sorry. I am trying to get the phone number to [trinity college], can you give it to me?
The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves [Chinese] food and is in the east part of town.
I do have one restaurant. It is called [Yu Garden]. They are expensive and located in the east. Would you like me to reserve a table?
What is the restaurant's phone number?
[Yu Garden's] phone number is 01223248882. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
I need to know when you would like to leave
I would like to leave by [17:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07530268013 Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, good bye.
You are welcome, glad to be of assistance. Have a nice stay in Cambridge. Bye.


I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige [belfry].
This is a cheap 4 star hotel in the west. It has internet and parking. Are you looking to book a stay?
Yes can I get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 9GSZPI6R . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I'm all set. Thanks!
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number


I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with a [haematology day unit].
Addenbrookes Hospital has a Haematology Day Unit. The number for the unit is 01223348169.
Thanks, can I also get the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
I think you have given me all that I need.
Have a great day!


I need to find a local hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ
Can you please tell me what their phone number is?
The phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks! That is all I need. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


Yes, hello. I'm looking for a particular attraction called [Downing College].
t is located on regent street, in the centre.
Thank you so much!
You are welcome! Did you need anything else today?
No, that was all. Good bye.
Thanks and enjoy !


I'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.
Sorry, I have no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Are there any moderate priced hotels in the North?
Yes I have two. Would you like me to book one?
I need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that?
Yes both of them have free parking.
Which one would you recommend?
How about the Ashley hotel?
Is the [Ashley hotel] a 3 star hotel?
the ashley is actually a 2 star hotel.
That will be okay, can we book that.
Please tell me how many people will be staying, starting on what day and for how many nights?
I do not want to book it. I need the postcode and address only.
Okay. The postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. The address is 74 Chesterton Road. Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.
You never actually mentioned a restaurant. Are you needing help finding one?
Yes, need a [chinese] food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.
How many people?
It will be just me today, thanks.
[Golden Wok] sounds suitable for you. Do you want a reservation?
no. i just need the postcode and address
It is cb43hl 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thanks. Sorry about that. I'd still like to request a taxi between the two.
I will need to know where you are leaving from and going to and what time you wish to arrive or leave.
I will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.
Okay, let me work on booking that for you.
I need to leave the restaurant by [3:30], and I'll be going to the hotel.
Booking completed! Booked car type yellow honda Contact number 07378282192
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today. Goodbye
I hope you have a pleasant stay!


am looking for a train. The train should leave on monday and should depart from cambridge.
There are many trains available. Do you have a specific day or time in mind?
I would like to travel on Monday after [12:00].
What is your destination?
I want to go to leicester.
The next train after 12:00 leaves at 12:21. Would you like to purchase tickets for that train or is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd just like the travel time and train ID for that one please.
12:21 and time is 105 minutes. May I hemp with anything else ?
Yes, can you please tell me the train ID that departs at 12:21?
My apologies, the ID is TR4096 and the duration is 105 minutes. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for the information.
You're quite welcome. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.


Hi! I am attempting to find a restaurant in Cambridge called [Traveller's Rest]. Do you know of it?
Sure, do you want me to make a booking or do you need more information?
I would like to book a table for 3 people at [14:30] on sunday. I will need the reference number as well.
Ok, it's booked! Your reference number for the reservation is GZ16XA39 .
Great! I'm also looking for something fun to do in town. Can you help me find something to do?
We have many great attractions here. Is there some place specific you would like to go?
I am looking for something in the centre.
Ok, is there a specific attraction type you are interested in seeing?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction preferably.
I'm not showing anything in the centre. Is there another area you're interested in visiting, or a different type of attraction?
Ok, how about a park in the centre. Are there any?
I am not finding any parks. Sorry.
what kind of entertainment are there in centre?
There isn't any entertainment in the centre would you like to try another area or another type of attraction?
Just find me a park anywhere then.
[cambridge university botanic gardens] is in the centre area. I'm sorry I couldnt find it before. Can I get you more info on that?
Could you provide me with the address, please?
The address there is bateman street.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I'd be happy to book a taxi for you. Where would you like to depart from?
From the park to the restaurant, I would like to get there by the booked time.
I have your taxi booked, it is a black toyota and the contact number is 07523319524. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.
Your welcome. enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Can you give me information about local parks I can visit while I am in Cambridge?
May I suggest the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens?
What part of town is that in? I'd like to stick to the east side, if possible.
No, it's not. But we do have a terrific park in the east side. It's the [Cherry Hinton Water Play] Park. Would you like the address?
Yes, along with the postcode and entrance fee please.
Postcode is cb 18dw and admission is free


Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.
I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after [21:00].
Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.
TR8533 will leave Cambridge at [21:50]. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.
The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?
Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves [African]?
I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving African food in the expensive category. Is there another type of restaurant you would like to look for?
I am looking for a cinema.
I have located two cinemas. One is in the north; the other in the south. Would you like additional information?
Yes, can I have entrance fee and address for the one in the south?
[Cineworld Cinema] is at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in the south, but I don't know its entrance fee. We never figured out a restaurant for you, should we keep looking?
Yes. I need a restaurant the is moderate priced with [Italian] food in the west.
Great I have one called [Prezzo]. would you like a booking there?
Yes, that sounds great. Make a reservation for 3 people at [20:00] on Friday and provide the reference number.
Your reservation has been booked. The table will be reserved for you for 15 minutes after [20:00]. Your booking number is LQSPGQ3I . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get me from the cinema to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
Alright! I have a taxi booked to get you to the restaurant in time for your reservation. It is a red skoda, the contact number is 07783655406.
Thanks for the service, that's all for today.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the moderate price range.
There are 21 places to dine at with moderate pricing, do you have a preference for cuisine type?
Yes I would like [european] food.
There are 2 to choose from. They are both good, but I like the Galleria personally. There are also a few that serve modern european food.
No, I'll try the [Galleria]. Can you book a table there for 2 at [15:30] on Tuesday, and please provide me with the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : T7QJ1WB2 . Anything else you need?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that's in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.
I have 2 guesthouse and 2 hotels in the centre. Do you have a preference or a price range in mind today?
A 2 star would be good. I don't care about price range.
I'm sorry, we don't have any 2 star hotels or guest houses in that area. Would you like to try something else?
How about guesthouses with 0 stars?
I have the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is cheap and in the centre of town. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes. Please book for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.
I apologize but I was unable to book the [el shaddai] for that day and stay duration. Would you be willing to book starting another day or shortening your stay?
How about 1 day stay?
Your 1 day booking was successful. Your reference number is IHD90OCU . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.
Booking completed. A red Toyota will pick you up and take you to the restaurant. Contact number for them is 07965351585. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot for all your help. Bye!
Okay, have a great day!


I am looking for [sidney sussex college].
Sidney sussex college is located in the centre of town their phone number is 01223338800, postcode is cb23hu, and address is sidney street
Thank you. What type of attraction is this?
This is a college type attraction with no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need to book a train on sunday departing from bishops stortford
OK - what time of day are you traveling?
Sunday. It should go to cambridge and leave after [14:15]
There are five trains leaving after 14:15 The first one is TR4651, leaving at 15:29. Would you like to book this train?
Yeah that would be great can you please tell me what time it arrives?
TR4651 from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. It is 8.08 pounds, would you like me to book that for you now?
No, no need to book it for me, thank you. That's all I needed today.
You are welcome. Have a nice day!


Hey looking for a train to go to Cambridge. Want one that will leave on Wednesday.
Okay, where will you be departing from?
I will depart from london kings. I would like to leave after [17:00] on wednesday.
The TR6045 departing London Kings Cross for Cambridge on Saturday at 17:17 should work for you, would you like more information or to make a booking?
What's the price for that one?
The price for that ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time, can you tell me about places to go near the centre?
sure! there are 44 attractions in that area. what do you like to do?
It doesn't matter can you recommend one?
[Broughton house gallery] is a nice museum in the centre of town
Can I get the address please?
the address is 98 king street
Thanks, is there an entry fee for that?
No, it's free! Is there anything else you need?
No that's all thanks.
your welcome, have a great day!


I need a guesthouse with a moderate price.
Do you have a preferred area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd like the guesthouse to have free parking though!
I found [acorn guest house]. It is moderately priced and has four stars! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please create a booking for 6 people. It needs to be for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Of course! You're all set, with reference number WZRKRXGZ . May I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all! Thank you for your help!
Okay. Glad we could help!


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [belgian] food
There aren't any belgian restaurants in the area. Would you like to search for something else?
[Portuguese], please.
For portuguese food, there is Nandos in the south part of town or Nandos City Centre. Would you like the contact information for either of those?
Yes, please. I will take the phone number and address for [Nandos] in the south area.
Absolutely, nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way. Its phone number is 01223327908. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


Yes can you tell me something about [the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]?
Yes sure. I can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at Corn Exchange Street and their telephone number is 01223308871. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


Hi I am looking to get some info on the [aylesbray lodge guest house]
The Aylesbury is a moderately priced 4 star hotel on the south side of town. Would you like the phone number, or a room, perhaps?
Great. Book me that for 2 nights starting from saturday for just myself.
I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that hotel for the nights you want, would you like me to try something else?
How about 1 night starting from Saturday?
That worked. Your reference number for the reservation is VDL0A0ID . Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range?
That will be no problem. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the city. Is there a cuisine you'd prefer?
I'll just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 6 at [15:30] on Saturday?
I've book you at [lan hong house], located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre. Your reference number is XPQ6J119 .
Thank you so much!
May I help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.
Let us know if you need help, good day.


I'm looking for a train leaving from Broxbourne on Tuesday.
There are many to choose from. Where are you going and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like the train to leave on Tuesday after [08:15].
Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine, can you give me an arrival time and travel time?
The travel time is 1 hour. There's a train leaving at 08:32 and arriving at 9:32, will that be acceptable?
Yes that's fine. I am looking for something to do for entertainment, any attractions you could tell me about?
Yes, there are quite a few attractions. What type of entertainment are you looking for?
I am looking for either a theater, zoo, fair, or concert. What are the entrance fee's for each?
The Man on the Moon concerthall is on Norfolk Street, but it does not list an entrance fee. That seems to be the only thing you would like.
I think that is all I need for now. Thanks, bye.
Your welcome. Have a great night!


Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday after [12:00].
I'd be happy to help you find something. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving from peterborough going to cambridge
Train number TR9345 leaves Peterborough at 12:19 and arrives in Cambridge around 13:09. Would you like a ticket for this train?
i want tickets for 3 people and give me reference number.
Your reference number is : OYYUXXUM . Can I help with anything else?
im also looking for a place to go in town
We have many fantastic attractions! Would you like to narrow it down by area or type?
I don't care where- just a museum.
[cambridge artworks] would suit your needs. Can I get you more info on it?
Yes can I get the info please?
It is located at 5 Greens Road in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223902168. The admission is free.
Thank you and what is the postcode?
Cambridge Artworks is in postcode cb13ef. Do you need anything else?
No thats all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


What are my choices for a moderate hotel? I don't need free parking.
I have results for 18 moderately priced places, what area are you looking to stay in?
No particular area, I need a hotel with a 4 star rating.
Acorn guest house matches your requirements, would you like to book there?
Does it have free wifi?
The hotel does have internet.
Great can I get their address, phone number, and postcode?
The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and should serve [European] food.
Do you have a area preference?
Yes, in the centre.
I have 2 European and 2 Modern European. Do you have a preference?
I would like the restaurant to be in the Centre and serve European food.
There are 2 to choose from: Hotel Du Vin and Bistro, and Galleria, and there are 2 others that are similar, but serve modern european. Do any of these sound good?
I would like to make a reservation at [Hotel Du Vin and Bistro].
Of course, when would you like your reservation to be and for how many people?
Six people on Wednesday, at [17:00]
Excellent, I have booked you a table for 6 at 17:00. Tables are reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is RI11SSDU .
Thank you so much for all your help!
Do you need anything else?
No that will be all.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, enjoy you hotel stay and your dinner!


I am looking for a hotel called [Warkworth House].
I have found the Warkworth House located in the East. It is 4 stars and is in the moderate price range. May I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 4 people.
I am sorry but Warkworth House is fully booked. May I look for another hotel for you in the east area?
Can you find me another hotel in the same price range as the Warkworth House?
I show two hotels in the moderate price range. Would you like more details on them?
Yes thank you and the reference number
They are both guesthouses in the east, four star. Would you prefer the one with our without parking?
Either is fine. I just need the reservation for Wednesday.
Great! You're booked at [A and B Guest House] with reference number ZE1OBRFT . May I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.
Enjoy your stay


Hi, can you help me locate a hotel named [City Centre B and B]. Really looking forward to trying different restaurants.
City Centre North B and B is at 328a Histon Road. Please let me know if you would like restaurant recommendations.
Can you please help me book that hotel for 8 people. We'll be staying for two nights starting on Tuesday.
i am doing that right away sir. thank you
Are you still there? Were you able to book that? Can I get a reference number please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MOPETAI4 .
Thank you, good bye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I need information on the [scott polar museum]
Ok. What kind of information are you looking for?
I need the type, the phone number and the postcode for it please.
It is a museum, the phone number is 01223336540 and the postcode is cb21er
Great! Thanks for all your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Thank you, have a great day!


I need a two star room, free parking included.
Yes I have two options in the north and on in the east, any preference?
No preference, either will do.
[ashley hotel] in Northe part of town
Yes I need it for 5 nights from Tuesday for 6 people.
I'm sorry but that booking did not go through. Shall I try another hotel for you?
Yes one in the same price range.
I was able to book you at [express by holiday inn cambridge], your reference number is MSGBHKWK, is there anything else that I can assist with?
No thank you. That will be all.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I will. Have a nice day.
So happy I was able to help. Good-Bye.


I need to find a train from Norwich on Saturday.
Sure, what time will you need to arrive in Cambridge?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive, but I would like to make sure I leave Norwich at or after [13:00].
The earliest train leaves Norwich for Cambridge at 13:16. The price is 14.08 pounds and the duration will be 79 minutes. Would you like me to book?
When does it arrive and what is the train ID?
The train would arrive at 14:35. The train ID is TR8724. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for [Polish] food, in the Centre of town.
I'm sorry, but there are no polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like to change your search?
How about a restaurant that serves [mediterranean] food?
[The gardenia] located at 2 rose crescent city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 2 people at [19:00] please.
I have booked it for you at 19:00 and the reference number is Y5GU93IK . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'd like a place to eat, Mediterranean cuisine please.
Yes, that was what I went ahead and booked for you already. Your reservation is set for Saturday at 19:00 for 2 people. Is there something else I can help with?
Do you have a reference number for that?
My apologies for not providing it. Your reference number for the restaurant booking is Y5GU93IK .
Okay fantastic, that's all I need today.
Thank you for using our system!


Hello, I'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. Know of anything good?
I do not show any 2 star guesthouses available. However, we do have 3 or 4 star guesthouses available. Would that interest you?
A three star would be OK as long as it's got free parking.
There are 3 moderately priced guesthouses with a 3 star rating that offers parking. They are the Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Ok. Can you tell me if I can book a room at the [Bridge Guest House]?
How many people are in your party and how many days would you like to stay?
Do they have internet?
Bridge guesthouse does have internet. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the [rice boat].
I found the rice boat but did you still need that hotel booked?
Yes please. Also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at [17:30] this Thursday?
I was successfully able to book that for you. Your reference number is Q1PPYLII . Is there anything more I can assist you with?
I would say I'm all set, thank you!
Great, thank you for choosing our service.


I'm interested in find a place to see in the centre of the town.
We have lots to see! Anything specific you had in mind?
Not really. What's the address and phone number for your favorite attraction?
I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that departs from london liverpool street
What day and time would you like to depart?
I'd like to leave on saturday after [17:15].
You can depart from London Liverpool street to Cambridge on Saturday at 17:39 for 13.28 pounds. The trip will take 88 minutes. Did you have any further questions?
Yes, could I have that train ID please?
Certainly. The train id is TR8530. Would you like to book at ticket?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.
is there anything further I can help you with?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!


I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.
sure, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like [Persian] food.
I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving Persian food.
Okay how about [chinese] food?
There are a lot of chinese restaurants in town. Do you have a preference on area or price range?
Any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?
Rice House is in the center, is cheap, and post code is cb12bd.
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by [17:30].
Okay the TR3600 leaves at 15:26 and arrives by 16:07.
That's perfect. Can you book for 4 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YOCRING .
Thank you. That is all the information I need.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you that will be all
Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.


Hi, I am looking for some train information for my trip. Also, I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
Ok. I can help you with both of those. Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from birmingham new street on saturday.
TR7802LEAVES 09.40. WHAT KIND OF FOOD DO YOU WANT
I'm not sure it that option will work for me. I need the train to go to Cambridge and arrive by [9:00].
I have several options, would you like me to book that for you. How many passengers would you have?
Yes please. I need to book for 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LW32MFA7 . is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I want to eat at an [Indonesian] restaurant in the center area of town.
I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to check a different area or food type?
Yes, let's try [North American] food, please?
I do have one place. [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is expensive and in the centre. Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please. Is there something available for [13:15] on Saturday for all 8 people in my group?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z4WQXEDR . Is there anything else?
Thank you that will be all. Bye!
Good day, enjoy your time in Cambridge.


I am looking for the nearest police station
The nearest police station is in Parkside Cambridge, the telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, that's all I need.
You take care.
Thank you for your help
Have a nice day!


Hi, I am looking to go somewhere that is in the Centre that is architecturally interesting.
the cambridge punter is a boat that looks fun in the centre of town.
How about an architecture attraction? Are there any of those in the centre of town?
Cambridge has several churches in the centre. The architecture is amazing. I would recommend Little Saint Mary's Church.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode to [Little St Mary]? Also need [swiss] food nearby.
Of course, the address is little saint mary's lane. The post code is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202. What's your budget for the restaurant?
I don't have a price range in mind.
I am sorry I am not able to locate any swiss restaurants nearby. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
How about [modern european] food, what is available?
Sorry there are no options anything else you would like to try.
What else is available?
Would you like another type of cuisine?
No thanks. That will be all today.
Do you need a train, hotel or anything else while your in town?
no thats all, thanks
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.


I'm looking for an [italian] restaurant that is moderately priced.
[Stazione restaurant and coffee bar] is available
Could you give me the address and phone number of both please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223352607.
Could I get the address as well?
The address is Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a table there for 6 people at [11:00] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is G9YTGB8M . Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse with a 4 star rating which provides free parking. Is that possible?
It looks like there aren't any 4 star guesthouses that are expensive. Would you like me to try a different star rating or price?
how about a moderate price range?
Yes, how about the acorn guest house?
I'm sorry, I would prefer an expensive guesthouse that includes free parking.
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different hotel type or price range?
How about moderate priced guesthouses that are 4 stars?
We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars and provide free parking. Would you like a recommendation from me?
Sure, please provide the address and phone number as well.
The Acorn Guest House is a very popular hotel. Their phone number is 01223353888 and address is 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you I don't need reservations today.
Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No. All set. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Yes, I'm visiting Cambridge and want to know about [Cambridge Artworks] in town?
It is a museum in the eas part of town on 5 greens road, is there more you would like to know?
Can I please have the phone number?
Certainly. The phone number is 01223902168.
I need a 4-star place to stay in the north part of town.
Do you have a preference for parking/wifi/price range?
No, I don't really have a reference for any of those, I don't even need internet.
The [Acorn Guest House], on 154 chesterton road is available, shall I book it for you?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
How about 4 nights?
That is available. Reference number is : O0JPM8F0 .


Can you help me find a hotel in Cambridge, preferably with free wi-fi, please?
What price range and what area of town?
I want it moderately priced and I don't care what part of town.
They [Ashley Hotel] in the north is moderately priced with free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people, 4 nights beginning on Saturday.
I have made those reservations for you. Your reference numbers are ORVRFO2U .
I am also looking for somewhere fun in the centre of town.
City Centre boasts over 40 different attractions. Do you have any thoughts on what type of attraction you'd like to see?
Hmm I actually have no clue. Could you just recommend your favorite attraction in the centre and tell me its type and postcode please?
I like the ADC Theatre. Its post code is cb58as. Would you like more information about this theatre?
No, thank you. That will be all for today.
Thank you for allowing me to help. Have a great day.


Looking for a train that leaves from london liverpool street and goes to cambridge
What day and time are you planning to leave?
I would like to leave after [10:15] on tuesday.
TR5691 departs at 11:39. Will that work for your needs?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book that for one person.
I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is RP24CQ0D . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a museum in the area of west.
There are 7 musuems located in the west. If you are interested in books, I would suggest the [cambridge book and print gallery].
Can you give me the phone number and address?
Sure. They are located at 49 newnham road and you can reach them at 01223694264.
Do you know if they have an entrance fee?
They are free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need help with at the moment. Thank you.
You are very welcome. Have a great time, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Hello, I am looking for a [Malaysian] restaurant on the north side of town.
I'm sorry. I don't show any results for Malaysian restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like me to search any other areas?
No, how about a [French] restaurant instead?
How about restaurant [two two] at 22 chesterton road Chesterton
Phone number, please.
Their phone number is 01223 351880.
Thanks, goodbye!
You're quite welcome. Good bye.


Hello, I need to catch a train on Friday. Can you help me find one leaving [after 11:30?]
What are your departure and arrival locations?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.
I have a train that leaves at 12:01 and arrives by 13:01. Would you like me to book that train?
Yes, I will need 2 tickets please.
Train id TR4266 leaves at 12:01 and arrives at 13:01. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, for 2 people please. Can I also get the reference #? Thanks!
Your booking was successful. You will owe 35.79 GBP at the station and your reference number is: TQICKHXG . Can I assist you with anything else?
No, there is nothing else I need today. thank you. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our system!


Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. It should be a guest house.
Thank you. There are many guesthouses to choose from. What is your price range and what area would you like?
I'm looking in the moderate price range and should be located in the centre.
I am not showing any guesthouse in the centre area in your price range. Would you like to try another type of hotel or area?
What is available in the centre?
We don't have any guest houses in the centre. How about a hotel? Or an expensive one?
Lets try a hotel instead.
The [Cityroomz] hotel is in the moderate price range and in the centre. It also has internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No just the postcode and phone number will be fine. I need to find a [french] restaurant in the centre as well.
The postcode is cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050.
I need a french restaurant in the same area as well.
There's one restaurant called [Cote], but it's expensive. Would this be fine?
Yes and can I get the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223311053.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Sure, can you help me find a particular hotel?
I have a lot of information about hotels in the area. Do you know what part of the city you would like to go to?
I am looking for information on the [worth house].
Ok the worth house is located in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to know anything else?
Thanks. I need to know about taking a Sunday train from Kings Cross.
I have several trains departing from kings cross on sunday. What is your destination and what time would you like to depart?


I'd like to find a hospital please, it needs to have an [antenatal] department.
Sure. Addenbrookes Hospital has one, their phone number is 01223217671 and address Hills Rd, Cambridge
great thank you!
Have a nice day!


I'm looking for place to go in town in the east area.
Are searching for a restaurant or an attraction to visit?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the east.
In the east area, there are two museums. The Cambridge Artworks has free admission. The Cambridge Museum of Technology offers admission for five pounds.
What's the address and postcode of the [Artworks]? Also, I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Peterborough.
cambridge artworks address 5 greens road postcode, cb13ef. Do you have an arrival or departure preference for the train?
I need to leave after [15:45], and I'm going to Cambridge.
Alright TR2239 leaves Peterborough for Cambridge Thursday at 15:48. It arrives at 16:38. Would you like to book a ticket?
Could you just let me know what the travel time for that is?
Total travel time is 50 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thanks. You have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.
There are two guesthouses meeting your requirements. Would you prefer the 3 or 4 star one?
I need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. Are either one of them fit this description?
Both hotels are moderately priced, but there are no 2 star ratings. Do you want to try a different rating?
Are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?
Yes, there are two guesthouses available with free parking, one with internet and one without. Do you have a preference?
I would like one without the internet.
I'm sorry, there has been a mix up. There are two 2 star hotels available, the Ashley and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels and have internet and free parking.
Let's go with [Ashley]. Book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.
Ok, I have booked your reservation at the Ashley hotel for 8 people 3 nights starting Saturday, Your confirmation number is P94ETSL1 .
I'm looking to go someplace in town. Maybe for entertainment. Do you have any recommendations?
We have serveal entertainment attractions. Would you like to try the funky fun house?
That sounds [funky]. Sure.
The number there is 01223304705 and it's on 8 Mercer's Row. Anything else?
What's the entrance fee?
I have no information in my system about their entrance fee. You are welcome to call them and see if they can provide you with that detail.
I will need a taxi to take me from the [Funky Fun house] to my hotel.
I would be happy to help you get a taxi, what time would you like to leave funky fun house?
I want to leave by [01:30].
I was able to book a taxi for you from Funky Fun House to Ashley Hotel. It is a white BMW and the contact number is 07616230310.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!
It was my pleasure to assist you. Call us again anytime. Have a good day.


Hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?
There are 19 four-star hotels with free parking in Cambridge. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.
[Kirkwood] is a wonderful hotel in the north, would you like a reservation.
Not at this time. Thank you.
Okay thank you for calling.
I am though looking for places to go in the north as well.
Milton Country Park is beautiful this time of year. Or perhaps Riverboat Georgina? They are both in the north.
Milton Country Park sounds nice, can I get their phone number and entrance fee?
Their phone number is 01223420060 and the admission is free.
Thanks for the recommendations. The last thing is I need a taxi between the hotel and [Milton Country Park]. Can you help?
Sure thing. When would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by [14:15]
I booked you a grey volvo. Call them at 07307595781 if anything comes up. What else do you need today?
I actually am all set now! Thanks for being so helpful! Bye now!
I'm glad I could help, have a great time.


I am visiting Cambridge soon and am looking for someplace to go to while there, can you look up attractions for me?
One of the best things about cambridge is all of our attractions! Did you have an area in mind or an attraction type so I can narrow my search?
I'm looking to have a little fun at a nightclub.
The entrance fee of The Fez Club is free.
[Fez Club] is good need postcode and phone number for it,also I want to go to expensive [Chinese] restaurant.
The fez club is located in the center 8 market passage cb23hx, phone number 01223519224. Now, I am searching for the expensive Chinese restaurant.
It doesn't matter what area it's in and I'll be needing a table for monday.
I have about 17 different chinese restaurants. To narrow it down, do you have a preferred price range?
Yes, expensive please.
Okay. I have 9 restaurants in the expensive range. Do you have a particular area you would like to be? [Hakka] is in the north and is very popular.
That would be perfect can I get a reservation for [12:30] on Monday for 3 people?
I am unable to make a reservation. Would you like to try a different time or date?
How about [11:30]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FSXM0KAQ .
Thanks! I would also like a taxi between the two places.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Honda. If you need to reach them, please call 07598905692. Anything else I can help with?
no, thank you very much
You're very welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for attractions in town that are in the architecture category.
Ah, we have some of the most beautiful architecture locally. I have 5 different venues to choose from. All are located in the centre of town.
If you could choose your favorite and provide me the area, postcode and phone # that would be great.
My favorite is Old Schools, which is free to enter. They're located on trinity lane in postcode cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.
There are 4 places that meet your criteria. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place in the south that provides free wifi. Is there anything like that?
All four of the places include free wifi. Is there a particular price range you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
What about free wifi and free parking?
Yes, those 4 places all offer free wifi and free parking.
Can you give me a name of the hotel?
[aylesbray lodge guest house] is in 5 mowbray road
Thank you. Please confirm the number of stars and postal code for aylesbray.
The star rating for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 4 and the postal code is cb17sr. Anything else?
Thank you! That should be all. Goodbye!
If you have any further questions please let us know.


i need a taxi leaving after [11:15] going to [kohinoor]
Where will you leave from?
I will be leaving from [worth house].
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue ford Contact number : 07318036253
Fabulous. Thank you so very much.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I need to find a hospital in town with a [cardiology and coronary care unit].
Addenbrookes Hospital, Address: Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode : CB20QQ. cardiology and coronary care unit 01223256459
Okay thank you for the info.
You are very welcome. Is there any other info I can look up for you today?
That is all. Thank you very much.
OK, just let us know if there is anything else you need.
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. I hope everything is okay.


Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.
I have about 13 options that meet what you need. Is there a price range you prefer?
It would need to be moderately priced please.
I have 11 places that fit that description, do you care about how many stars?
I would like for it to be 3 stars, please.
Okay, how about the [alpha-milton guest house]?
Can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?
I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is AVVXFL9M . Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also find the address for Club Salsa?
63 milton road is the address
I actually need the postcode and phone number for [Club Salsa].
The postcode is cb12jb and the phone number is 07782218745.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? I want to leave by [5:45].
I booked a red volkswagen Contact number : 07746032709 Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Nope, that'll do it! Thank you for all your help!
Okay anytime. Enjoy your visit.


I'm looking for information. I need to find some places to go in town.
I can help with that! Cambridge has lots of different attractions do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
it should be in the south.
how about [tenpin]? it's located in the south.
That should work then. Can I get their address and postcode please?
tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, posrtcode cb17dy. I do not have fee information, but they can be reached at 0871550101.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
There is no option for me to book it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the moderate price range, it also needs to have free parking.
Well, I have a couple of choices for a moderate hotel. They're both in the north and have two stars (and free parking). One is the Ashley Hotel and the other is Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
I'll do the [Ashley Hotel]. I need a room for 5 nights starting on Monday.
Great! How many people will be staying?
It's just me
So just 1 person?
Yeah, like I said, it will just be me staying.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is : 9AA41TBM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get from the hotel and the attraction.
When would you like to leave ashley hotel or arrive at tenpin?
I need to arrive by [21:45].
Booking completed! Lookout for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07652098253. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's everything for me. Thank you!
You are more than welcome! good bye.


Hi, I want to find out about [cambridge book and print gallery] please.
cambridge book and print gallery is a museum found in the Western part of the town. Their postcode is cb39ey.
Great! What is their phone number?
There phone number is 01223694264, they are located at 49 newnham road and best thing is addmisson is free. Can I help you find anything else toay?
I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a place with 4 stars and free parking.
I have found 19 hotels. Is there a particular area of town and hotel star rating you are looking for? Also price range?
I'd like an expensive 4 star guesthouse if that is possible.
[Acorn guest house] is a good match. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Book it as soon as possible.
What day will you be staying there?
Wednesday for 3 nights and 6 people please.
Booking was unsuccessful. kindly book another day or shorter stay.


i need a place to stay.
What area would you like to stay?
We live in the north so something close by.
Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking.
There are several 4 star options as well as a 3 star and also a 0 star option. Do you have a preference?
Whatever is available, please book me for 3 people on 4 night starting monday.
I need more information on your price range.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.
I have found 7 guesthouses that meet your specifications and are in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Sure, coud you find one in the north?
Yes, I found 5 guesthouses they have moderate price range, free parking, 4 stars and 3 stars.Which one will you prefer?
Could you please recommend one?
Okay, I recommend the [Acorn Guest House].
Ok great. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FTFRIGTY . Can I help with anything else?
Yes! I'm also looking for a nightclub in town
What area would you like it to be in?
It does not matter but I would need the entrance fee
I'd recommend [Club Salsa]. It's in the centre and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the attraction at [21:30].
Your taxi is booked. Their contact number is 07080927615 and they will be picking you up in a white lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi.
I have several options for you, but how about the [Acorn Guest House]? It is moderately priced and has free wifi as well as parking.
Sure, that sounds good. Can you book that for me, please?
Okay, I will need to know how many people are staying and the duration please.
Before we continue, can you check if the Acorn Guest House has a star of 4 or not?
Yes certainly. I have checked and the acorn is indeed a 4 star hotel. Would you still like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights starting from Thursday.
Great news! I was able to book you into the Acorn hotel for 4 nights accommodating 5 people. Your reference number is B0WC4956 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant, somewhere not too expensive, but not bottom of the barrel either, something in the mid range.
There are 31. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I would like them to serve [barbecue] food.
I'm sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food. Do you have an alternate cuisine preference?
how about [gastropub] food?
All right, sir, the [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] has gastropub food and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation there?
yes please.book for five, at [1700hrs] or [1600hrs] and get me the reference number
What day would you like to book for?
On Thursday please
Sorry, the restaurant isn't available at 17:00. Do you want to try a different time?
How about [16:00]?
Yes, I have a reservation available for 16:00. Your reference number is GXV1UIFJ . Is there anything else you need?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your extraordinary service!
You are very welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.


Can you give me some information on the [Alpha Milton guesthouse]?
I'd be happy to. They are one of our newest guesthouses in the north. They are moderately priced and are 3 star rated. They do not offer free wifi or parking.
book for 1 person 2 nights from tuesday
Your Reference number is : ZNDCQG9R . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre
I have to cotto that meats those requirements they serve british food.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre. The restaurant should serve [modern european] food
[riverside brasserie] looks lovely. would you like a reservatioN?
Yes please. Can I get one for Thursday at [17:00] for 6?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is EU6J389K . Anything else I can help with?
That should be it. Thank you.
You are more than welcome!


I need a train that leaves Cambridge at [21:30]
And what is your destination for that trip?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street
I found 14 trains. What day do you want to travel?
Thrusday. Can I also ask the price of these trains?
The price is 16.60 pounds. I have 2 matching trains. One arrives by 23:27 and the other arrives by 01:27. Do you want to book either?
No thank you. I am interested in finding an expensive place to eat in the centre of town. Any recommendations?
I have many restaurants like that. What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I am looking to book a table for 2 at [12:45] on Thursday at a [thai] restaurant.
The only expensive Thai restaurant in the center, [Bangkok City], doesn't have any availability at that time. Would you like to try something else?
Can you change the booking time to [11:45], and try again?
Alright, you're booked at 11:45 at the [Meze Bar] Restaurant. Your reference number is UXHS88M3 . Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's everything I needed. Thank You!
Thank You! Goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.
I have ten different possible locations for you that are cheap and have free parking. Is there anything else to narrow down your selection, such as area?
Do any of those offer free wifi as well?
Yes, all of them include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
The area does not matter to me, but I need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this Sunday.
I'm sorry but it looks like all the hotels are booked on those days. Would you like to change the start date or number of days?
Would I be able to book for two nights?
Yes. I have you booked at [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] for two night for 6 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is MTXCH8MN .
Are there any nightclubs in the east side of town?
There are no nightclubs in that part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a museum in the east instead?
There are four museums in that area: Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, may I have the phone numbers to those museums?
Sure. Artworks is 01223902168, Museum of Tech is 01223368650, Gallery is 01223295264, and Barnabas is 01223902116. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a place to see, can you help?
I certainly can. Is there a type of attraction that interests you?
I'm interested in the [mumford theatre].
It's located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road in the centre of town. The phone number is 08451962320 and the postcode is cb11pt. Do you need more help?
I am also looking for a hotel called the [Aylesbray Lodge guest house] near by.
The aylesbray lodge is on 5 mowbray road. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
what type of hotel is it?
it is a guest house
Do they have internet?
Yes they have free internet.
Great. Thank you for all the information. I appreciate it. I think that's it for today. Thanks and goodbye.
Glad to have helped.


I am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi
I have two hotels in that category. Both are expensive and have 3 stars each. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
Either one is fine. How about the South?
[The Lensfield Hotel] would be the place then. It's expensive, 3-star rated with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just getting information. That's all I need.
Okay. Let us know if you need help booking!
Actually my wife says it's better to book it. Can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from monday?
The hotel is booked and the reference number is H3MWAYDX . Your wife can sleep calm now.
fantastic! have a good day I will let you know!
enjoy your stay, bye!


Where can I find the [galleria] restaurant?
Sure. The Galleria Restaurant is located at 33 Bridge Street. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you set up a reservation for 2, at [14:00] on Tuesday?
That reservation has been made. The reference number is E2JBIHKC .
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Kings Lynn to cambridge
What day will you travel?
I need it for Tuesday I want to arrive by [14:45].
Train TR9102 leaves at 5:11,would you like me to book it for you ?
Actually I need to arrive by [11:45], sorry. What's the closest arriving to that time?
TR1704 arrives in Cambridge on Tuesday by 10:58, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number
The reference number for your train booking is HWIMEWD3 . Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you very much.
Great, it was my pleasure! Goodbye, until next time!


I need a train departing from cambridge after [09:30].
There are many trains departing Cambridge after 9:30. To what destination would you like to travel and on which day?
I would like to go to Norwich on Monday.
Trains leave hourly to Norwich. The closest time available is TR8495, departing 09:36 and arriving 10:55, with duration 79 minutes and price 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book this one?
Yes Please book TR8495.
How many tickets do you need?
I need 6 tickets for the train ride please. May I also have the reference number?
The booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WREO6QXS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in Norwich please.
Okay to clarify, do you need a hotel in cambridge? And if so, do you have a certain part of town in mind?
Yes, in Cambridge, my mistake. I do say, all this travel is messing with my head... Please find a 4 star guesthouse north of Cambridge, with free parking I might add.
I have one inexpensive guesthouse available in north Cambridge and several moderately priced ones. Do you have a preference?
Can you choose one of the moderately priced ones for me, please?
Absolutely, what day would you like to book this for?
I'm not quite ready to book yet, could you just provide their information for me?
Yes the Acorn Guest House is popular and nice. They have both wifi and parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road. And their telephone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.


I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, there are a lots of options. What type of food would you like to eat?
[Belgian] food please
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
Ok, how about [Chinese] food then?
How about Tang Chinese? They are an expensive Chinese restaurant at Napier Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation. Just the phone number and post code please.
their phone number is 01223357187. and port code is cb11hr
Great! Thanks so much.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything further I can assist you with?
No that is all. Thanks
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to dine that serves [welsh] food.
There are none in the area that serves Welsh food, would you like to look for another type of cuisine?
Is there one that serves [Italian] food?
There are 15 italian restaurants. Do you have preference in food price or area?
I'd like a moderate price range, please.
I have 5 moderately priced Italian restaurants. Do you have a preference on area, they are spread around the east, west, south, and centre.
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to book a table for 6 people at [16:45] on wednesday.
You are booked into [Prezzo] which is moderately priced on the west side. Your reference number is G2FIPHUL . Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a place to go, anything with architecture.
I have found 5 attractions. They are all in the centre. Would you like to visit all saints church?
That sounds great to me. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and area please?
Sure! The phone number is 01223452587, the postcode is cb58bs, and that is in the centre area.
Great! I think you've covered it all. I don't need anything else. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Just let us know if you need any further assistance. Have a great day!


I am hoping you can help me with my planning. I am trying to find information on the trains.
I can definitely help you with that. Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.
I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by [13:15].
TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
No. Can you help me find a very cheap, not shabby hotel that has free parking?
I have a lot of great choices to offer you. Do you have a preference to what part of Cambridge you'd like to stay in?
itshould be in the centre
There are two guesthouses: [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], and El Shaddai. Would you like to stay in one of those guesthouses?
Which one of them has free wifi?
Both facilities do.
book for 2 people for 2 nights from wednesday
I made your reservation for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast. Your reference number is 8JX02F2T . Is there anything else I can do?
Sorry, can you actually book it for 3 people for 2 nights, please?
Your booking has been changed. Your new reference number is FVTMM086 .
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for an upscale restaurant in the Centre.
I can certainly help you. Do you have any preferences regarding the type of cuisine?
I would like on that serves [chinese] food.
I found four options- one is the ugly duckling. Would you like the other choices?
The [Ugly Duckling] sounds fine. Could you reserve a table for one on Wednesday at [12:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : T1LQED6V . anything else?
Yes, I want to find a place to visit in the same area. Are there any cinemas?
[Vue Cinema] is located in the centre. Would you like the phone number or address?
How much is the entrance fee?
I am sorry I don't have that info, anything else today?
That's alright, I don't need anything further. Goodbye! Thanks!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!


Hi, I need a train leaving Cambridge after [14:30].
There is a train leaving Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Friday at 15:01 for 75.10 pounds. The trip will take 163 minutes.
Excellent. Can you assist me in booking a ticket?
Certainly. Your reference number is KPFTA841 .
Wait...I didn't specify how many people. Can I cancel KPFTA841?
Sure, how many tickets do you want?
I need it for 8 people
All right sir. I've booked it for eight people. Your reference number is ZN7ZX8O2 .
Can you recommend a fun place to visit while I am in town?
One of my favorites is in the centre part of town and it's a museum called [Scott Polar Museum]. It is free. Is that of interest to you?
Yes could I please get the phone number?
Sure - their phone number is 01223336540.
That's all I need today.
Thank and enjoy !
I will. Thanks for your help!
thanks for inquiring with us


I would like to book a train for Thursday after [20:45]. Can you help?
No problem! Where will you be departing from and where is the destination?
I need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.
TR6336 departs at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07 for 10.10 pounds. Do you wish to book this one?
Sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? I will need the reference number, thank you.
Your Reference number is : VCAW5JNF . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I have heard wonderful things about the [autumn house] hotel. Could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?
Sure. Autumn House is a cheap, guesthouse type hotel in he east part of town. It has 4 stars.
Perfect thanks for such great help
You're welcome. Would you like a booking or any other information?
Could I please have the phone number for the Autumn House?
Sure! The number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. But thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip!


I was robbed and I am looking for help
You need to go to the police station at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Can you give me the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223358966. Can I do anything else for you?
No that is all. Thank you for all your help.
welcome. at your service next time
Thank you. Goodbye.
most welcome, have a good day


I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving [mediterranean] food.
I have found two expensive mediterranean restaurants, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Both are in the centre area. Would you like more information on either one of these restaurants?
Is there anything else?
No sir. That's all I have
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!


I would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.
express by holiday inn cambridge meets your criteria.
Does it have 4 stars?
I am sorry, but that hotel does not have a 4 star rating, would you like another option?
Is there a [4 star] [guesthouse] in the east?
there are 5 four star guesthouses in the east
Can I book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?
Great, you're booked with reference number Y5Z7GN2R . Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a [gastropub] near the hotel.
How about [Royal Standard]? It's a gastropub located at 290 Mill Road City Centre
Excellent. One more thing: is that in the expensive price range?
Yes, royal standard is an expensive gastropub.
Terrific. Can you book a table for the same group of people at [11:45] on the same day and provide me with the reference number?
Booking was successful for the [royal standard]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 4W94X4GE . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by [11:45]
I've booked you a taxi from "a and b guest house" to "royal standard." The car is a blue audi and the Contact number is 07009978153.
Great! I think that's all I need today. Thank you for you help!
Thank you for using our service. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance.


Yes I am looking for a guesthouse that is cheap to stay in Cambridge in.
[alexander bed and breakfast] on 56 saint barnabas road is available. Would you like me to book it.
Does it include free parking and wifi?
Yes, it has free Internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes please, I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting sunday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is M9T2LMXS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for an [Indian] restaurant and is located in the centre.
I have found 9 Indian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant in centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, I just need the address including post code.
The postcode is cb12as and it is located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thanks so much for your help. There's nothing more, bye!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!


Yes, i was wondering if there are any cinemas in the centre of town.
[Vue Cinema] is in the center of town.
Can i get their phone number?
The number is 08712240240. Is there anything else can I do?
Thank you. I am all set.
You are welcome. Have a nice day!


In the west part of town, are there any upscale pricey restaurants?
Yes, there are 9. What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky; do you have a favorite? I'd appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address. Thanks!
I would suggest [Graffiti], it is british food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need the address.
Here is the address you are looking for, Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Great, I think that's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.
You're very welcome, I hope you have a great dinner. Is there anything else at all that I can assist you with?
Nope, as I said, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our services.


Thank you.I am looking for a guest house .I am also looking for one that is rather cheap.
I have 5 cheap guesthouses available. Do you have any other requirements for location or amenities?
The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 3.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find a match.
advic me on any other option
Would you like to try a hotel?
No, how about a moderate-price guesthouse, please. Try that.
Hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with 3 stars and free wifi and parking. Do you want to make reservations?
Can I just get the phone number instead please?
Of course. The Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else you'd like to know, or anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. good bye.
Have a great day!


i want to book a taxi.
Where is your departure and destination locations?
I need to leave [vue cinema] and arrive at [clowns cafe] by [11:30].
Okay, I have a white volvo for you with the contact number 07119414615. Anything else?
No thanks that will be all. Thank you for your time.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


I need a hospital that have a pediatric [day unit].
Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd., Cambridge should meet your needs. I have two phone numbers for paediatric day unit, 01223217567 and 01223257157. Is there any other information you need?
Nope that should do it!
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.
Actually, can you give me the postcode - I can't find it on my phone.
For sure - it's CB20QQ
awesome, thats all, see you!
ask me anytime, hope you will feel better!


Hi, I want a [French] restaurant in the expensive price range.
Cote is a French restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range.
Could you please find me a different restaurant?
Another option is [Restaurant Two Two]. Would you like more information on that restaurant?
What is the phone number and postcode?
the phone is 01223 351880 and the postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
Thank you goodbye.
Enjoy your meal. Goodbye.
Bye.
Thank you and have a great day!


Can you recommend any colleges in the Centre of town, please?
Sure, there are 18 colleges. What part of town are you interested in going to? I recommend [christ's college] and it's free admission.
Is that in the centre of town? I definitely want to visit a college in the centre.
Yes it is in the centre and will make your wildest dreams come true, would you like more information on them?
Do they have an entrance fee?
They do not - admission is free.
Can you give me the post code?
Their postal code is cb23bu. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. Free wifi, please. Expensive price range. Don't need free parking.
There are 2 hotels in centre that are espensive what star rating do you want?
No particular price range.
The two hotels are the Gonville on Gonville Place, and the University Arms on Regent Street.
Ok, can you recommend one and give me the postcode and phone number.
I recommend the [Gonville hotel]. The postal code is cb11ly.
What is the phone number?
You can reach the [Gonville Hotel] at 01223366611.
Great I also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by [11:00]
Okay and what is the destination please?
I would like to go to [Christ's College], please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : white skoda Contact number : 07192870240
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
You are welcome. Enjoy your day too.


I'm looking for an attraction in the east.
There are several attractions available in the east. Is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Hook me up with the spot you like best, just be sure to tell me what it is, where it is, and what it will cost me, yo.
I like the [Cambridge artworks]- it's a museum at 5 greens road and it has free admission.
That sounds, good, what is the postcode?
The postal code is cb13ef. Would you like for me to get you tickets?
No that's all I needed with that. i also need a train leaving after [12:15] heading to kings lynn.
There are 77 trains, where will you be departing from and what time?
I need to depart from Cambridge and I need to leave after 12:15 to go to King's Lynn
Do you have a day in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday. Can you tell me how much that will cost?
The first train after 12:15 on Sunday leaves at 13:11, and then there are trains every hour. Does the first one work or would you like a later one?
I'll take the first train at 13:11. Can I pay you over the phone with my debit card?
First I will need to know how many passengers will be traveling?
Just myself. What is the cost?
The cost is 7.84 pounds.
Thank you, that's all.
Ok, get back in touch if you need a booking.


Could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after [8:45]?
Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are headed to?
Certainly. I need to travel from Leicester to Cambridge.
The first train after 08:45 is the TR1672, which leaves at 09:09.
I need it for four people please.
Of course. Your reference number is TE5QEU4H . The total is 151.19 payable at the station.
Great thank you I also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.
There are several guesthouses in the moderate price rance. I can recommend the Archway House. They're in the north, have 4 stars, and offer both free wifi and parking.
Can you find one in the south, actually?
I have the aylesbray lodge guest house or the bridge guest house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Can you try booking at the [Aylesbray lodge] for 2 nights, and may I have the postal code?
How many guest will be staying with you at the lodge? Will the booking be for 4 guests also?
I actually think I will book myself later. If I could just get the postal code and if they have internet?
The postal code is cb17sr. They do have internet. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No that's all the info I needed. Thanks for all your help
Okay, have a good day.


Hi, I'm looking for a [Basque] restaurant in the west part of town.
I don't see any Basque restaurants. Is there another type of food you might like?
How about [british]?
[Graffiti] is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
I need the address and phone number, please.
Graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and you can phone them at 01223 277977. Do you need additional information?
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the west part of town
No, thanks. I have everything I need. Goodbye.
Goodbye.


Do you have a phone number for the police?
Yes, call them at 01223358966
What is the address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You can contact Parkside Police Station in Parksid, Cambridge, CB11JG at telephone number: 01223358966.


Hi. Can you help me find a train?
Sure, where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from Liverpool Street. On Sunday.
I have many trains leaving and arriving all day. Do you have a preference for time of travel?
I need to leave after [11:15].
The TR9025 leaves at 11:59 and gets you into London Liverpool Street by 13:27. Would you like to book it?
I need to know the price and travel time please
The train will cost 13.28 pounds a ticket and leaves at 11:59.
Thanks I'm also looking for a restaurant called [Charlie Chan] can you find some information for me?
Charlie chan is a cheap chinese reasurant in the centre. Phone number is: 01223361763 postcode :cb21db Address: Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else?
That would be all thanks !
Enjoy your meal sir and you are welcome.


I am traveling to Cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions. I am looking for a museum in the west part of town.
There are 7 options, the first is [cafe jello gallery] located at 13 magdalene street, phone number 01223312112. Would that work?
That would work well for me can I get their entrance fee and postcode as well?
Yes, the postcode is cb30af. Entrance is free! What else can I help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a hotel called the [Lovell Lodge]. Can you help me find information about this hotel?
Sure thing! Lovell lodge is located in the north at 365 milton road. What else would you like to know?
Does Lovell Lodge have free internet, and may I ask what star rating it has? Thank you for checking this for me.
2 stars. Yes it has free internet.
Thanks! I will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by [24:30]. Can you help with that?
It will be a grey Audi, and the contact number is 07486491137. Will that be all today?
Yes, that's all. Goodbye!
Thank you, and have a nice day!


I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
I have 2 options for expensive hotels. One at kingfisher way, huntingdon. The other is at regent street. Would you like to consider one of these?
I need one in the north and a guesthouse.
There are no guesthouses in the north that meet your criteria. Can I check for hotels or another area perhaps?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the moderate price range instead?
There are seven of them. I can recommend the archway house if you would like It has free internet and parking.
Oh great thanks, that's all I needed!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hold on, is there any trains leaving Cambridge that arrives by [11:30]?
to what destination? there is one to London Liverpool street arriving at 09:27, will that do?


Hi. I am looking for a good attraction in the east part of town.
I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, would you like any information about that?
Yes. What is the postcode and phone number?
The phone number is 01223368650, and the code is cb58ld. is that all?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by [13:45].
What day will you be traveling, and what is your destination?
Tuesday, Cambridge to Brouxbourne.
There are 8 trains for you to choose from, do you have a specific departure time you'd prefer?
Not particularly, there will be 3 of us.
Booking was successful. Train ID is TR2368. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: K7SSYP8J . Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
You're very welcome. Text us back anytime!


I be traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?
Would you prefer a guesthouse? The acorn guest house is in the north and moderately priced. 4 starts with free internet and parking
I would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the moderate price range and doesn't need to have free parking, but needs wifi
Sure! I found [ashley hotel]. It is located at 74 chesterton road. Would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds like a good place. I appreciate the information.
You're welcome. Would you like a room, or perhaps I could help you with something else?
Yes, can you tell me the star rating of that hotel?
It has 2 stars.
Thanks, I also need a restaurant in the Centre that serves [European] food. It needs to be in the same price range as hotel.
How about the [Galleria]?
Sounds good. I would like to make a reservation for Friday at [17:15] for 4 people.
Okay I was able to make you a reservation and your reference number is DWMSURSO .
Could you also book me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?
Where will you be departing from?
From the hotel. I would like to get a contact number for the taxi also, just in case something changes.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Their contact number is 07236475648. That will be a yellow honda. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you goodbye
Thank you for using our system today!


I need to find the nearest hospital please.
I have an Addenbrookes Hospital, would that be okay?
I need the address, postcode, and phone number.
The address is Hills Road, Cambridge. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is there a specific department you'd like to call?
No, that will be all. Thanks, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


Hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves [polish] food.
There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to look for Polish food in another area?
Yes please. I would just need it to be in the cheap price range.
I do not have any polish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like a different restaurant or cuisine?
Yes, let's try [italian] food.
Great. Da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Book a table for 1 person at [16:00] on Saturday.
I'm sorry the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another cuisine or different area?
I'd like a restaurant in the same area and price range. It doesn't matter what cuisine.
Booking was successful at [royal spice]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KEJQJLSS .
Thank you, that was all I needed.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve [persian] food
I am sorry. There are no person food eateries in the centre. Would you like to find a different type of food?
Yes, I am looking for a moderate price range.
I'm sorry, we have no persian restaurants in the centre.
What about [modern european] foods?
[Riverside brasserie] looks good. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I want a reservation for 8 people at [16:00] on Sunday.
Sorry, the restaurant doesn't have any openings for that date and time.
ok. ill check latter
Alright. Have a good day.


I would like a moderately priced [Indian] food please.
I have 4 different indian restaurants all over the city. Is there a certain area you prefer?
How about the west? I will need a table for 4 on Friday at [13:15].
The only moderate Indian restaurant in that area is [Meghna], and they are not available for that time. Can I try something else?
Is there anything available for [12:15] on Friday?
Yes, that worked. You are set for [12:15] and the reference number is ABC08P2A . Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to take me there.
Can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so I can book your taxi?
Nevermind, I'm sorry. I think I'm all set.
Alrighty. Have a good day!


I would like to visit a museum in the east.
I have about 4 different ones. I would definitely say that Cambridge Artworks is one of the best. They have excellent exhibits.
Sounds good, what is the postcode for the [Cambridge Artworks]?
Sure. The postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks. Can you tell me if there are any trains that could get me to Cambridge by [13:00]?
Sure, where are you departing from, and what day are you traveling?
I'm flying in to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
There are 8 to choose from, and the soonest departure is TR9892, which leaves at 05:24. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
That seems to work. I need 6 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JC1Q1FZW .
That should be all for today. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [kosher] food.
In which area would you like to find a Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range?
I do not care about the location.
There are no Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there another food type or price range that you would like?
How about [Korean] food in the expensive price range?
There is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre area of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address please.
The address of Little Seoul Korean restaurant is 108 Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P
Thank you. That is all of the info that I needed. Good bye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


I'm looking for the [cambridge and county folk museum].
the cambridge and county folk museum is located 2-3 castle street
Thanks, can you also give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?
The fee is 3.5 pounds, the number is 01223355159, and the code is cb30aq.
I also need a place to stay.
Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by the area, price range, or type?
Do you have any 0 star places?
I have 2 guesthouses and 1 hotel that are 0 stars, do you have a preference or want a particular area of town?
Is there one in the moderate price range?
Yes, [Cityroomz] is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. There will be 7 of us.
I'd be happy to make a reservation for the 7 of you. I will need to know what day to start your reservation and for how many nights, please.
I'd like to start on Friday please and stay for 3 nights. I will also need the reference number.
Your reservation for 7 people at Cityroomz this friday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SOF4G9MY . Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, and thanks so much for your help.
Have a nice day.


i am looking for a train going to birmingham new street and should leave on thursday
Where will you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge and want the train to arrive by [17:15].
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter, just as long as it arrive by 17:15.
How about train TR5961?
tell me the price and travel time please
05:01 07:44 75.10 pounds 163 minutes there you go
Thank you for your help
You are welcome. Have a nice train ride.


I am injured and need a hospital close by.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No partricular [department], however I do need the phone number, address and postcode please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 0122324515. Do you need anything else?
That is all, thank you.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and do call us again.
Thanks again, and Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.
I have 10 options available. Is there a particular time you wish to depart?
Yes, I have to leave Cambridge and arrive by [19:45] in Stevenage.
TR5695 departs at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10. Can I book that for you?
Yes please, just myself. Can you please provide the reference number as well?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 26IZGBI5 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel as well.
OK, where are you wanting the hotel to be at, or do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in?
No price range,please book me a place and I need postcode
What type of lodging would you prefer? And in which area?
Actually I think I've heard of a specific place - the [Bridge Guest House]? Do you have any info on them?
The bridge guest house is located in the south and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. But can you provide me with their postcode?
Sure, the postcode is cb28rj. Anything else I can get you today?
No that is all the information I needed. Thank you for all your help. Goodbye
Your welcome, good bye


I need a four star room, free parking too.
Are you looking for a hotel? There are 19 4 star hotels that offer free parking. Do you have a price range or area of town you want to stay?
The hotel should be in the West side of town.
There are 3 four star locations to choose from: Finches Bed and Breakfast, the [Huntingdon Marriot], and the Cambridge Belfry. The Huntingdon is listed as expensive while the others are cheap.
Could I book the Marriot for 4 people starting on Wednesday? It would be for 5 nights.
Yes, I will book 5 nights at The Marriot for 4 people starting Wednesday. Anything else I can do for you?
May I have the reference number for the booking please?
I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful, the hotel is booked. Do you want me to check one of the other hotels?
Yes a hotel that is near that one.
The cambridge bellfry has availability. Will that do?
I'd prefer something in the same price range as the Marriott. It's all going on an expense report anyway, no reason to be stingy.
I am sorry. The Huntington Marriott is not available for those days. Would you like to try another hotel?
Is there anything in the same price range you could try?
I reserved a room at the expensive 4 star [University Arms Hotel]. It is in the city centre though. Reference number is A3SLP7HG . Is there anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need!
Great. I was happy to help. Good-Bye!


Am looking for hospital in town it should have the [trauma high dependency unit] department.
Addenbrokes Hospital has a trauma high dependency unit department. The contact number is 01223216305.
Great, thank you for the help.
Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
You are most welcome!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
I have both an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I don't care book a table for 5 people at [15:30] on friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YW1NYRXC .
Cool thank you. I'm all set for now.
Thanks for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


Have you ever heard of the hotel [Avalon]?
It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information?
Yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday?
Unfortunately it is unavailable for those days and time frame. Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
How about just one night instead? I really want to try this hotel.
You got it. Your reference number for 1 night is EC7FMNHC . Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train that goes from Cambridge to Broxbourne, are there any available?
Wen do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave Wednesday after [09:45], please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PFUSQZIX .
What is the arrival time and train ID?
The train ID is TR6851. The arrival time will be 11:01.
Than you for your help! That is all I need.
Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


I am looking for [regency gallery]. Can you tell me where it is located?
The regency gallery address is 39 fitzroy street in the centre area.
Okay, what kind of place is it?
It is a museum. Would you like the phone number?
Maybe. Unless you can just tell me what the entrance fee is and then I won't need it?
Fortunately, it is free entry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like a place to stay, too, please.
I'm happy to help. Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I'd like a room in the north please
There are 13 different places to stay, do you have a preference on price or amenities?
I would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.
Unfortunately, I can't find any openings for those nights in the north. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No. Is there availability for 1 night?
You're in luck. I've got a room available for saturday at the [acorn guest house] for 6 people. It's booked, your reference # is 3IX7EGRG .
Okay. Can you book me a taxi as well? I want to leave the hotel by [04:00].
Where would you like to go?
I'd like to commute between the two places.
Ok I booked you a taxi to leave the acorn guest house at 4:00. The car will be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07424241550.
Wonderful, you've been very helpful! That's all I need for today, thank you!
Great, thanks for using our service. have a great day.


I am looking for a restaurant called the [Slug and Lettuce].
I found a listing for the Slug and Lettuce. The address is 34 - 35 Green Street in the center of town. It serves [gastropub] food.
that sounds great. Could you make a reservation at [16:00] for 2 people this Saturday?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time?
Yes, is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range?
I have [Backstreet Bistro] and The Cow Pizza Kitchen Bar. They both serve gastropub food. Which one do you prefer?
Nah, either one is fine. I need a reference number though.
Ok, I have booked you at the backstreet bistro. Reference number 42VFS0SM . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!
Okay. Glad I could help.


Hi! Can you help me figure out some train schedules? I need to travel by train on Tuesday, and I need to arrive at my destination by [19:00].
Can you tell me your destination and departure locations, please?
Yes I am leaving Cambridge for Stansted Airport.
I have train TR7743 that will arrive by 18:08, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
whats the price of tickets?
10.10 pounds, per ticket.
Perfect. I also need to book a museum in the west. What options do you have?
I have many options! Cage jello gallery, cambridge and couny folk museum, kettle's yard and lynne strover gallery to name a few. Do any of those stand out?
Yeah can you give me the Cage [jello gallery's] address, phone number and postcode please?
Cafe jello is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Post code is cb30af. The phone number is 01223355159.
Thank so much!
Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes, I also need the travel time for the train TR7743.
The travel time is 28 minutes.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.
If that is all you need today you are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.


Can you find me a train going to london liverpool street arriving by [21:45]?
I sure can. What day were you hoping to travel?
The train should leave on Friday.
There is a train leaving at 5:59 on Friday.
How long will the trip take?
The trip will take around 88 minutes. What else would you like to know?
When I get to Cambridge, I'd like to see some attractions in the centre of town. What is there to see and do?
We have 44 attractions. What type of attraction would you like?
I don't have a preference can you suggest something?
I would like to recommend [holy trinity church] as it is beautiful architecture.
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223355397. Would you also like their address?
No just the postcode and entrance fee, if available.
Admission is free and their postcode is cb23nz. What else can I help you with?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping
thanks for using our services. good day


I want an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
i have booked you the indian serving restaurant called the golden curry
sorry but i wanted [the americas] food.
I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants serving american food in the centre. Would you like to try another type?
Hmmm, okay, I'm craving [Thai] food so find me a restaurant that serves that
I have one listing for [bangkok city] does that sound good to you?
Yes, please. Make me a reservation for 4 people at [13:30] on thursday, please.
Booking is set, the reference number is P05U7TA8 . Any further questions?
I need places to go in the same area.
What ype of attraction are you looking for?
I don't have a preference. Do you have any suggestions of stuff near the restaurant?
How about the [All Saint's Church]? Admission is free.
Thank you so much, I need a taxi from the church to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booked time.
I booked your taxi. Be on the look out for a blue Lexus. The reference number is 07817263576. How else may I assist you?
No thank you that will be all
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day!


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
sure, i have so many options for you!
Great, what would you recommend for me?
I would recommend [Bedouin,which] serves African food and is in the expensive price range.
Can you give me addresss and phone number please
Bedouis is located in the centre of town. Their address is 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660
Thanks for that. I also need a train to bishops stortford from cambridge. I need it to leave from cambridge on Friday.
Did you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive at Bishops by [14:45].
I'm afraid there is no record for such trains, should we try for a different time?
Any arrival time would work so long as it gets to Bishops before 14:45.
TR8585 leaves cambridge at 13:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 14:07. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No but I am looking for a [Lebanese] restaurant in the city's center.
[Ali Baba] is the only lebanese restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds great. I need to book it for 5 people at [11:45] on Friday. Can I get the reference number please?
You're all set. Ali baba will be expecting the 5 of you at 11:45 on Friday. Your Reference number is : UHPZFTUK .
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our service today!


I need help finding a particular hotel.
Would you like to tell me the name of that hotel?
The [Worth House] is what I'm looking for.
Worth house is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the north part of town.
All right. Could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 4 nights beginning Friday?
They do and the Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZN1NTVHW .
I would also appreciate it if you could help me find a cheap restaurant serving food from [Corsica]
I'm sorry. I'm not able to find any restaurants that fit your needs. Would you like to try a different food type?
That's okay. How about [Italian] food?
There are a few. The [Da Vinci Pizzeria] is cheap. It's in the north part of town so it shouldn't be too far from Worth House. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for Friday at [19:00] for 6 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJ947G87 . Do you need help with anything else today?
No that would be it. Thanks !
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi, I am planning a trip. Have you heard of a particular hotel? I think it is called the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast].
Yes, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 138 Perne Road. Very nice and clean place.
Great! I need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on Thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KYWFGUNH .
Thank you. I also need to find an attraction in the Centre. Can you help me with that.
I sure can! There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preferred type?
Can you pick one for me and give me the address ?
[All Saints Church] is an architecture interest and has free admission. It is located on Jesus Lane.
Can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the Church at 1[5:15] and take me to the hotel? I'll need car type and contact number
The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07570056398.
Thank you so much, that is everything that i need
I hope you have a great time.


Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
I have many types of restaurants in the center. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like [african] food.
I highly recommend [bedouin] located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive range. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes, please. for 7 people starting at [11:15] on sunday.
I was able to book the table for you, your reference number is 1CRCO6HT they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anymore assistance?
I would also like to find a train that would arrive at [19:45] and depart from Cambridge.
What is your destination and travel day?
train should go to kings lynn and should leave on monday
Your best bet would be TR7803, leaving Cambridge at 18:11 and arriving King's Lynn at 18:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please that sounds good!
how many tickets should i book you for?
i apologize. i dont need to book tickets. but can i please get the travel time.
The travel time is 47 minutes.
Thanks. That's really all I need. Goodbye.
your welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help finding a particular attraction.
Sure what type of attraction can I help you find?
I would like a museum in the west please.
[Kettle's yard] is found in Castle street. Their entrance fee is free.
Can I get the phone number for that one?
the phone number is 01223748100.
Thank you. Could you also find a guesthouse with a four star rating and free parking?
Is there a certain area you'd like it to be in or would you like me to make a recommendation?
Whatever you recommend will work. It need it booked for Wednesday, 2 nights, 7 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.
I booked a room at the [Acorn Guest House]. Your reference number is P11X2D77 .
thanks. you were very helpful. goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


I need a theatre in the centre of town.
I found four theaters. Would you like to try the ADC Theatre?
That sounds good, I need the postcode and the entrance fee as well please.
The postcode is cb58as. Unfortunately, the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number so you can call them to ask?
Sure, I also need a train that leaves from Cambridge and arrives by [16:45].
Adc theatre's phone is 01223300085. There are 819 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I would like to travel to Leicester on Sunday. Can you arrange this trip?
I found one that leaves at 05:21 would that work for you?
Well, I need to arrive by 16:45, and want to depart from Cambridge. Does that one match my request?
Yes it does, it's train TR2025 if you'd like to book.
Yes please book that for 2 people.
Sure, your reference number is LGM5AGUR . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that covers it all, thanks for your help.
Of course, have a great day.


Hi, I need a train that departs from cambridge. I need to leave after [15:00].
There are many trains that depart Cambridge at that time, what day do you need the train and where are you going?
i am going to peterborough on tuesday.
I have 18 trains available. What time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by [18:00] if possible.
I have train TR6357 that leaves at 17:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 17:56. Would that work for you?
Thanks. I also need a place to stay. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking?
Would you like me to book the train? There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking do you have an area you'd like to stay or price range?
I'll deal with the train, thank you. I want a fancy expensive guesthouse, does that narrow it down any?
I have no expensive guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there another price range you would be willing to accommodate?
Please try for something in the cheap price range.
There are many guest houses that fit this criteria, do you wish to stay in a certain area?
I don't know the area. Can you suggest something for me?
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is lovely. Would you like me to reserve rooms for you?
Yes for Sunday for 3 nights for 3 people please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MS9KDSFF . Is there anything else I can help with ?
No. Thank you!!
I hope you have a great trip.
Thanks for your help today.
Not a problem! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!
It was my pleasure.
ok cool go away now
Yes. Let us know if you need help.


Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?
I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after [16:15]. Does this help?
The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.
Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.
It will arrive by 19:07. Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.
the travel time is 88 minutes.
Thanks, I actually don't want to book just yet. I do need a place to stay though. Could you please suggest a hotel in a moderate price range?
I found few hotel for you but before I make a reservation, do prefer it have Internet or parking option ?
Yes, it will need to have free parking and free internet please
Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for something in the North.
I see 9 options here. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I think I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please.
I have 2 in that area. They are Ashley hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to make reservations for one of these?
I like the sound of the [Lovell Lodge].
Great, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. There will be 7 people staying for 4 nights
I have you booked as requested starting on wednesday, the reference number is ZFBJXY09 any other questions today?
That is everything, thank you for your assistance.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good Bye.


I'm looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking.
I have 5 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
I think I would like it near the centre. Does it have free parking? I would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 3 star hotel.
I have a listing for gonville hotel but it is expensive, I have looked in other areas and the cheapest are moderate.
What hotels are available in the moderate price range?
I'm sorry there are no hotel that are moderate in the Centre of the city. Would you like a different part of town?
No. Are there any guest houses in that range?
I'm afraid not. Perhaps a different star rating?
I'm sorry. Could you just find me one with free parking, a 3 star, moderate. I don't care where it is located.
There are 3 including [bridge guest house].
OK, can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on sunday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
Do you care whether it is in the same area or not?
No, the area is not important. Just the same price range, if you can find anything.
I have you booked at [Hamilton Lodge]. The reference number is TGSVA9OC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Enjoy your stay at the hamilton lodge. Have a great day.


I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge on Saturday.
Sure can you tell me where you are heding for and what time you would lie to leave or get there?
The train should leave after [16:00] and should depart from london liverpool street
I'm a little confused, you said you are departing from both Cambridge and London Liverpool street. Are you sure isn't your destination?
Sorry, I'm departing from london liverpool street.
There are four trains on Saturday with that route that leave after 16:00. Your options are 17:39, 19:39, 21:39 and 23:39. The duration of the ride is 88 minutes.
Can I get the price on one of those please?
Each of those trips is 13.28 pounds. Would you like for me to book one for you?
No thank you. Please give me information on the attraction [Jesus Green Outdoor Pool].
Yes its located between Victoria Road and the River


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge city centre.
There are many moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes I am interested in [British] food.
There are four great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend the [copper kettle] located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
What is the phone number and postcode there?
You can reach The Copper Kettle at 01223365068. Their postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. I was thinking maybe a nightclub.
There are 5 nighclubs in the Centre. May I suggest The Fez Club?
That sounds great, can I please get the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223519224 and postcode is cb23hx. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll also need a taxi. It should leave The [Fez] by [1:00]. Please include the contact number and car type.
Where are you going? I can help you book a taxi once you give me your destination
I'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. I need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.
I have booked that taxi look for a yellow honda. The contact number is 07354152897.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice day.


I'd really like to find a moderately priced guesthouse.
May I suggest the Carolina Bed and Breakfast? It's located in the east and has 4 stars. There is parking and internet with this as well.
I am looking for a guesthouse in the moderate price range which includes free parking.
I'd suggest [acorn guest house]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, let's book a room here.
When would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house?
Any time is fine. What area is it located?
The north park of town,would you like me to book it for you ?
Hm, I think I want to hold off on a booking. But I do need to book a place to eat. I think I'll just want [north american] food.
The only North American place in town is the [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]. Their food is wonderful. Would you like to book a table?
What part of town is it in?
It is in the centre area.
Okay great. Let's book it for tuesday at [16:45], with 3 people. And please remember to send the reference number
Your booking was a success, and the reference number is TUVWUICU . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.!! Nope that'll be all .Thank you have a great day
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
I have found two. They are Da Vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
The address for [Da Vinci Pizzeria] is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707. Do you need anymore information?
No that will do thanks.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?
What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.
How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.
The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after [15:45]?
The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?
The reference number is MNKWT71T . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.
Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking. Can you find something fitting this?
I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?


Do you have any trains leaving after [15:00] on Thursday?
Yes, there are many. What is your destination?
My destination is Norwich departing from Cambridge.
TR8604 leaves at 15:36, would this one work for you?
Yes, that would be find. I'll need to book tickets for 7 people. Can I have the reference number please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KSHHCWCE .
Thank you! Can you help me find somewhere to eat now?
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have a preference in food type or price range?
Yes, do you have a place that serves [corsican] food? I also need it to be on the cheap side.
No, unfortunately, I do not have any cheap Corsica restaurants. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Bummer! I guess I'll try some [asian oriental] food then
I have two that fit your criteria! Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both in the city centre area. Do you have a preference?
can you suggest one and I need the address, postcode and their phone number too please
I'd recommend the [Dojo Noodle Bar]. The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. The postcode is cb21rq. The phone number is 01223363471.
Wonderful! I think that's all I need for now, thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day!


Can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the south side?
I am showing 5 that meet that criteria. Chinese, italian or mexican food. Would you like one of those?
How about the [Chinese]? Can I have the address with the postcode, and the phone number?
How about peking restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre cb28nx. Number is 01223354755.
Sounds perfect! I also want to find a 3-star hotel in the same area.
The [Lensfield Hotel] should meet your needs, it is an expensive hotel in the south. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes, it does include free wifi. Would you like to make a booking?
No need to book today. But, can you provide me with their phone number and address please?
Sure! Their address is 53-57 lensfield road and their phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
Yes, what price range are you looking for?
Price is no issue. I would like a 3 star guesthouse though.
The [Hamilton Lodge] sounds like it's perfect for you. Would you like for me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.
The hotel is unable to accommodate that stay. Could you shorten your stay?
Try 2 nights, then.
Ok, I was able to book your stay at the hamilton lodge for 4 people beginning monday and going for 2 days. Your reference number is SWFUW5JI . Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves after [14:15] and goes to bishops stortford.
What day are you leaving?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, from Cambridge.
Train TR3661 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 on Wednesday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Will that work for you?
That'll be perfect. How much will it be?
10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you passage?
No I will book the passage myself. Thank you for all your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that was it. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


i need to eat [australian] food in a place that is expensive
Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Australian cuisine in Cambridge? Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Are you sure there are no restaurants that serve Australian food in the north that has an expensive price range?
No, I apologize there are no Australian restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Hmm, I'll try [asian oriental] instead.
[saigon city] is one of the best places in town. Shall I book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for me.
What day and time should I make the reservation for? How many people?
Let's make it for six people at [15:00] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The reference number is 30D245LZ . Anything else I can do?
Thank you! Now I need some suggestions on places to go in that same area of town.
Would you like to go to [milton country park]? They are located in the north and the entrance fee is free.
Sure. What is their postcode and phone number?
The postcode is cb46az. The phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
That all thank you very much for all your help.
you are very welcome. thank you for using our system.


What attractions are in the town centre?
In the centre of town I have a total of 79 different attractions, would you like to narrow your search by entrance fee or zip code?
What different attraction types are there in the centre?
There are museums, colleges, architectural buildings, parks, nightclubs, etc. Does any of that sound interesting?
What museum would you recommend?
I recommend the Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street. It's free to enter and a great museum.
Thanks so much, that's very helpful. Could I get the postcode as well, please?
The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln.
Thanks so much. I am all set. Good bye.
You are welcome. Have a good time!


I'd like to find a restaurant. The restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. Also, I'd like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town.
I have many listings that fit,can I find out exactly what type of food you are looking for?
I need for the restaurant to serve [Chinese] food.
How about the [Tang Chinese]? I would recommend it. Can I make a reservation for you?
That sounds great! I need a table for Monday at [12:15] for 8 people.
So it is not avaible then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please do! A different restaurant in the same area and price range.
Booked at [hk fusion]. Reference number: O00TTIOS . Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you and goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!


I need to find a hospital here in the area.
The nearest hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
can i get thhe phone number and postcode
Which department are you looking for so I can give you the correct phone number?
I need the [paediatric clinic] please.
The phone number for the paediatric clinic is 01223348313, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, may I please have the post code?
Yes, the post code is CB20QQ. Anything else you need?
No, thank you that's all I need for now.
thanks for inquiring with us have a good day


Hi! I'm looking for the nearest police station.
The nearest station is Parkside Police at Parkside, Cambridge.
May I get the phone number?
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
enjoyed your services. keep that up
Thank you so much. Is there anything else I can help you with?
your welcome . No that should do it Goodbye
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day then!


I am looking for a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and want to arrive by [20:45].
Where are you departing from? And where would you like to go?
I'm heading to Cambridge, and I'd like to leave from peterborough.
The last train into cambridge before 20:45 is the TR2673, arriving at 20:38. You would leave peterborough at 19:48.
That will do, what is the price and train ID?
The price is 16.50 pounds. The train ID is TR2673. Shall I book it for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though that has free parking and expensive. Do you have anything like that there?
I've got 5 hotels here that fit your criteria, including 2 four star hotels. Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes, please tell me about the four star hotels, the cheaper of the two.
I have the Huntingdon Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the center. Both are lovely hotels. Would you like to book a room?
No, that's okay, I think that will be all for today, thank you!
You are welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a museum in the south please.
I'm sorry, but I'm getting an error trying to process your request. Could you please restate what you're looking for?
I am looking to visit a college in Cambridge and I will need to know the area, entrance fee, and phone number.
Well I have Christ's College which is quite famous and is free to enter in the center of town. Their telephone number is 01223334900. Does this interest you?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. It needs to be expensive, as well.
There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular cuisine type you would prefer?
I'd prefer [turkish] food, if at all possible.
I have the [meze bar] restaurant in centre on 196 Mill Road City, cb13nf. would you like me to book this location?
Yes, thank you very much! We'd like a dinner reservation for two, at [18:00] please.
Sure, and what day would you like to dine?
Today, if possible, but it doesn't matter.
Great! You have a reservation at 6:00 tonight at the Meze Bar Restaurant for two people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is not. Thank you so much for all of your help.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


Hello Cambridge Towninfo Center representative. I desire a place to stay that 5 stars, cheap and includes free wifi. Can you help?
I'm sorry but I'm not finding anything that matches your criteria. Can I help with something else?
How about changing that to a 4 star rating?
That we have! Do you have a preference on the area?
No preferences on the area, but I want to book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
How does the [Alexander bed and breakfast] in the centre sound?
Sounds great! Could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting Wednesday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 34P1OHBR . Do you need any other help today?
That is it, thank you for your help. Goodbye
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to go in the north area.
I have a boat, park or 2 swimming pools in that area. Is there one you would like to try?
Give me more information about the [boat] please.
The address to [riverboat georgina] is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. I want it to be cheap.
You've got 2 choices in the north for cheap places to eat: Royal Spice serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian food. Which would you prefer?
[Da Vinci Pizzeria] sounds good. Thanks.
For how many do you need this reservation?
I need to book a table for 8 at [18:30] on Monday, please.
Your table is reserved at [DaVinci], ref# 6U1JO0B2 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.
Excellent, I have booked you a taxi, a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07262084765. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I think this is all I need for today. Thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye.


I'm just needing a place to stay.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere moderately priced.
Okay. What part of town will you be visiting?
The west part I need the address and phone number and zip.
It is called [Hobsons house], it is on 96 Barton road. their number is 01223304906, cb39lh is their postcode.
Does that have free wifi and parking? If so, I'd like a reservation.
Yes, it does have parking and internet. What day would you like to begin your stay, how many days in total, and how many people please?
I want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
The booking for 7 people at the Hobsons House arriving on Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FFJYSLN4 . Can I assist you any further?
No thank you.
All right then, thanks for using our services and I hope you have a wonderful visit in Cambridge. Goodbye!


Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.
There are 44 possible options. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't mind what kind.
How about the [Vue Cinema] located at the grafton centre, east road?
Sure, what is the entrance fee? Also I need a train that departs from Stevenage on Thursday.
I can book a 05:54 for you.
I need the train to leave after [15:45] please. Also do you have the entrance fee for the Vue Cinema?
Sorry, but I do not have the entrance fee for Vue Cinema in my database. I do have a train from stevanage at 15:54 for you, though.
Great can you make that reservation on the train for 7 people and send me the reference number? Can you also send me the phone number for the Cinema?
The train is booked reference number 3YY4QV9P, and the phone number of the Vue Cinema is 08712240240
Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day then!


I need a train to birmingham new street
Sure, I can help you with that. When were you wanting to depart?
I need to leave cambridge after [14:15] on saturday
How about the TR3735, that leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Saturday at 15:01, would that work for you?
That works great! Can you get us a reservation for 3 people?
I can get that completed for you. Did you need a reference number?
Yes please. Also, I am interested in some places to go in town.
Is there a particular type of attraction you're interested in?
I would really like it to be in the centre of town and some type of entertainment.
There is no entertainment types in the centre. Would you like to search another area?
What about a museum in the centre of town?
i have 11 museums in the centre. i would suggest the [ruskin gallery]. they have free entrance.
Can I have the phone number and address please?
Address is anglia ruskin university, east road, phone number is 01245493131, any other questions today?
Thank you! That is all that I need.
Have a great time.


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
There are 10 cheap places to stay with free parking. Do you want particular area of town?
The area does not matter, but it should have a 4 star rating.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room for how many days and guests/
Please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from Monday.
3 people staying at alexander bed and breakfast for 5 nights, starting monday. Your confirmation number is 53R0PQMZ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to cambridge.
Which day and time would you like this for?
I want it for monday and to leave after [19:15]
There is a train on Monday at 19:54.
Yes, please book it for 3 people
Your train booking at 19:54 was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : W0FCJ48S . Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thank you for your help. That is all for today. Have a great day!
Great. Let me know if you need any additional help.


I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby. The hospital should have the [clinical research facility] department
Okay, I have Addenbrookes Hospital. The phone number is 01223596055.
Can I have the address please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge with postcode CB20QQ. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking.
We have quite a few lodgings which offer both. Do you have a preference as to what type of lodging, a guesthouse or hotel?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
I have two options. City Centre North B&B is in the north, and El Shaddai is in the Centre. Do you have a preferencE?
How about [El Shaddai]? I'll book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. There will be 5 of us.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8JGI0F6Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thanks!
Awesome. Have a good day!


I need to find the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
Sure, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and postcode CB20QQ
Thank you, may I have their phone number as well?
What department are you looking to contact?
im actually not sure, is there a general number?
Yes, there is. Addenbrookes has a main number. It is 01223245151. Is there any other information you might need?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
Have a great day!


I need information on a train to Cambridge. I prefer to get there by [16:30]
is there a day of the week you want to travel ?
Saturday is nice
what about TR5729? it leaves at 13:17 on saturday
Don't you need to know where I am leaving from? Does that train leave from Ely?
I'm sorry that one leaves from Cambridge. TR8176 leaves from Ely at 15:35 and arrives at 15:52.
Please book TR8176 for 6 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J6SICRD5 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Can you please tell me about a restaurant called [Cotto]?
I can. It's a restaurant in the centre that serves British food. It's moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for the same group of people at [19:45] on the same day.
We have booked you for Cotto, here is your reference number MRQ610AS .
Thanks. I am all set.
I hope you have a good trip.
Me too, my other line is ringing so this is a good time to end the dialouge.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good night. Bye.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
The hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Did you need anything else?
Can I get the phone number and the post code?
Their phone number is 01223245151, and their postcode is CB20QQ
Okay, that's all I need. Thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Thank you for you help!
Okay anytime. Thank you for calling.


I am trying to plan my trip in Cambridge and need a place to dine. I need something kind of moderate for price and on the west side.
We have three restaurants. Do you prefer British, Indian or Italian cuisine?
How about [thai]? Are there any thai restaurants in the west of the moderate price range?
I'm sorry, there aren't any moderately priced Thai restaurants in the West.
That is okay. An [Indian] restaurant would be great, which place do you recommend?
we still cant find any of that criteria. can we change location?
Yes try a different location.
I can't find any indian places in the moderately priced range. Can I try something else?
maybe you could check any price range.
[kohinoor] is a cheap indian restaurant located in the centre.
May I have the phone number for that place?
The phone number is 012233236939.
What is the departure time?
7:00 , dop you need anything else ?


I'm looking for a guesthouse. But I won't have a car with me, so I don't need any rigamarole with "free" parking.
Sure! There is a three-star guesthouse without free parking at 63 Milton Road. Would you like me to book the hotel for you?
what area of town? what's the price?
Alpha-milton guest house has a moderate price range in the north, as is Avalon guesthouse. a and b is in the east, also moderate.
Are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the north?
name type area pricerange stars internet parking phone postcode address book (optional) alpha-milton guest house guesthouse north moderate 3 no no 01223311625 cb41xa 63 milton road [avalon] guesthouse north moderate 4 yes no 01223353071 cb43pd 62 gilbert road are the available options
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on friday.
You are booked into the Avalon which is moderately priced. There were no guesthouses in the expensive range. Your reference number is WSPNWZI0 .
Great, thank you for help. That is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
thanks a lot hope to really enjoy my stay
So do I! have a great day!


I'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
No problem! I like acorn guest house in north. Would that work?
Oh, I'm sorry. I was hoping for something located in the east. Do you have anything there?
I'd recommend a and b guest house. Would you like a room?
Does it include free parking?
No, it doesn't. The [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] does.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights on thursday?
I have booked your room successfully. Your reference number is TW0GAHV1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need train tickets.
Sure! What will be your departing and arriving locations?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Okay. There are 1,414 trains that fit that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by the destination, day of travel, departure or arrival time?
Yes, I'm going to kings lynn.
Alright, we have 133 trains, do you have a day you want to travel?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and need to arrive by [13:45] please.
TR2621 arrives by 12:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. What is the travel time?
Travel time from cambridge to kings lynn by train is 47 minutes. Would you like me to book seats?
No, thanks, that's all I need! Thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
You are very welcome! Have a great day.
Um yes you too, bye bye now!
good bye and have a good time.


I'm looking to swim today. Is there anywhere I can go?
[Abbey pool and astroturf pitch] is in the east part of town if that would work for you?
No, I'm actually looking for something in the north. Is there anything available there please?
Sure, there are two in the north. Would you like their information?
Hi, few questions. I am looking for a restaurant called the [Little Seoul]. Also, could you give me the phone numbers, address, and entrance fees for both those places?
Sure! Let me get the pool information first. I found one that is an outdoor pool and one that is a learner pool. Which would you prefer?
The outdoor pool would be best. For the restaurant I need to reserve it for 5 people at [14:30] on sunday. Please give me the reference number of the reservation.
the outdoor pool is called jesus green outdoor pool located at between victoria road and the river cb43px
Ok, thanks. Can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on Sunday?
I've made the reservations for you. The reference number is NFKR3VXL .
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to get from the pool to the restaurant.
ok I have a black volvo booked for you
Can I please get the taxi company's phone number in case I need it?
you can reach them on 07704971911
Thank you. That was all I needed. Goodbye.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a train leaving after [19:15] departing from cambridge.
Where are you heading to?
I need to go to stevenage on wednesday
The TR9016 leaves at 21:21.
That sounds good. I will need 4 tickets.
I was able to book that for you; the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Your confirmation number is 3JBQP8O4 .
I am also looking for a particular hotel called the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
They are a 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, pricing is cheap, internet and parking are included. Are you interest in staying there?
I'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on Sunday for 3 nights.
OK, I have that room booked for you, your reference number is going to be, G3S8EY5N . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for your help.
It has been a pleasure to help you, thank you for using our service goodbye.


Hello. I am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 2 star rating.
There are no hotels that fit that criteria would you like to try something else?
No, I really need a hotel. It should be cheap with two stars. I don't care what area of town it is in.
There are zero hotels matching those requirements.
Ok, then I guess I will need to be more flexible with my budget. How about a 2 star hotel that is moderately priced?
We have 2 options in the north with 2 stars in the moderate price range - ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Um, i like the sounds of the lovell lodge. Can you give me a phone number?
Yes certainly that would be 01223425478.
I also need a train that leaves Ely after [8:30].
What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and I'll be going to Cambridge.
TR4212 leaves at 09:35, would you me to book you?
What time would I be arriving in Cambridge? What would my travel time be? Thanks.
You would arrive at 09:52. The ride is only 19 minutes.
Thanks! That's all I need.
Have a great trip!
Thanks and goodbye!
Have a great time!


Yes, I'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. The restaurant should serve a variety of [Jamaican] food and ideally I'd like it to be located in the south please.
I'm sorry but I have no Jamaican restaurants located in the south. Could we try another part of the city or different food type?
No I am looking for that specifically.
Then we have a problem, because such a restaurant does not exist. I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about one that serves [italian] food?
I have listings for 2 italian places,one moderate and one expensive, which one you like information on?
I'd like to book at the expensive place. There will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at [15:00] on Monday.
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to look at another restaurant
Can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please?
Would you like to try [chiquito restaurant bar]?
Yes please try booking that for me.
Wonderful. I was successful in booking The Chiquito restaurant for you and your reference number is OCGZRNU0 .
Thank you so much for all of your help. That will be all.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I am looking for a place called the [jesus green outdoor pool].
Absolutely, would you like an address or phone number?
I need the postcode and need to know what type of attraction this is.
It is a swimming pool and the postcode is cb43px.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains to cambride on friday.
Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
Broxbourne. I also prefer a train that leaves after [12:45] on Friday.
The TR7015 leaves at 13:32 and arrives at 14:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and price, please.
Certainly. Travel time is 60 minutes and a ticket costs 17.90 pounds. What else can I do for you today?
That's all I need for now. Thank you for the help!
Okay if you decide you need anything else come me.
Will do. Thanks.again. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for some attractions in the centre area.
i have booked you old schools type of attraction is architecture
I did not ask for a booking.
I'm sorry I canceled the booking. What type of attraction are you interested in, there are many?
What would you recommend?
There are many colleges. What type are you looking for?
As long as it is in the centre, any will be fine. Can you make a recommendation please?
I would suggest the old schools it's free admission.
I'm also looking for an expensive [latin american] restaurant to dine at.
I do not have anything that meet that criteria. Can I try something else?
Yes, do you have a restaurant that serves [chinese] in the same area? If so, can you please book a table for 6 at [13:00] on Saturday?
I have the [hakka] located in the north that is expensive. Would you be interested in that?
Yes that sounds great. Can you make reservations for that?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is KQ26B4U5 .
Okay. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge that leaves after [10:30]?
I sure can! The TR1502 leaves at 11:00. Would that work?
I am looking to travel Sunday going to Stevenage. Does that train travel on that day?
That train does not travel on Sunday, but TR8464 leaves at [11:21] if that will work for you. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that will work for me. Can you please make a booking for 7 people?
Yes,I will book it for 7,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Well yeah, I would need the reference number if you booked it?
The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DSIQUE20
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. It needs to be a hotel. Can you recommend any?
I recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is 3 stars. Would you like to make a booking.
Just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking
The hotel does offer parking and the postcode is cb21en.
Great. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


I need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side.
I have about 5 different ones to offer you. I have european food, french, chinese and asian oriental. Do you prefer a certain cuisine?
Can you give me some additional information on the Asian Oriental one?
Sure, it's called [Saigon City], and it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl. Their phone number is 01223356555. Can I be of further assistance today?
Sounds great. Can you book a table for 1 at [19:15] on Friday please? I will need a reference number too.
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 01YIB028 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks. You've been a great help!
Glad to help you.


Can you help me with some information on a restaurant called [luca cucina and bar]?
Sure, what information would you like?
What type of food do they serve?
Yes, De Luca Cucina serves modern European food. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Can you tell me the address and postcode for De Luca Cucina?
It is located at 83 Regent Street with a postcode of cb21aw. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Can you also give me a phone number to a cinema?
Yes i can. the phone number for Cineworld Cinema is 00872208000. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me if [Cineworld Cinema] has an entrance fee? If so how much is that fee?
Unfortunately I don't have any entrance fee information for Cineworld. Can I help you with anything else?
No I just needed the phone number. Thank You.
You're welcome. Have a great time in Cambridge!


I need a train that leaves at [18:45] and goes to Cambridge.
Sure. Where are you departing from and what day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving from Broxburne on Friday.
There is a train leaving at 19:12.
Great, can I get 2 tickets on that train?
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F2A9AC1K . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to go maybe a theatre.
Sure there are a few. Would you like it to be in a specific area of town?
It doesn't matter. You make a suggestion and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area
[ADC] is in the centre, 01223300085. The entrance fee is not available at the time. Is there anything else?
Yes, what area is this located in? I may give them a call today and ask about the entrance fee.
It is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day.


Are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars?
Yes, actually. [Cityroomz] is a moderately priced 0 star hotel.
Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do have free wifi! Would you like me to book a stay for you?
Yes! Can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting friday?
That booking was successful, your reference number is TFPBTYHN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing us to book for you. Have a great day!


I need a train that goes to Norwich.
Great. On which day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday
Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge. Is there a train that can get there before [17:15]?
Yes, there is one that departs at 5:36 and arrives at 6:55 will that work?
That will work, can you book me seats for 7 and let me know the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 98.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YGMYZLL2 . anything else i can help you with?
I'm also looking for something to help kill some time on the west side of town. Do you have any recommendations?
Sure what type of attraction were you looking for?
I don't have a preference. You pick.
the [lynne strover gallery] is located at 23 high street, fen ditton. their phone number is 01223295264. the admission is free. would you like help with something else?
What type of attraction this?
It is a museum.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks. You answered all my questions and were very helpful. Have a good day. Bye.
Happy to be of help. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.
There are nine expensive restaurants on the west side of town. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
[Indian] sound good.
We have tandoor palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoor restaurant, and india house, which would you like to try?
[The Maharajah Tandoor] sounds great!
Would you like me to book you a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant?
Yes, a table for 2 people on friday at [12:00]. I need a reference number.
All right, a table for 2 is reserved for you. M4TC7VRV is your reference number.
I am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation. Can you get me their contact number and car type?
I would be happy to book you a taxi. Could you please tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to leave [maharajah taondoori], and go to a [college].
When would you like to leave the restaurant or arrive at the college?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by [12:00] on Friday please. I will also need their contact number and the car type.
Would you like to arrive at the restaurant or at the college by 12:00? I'm afraid there has been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant please.
Where would you like the taxi to take you?
to [the attraction]
I apologize, there's been a misunderstanding. Before we can book your taxi, we need to know which college. There are 18 colleges. What area are you looking for?
I'm sorry, let's back up. We'll worry about the taxi later. First, can you help me find a college on the west side of town?
I apologize for the confusion. I have 5 different museums. 3 are free and the other two charge 2.50 pounds. All are in the west. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.
Just to avoid any confusion on my part you were looking for a college or a museum? I may have pulled up the wrong information. I apologize for that.
A college and I need their telephone number.
Certainly [Churchill College] is free to enter and their address is storey's way.
Great! May I have their contact number?
The contact number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Are you ready to book that taxi now that we know which college you are wanting to travel to?
Yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, I need a taxi at [11.45] from [Churchill College] to [Maharajah Tandoor] so I can get there by [12].
Yes, we've booked a taxi for you: A red volvo, contact number 07272851306.
That is wonderful. Thank you so much for being patient. I am all set. Bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I am planning to run a search for places in cambridge. Sounds like we are a perfect match! What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a train leaving cambridge leaving [after 11:00] on tuesday and I am going to london liverpool street.
I have a train leaving at 11:59. Would that do for you?
Yes that will do. What time does it arrive in london liverpool street and what is the train ID number.
TR8394 arrives at 13:27.
i also want a place to go in the centre of town
We have many fine attractions in the center of town! Might I recommend the Regency Gallery museum? It's free to enter.
I would like to find a swimming pool, please.
I'd recommend Parkside Pools. The address is Goville Place. Their phone number is 01223446100. Would you like any other information?
That's it, thanks!
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip.


I'm stuck up here in Kings Lynn and really need to get into Cambridge. Can you look up a train for me please?
I can absolutely help you, but let's get some more information so we can book your ticket. What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday after [17:00]
I have 7 different trains. The first one after 17:00 is train TR1499. It leaves at 17:11 and arrives at 17:58. Would that work for you?
That works for me. What is the price for that?
7.84 pounds for each ticket. Would you like me to book the train?
No, I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks though. Can you recommend a [latin American] restaurant?
I'm sorry there are no latin american restaurant
Are there any in the centre in the cheap price range?
I have fifteen places to dine in the centre, in a cheap range. What type of food would you like?
What about one that serves [Asian oriental] food?
Dojo noodle bar and J restaurant both are available, which would you prefer?
[Dojo noodle bar], can you book me a table for 7 at [20:30] on Saturday? And I will need the reference number as well please.
Good news, your booking was succesful. Your reference number is K7LWVQ5A . Can I do anything else for you?
Yes can you please book the train for me as well?
Did you want the TR1499 booked that leaves on saturday at 17:11 and if so, for how many people?
Just the one ticket please.
Your seat is booked on TR1499 leaving Kings Lynn on Saturday at 18:11 for Cambridge, reference number is 0NGRLOZV . Is there anything more I can help with today?
That is everything I need, thank you.
Perfect. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you, that will be all!
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.


Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?
I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after [16:15]. Does this help?
The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.
Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.
It will arrive by 19:07. Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.
the travel time is 88 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need tickets. Could you find me a place to stay with free parking?
The allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side with internet - would you like me to book it for you?
I need the place to be on the north side actually. Moderately priced and with free wifi
I see 9 options for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday. If that doesn't work then Friday, and I will also need a reference number.
I would recommend [Ashley hotel]. Would like me to make those reservations?
Yes, that sounds fine. I need it for 4 nights the same day. There will be 7 of us.
Your all set! Reference number is BUWAT3JY, anything else I can help you with today?
nope thank you for all your help.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Thank you! Good Bye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.


I'm a tourist from out of town. But, I was trying to find something fun to do near my hotel. Could you recommend a place?
I would be more than happy to recommend an attraction, first could you tell me in what part of town your hotel is located?
It is in the centre of town.
There are tons of places to go in the center of town. What type of attraction are you looking for?
Really anything will do. I have to kill some time in between appointments. Can you recommend something and send me the address please?
How about the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum? Their address is 6 Trinity Street, in the centre of town, and they have no entrance fee.
That will do! Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed.Thanks so much!
Oh, you are most welcome. The museum will be awesome.


Hi! I am looking for a train to Cambridge that leaves after [21:15].
TR1581 leaves at 21:17
Great! Can you please boo that for me?
Of course. I reserved 1 seat. The reference number is 87ZNT2V8 .
Actually, I would need 2 tickets for that train.
Okay. No problem. Your new booking and reservation number is Y004877A .
Fantastic. Can I also get information about [Clare Hall]?
Clare Hall is a college on the wet end. Would you like further information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee for Clare Hall?
Clare Hall has no entrance fee and is free! Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you. Bye.
Have a good day!


I want to find a hotel in the moderate price range. I don't need free parking.
There are several hotels in that price range. Do you have a particular area of town you are interested in staying in?
Yes I need it to be in the north.
I have two hotels. One located at 63 Milton Road and 62 Gilbert Road? Which one would you like for me to book you for?
Are either of them 4 star hotels? Because that's what I need.
The [Avalon] guesthouse has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from saturday?
I am sorry that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
The [Alpha-milton guest house] is 3 stars. It doesn't have internet or parking. Is that okay? I could try another area, too.
That's fine can you try booking that for me?
That booking was successful. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. That's everything I need.
Glad I could be of help.
Yes thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves [molecular gastronomy].
I show no restaurants matching those criteria. Would you like to change your price range or the cuisine?
What about a cheap [vietnamese] place?
[Thanh Binh] at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Can I have the phone number for that location as well as the address?
Absolutely. The phone number is 01223362456 and the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse that has free wifi included.
I have found 23 hotels fitting that criteria. What area of town would you like, or what pricerange?
I don't want to stay in a hotel, I'd prefer a guesthouse please that has free wifi and free parking.
There are several guesthouses with the criteria that you provided. Do you have a preference from the list of hotels?
Yes can you please list the hotels names please.
Due to the size of the list could you provide your price range or the area you would prefer to help narrow it down?
I don't really have a price range. What do you suggest?
The [allenbell] is a guesthouse in the east. It is in the cheap price range, but has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry there is not availability at the allenbell for 4 nights, are you able to stay for a shorter period of time?
I suppose I can start out with three nights, if that is available.
I was able to book your room at the [Allenbell] for 3 nights. Your reference number is K86FT247 . Is there anything else that I can do for you?
If it isn't too much trouble, I'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by [02:15]. I need the contact number and car type, too.
I have booked you a yellow tesla. The contact number is 07504166156.
Thank you that's all I needed!
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need a place to stay in the east.
I have several guesthouses and one hotel to stay at. Do you have a price range of star rating you're looking for?
No, I don't care about price or stars.
Ok, [Leverton guesthouse] is cheap and located in the east. Can I get you some information on it?
Does it have wifi?
Yes it has both free internet access and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please, for 4 nights.
For what night and how many people?
I need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
Your booking is set, the reference number is DDIZEYL4 . Anything else that i can assist with?
Thanks. Could you help me find a restaurant specializing in [Americas] food, also in the east?
Were you looking for a particular price range?
Any price range will work.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything that matches that. Want to try for a different kind of food?
Try [british] food, please.
I have the [grafton hotel restaurant] serves british food. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Can you get all eight of us a table?
What time would you like the booking for?
[12:15] on the same day as the hotel please
What day would that reservation be needed and number of people?
that would be for Wednesday and 8 people please
Booking was successful is there anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Could you give me information about the [museum of classical archaeology]?
Sure, it's located in the west and admission is free.
Awesome, do that have a phone number?
Their phone number is 01223335153. Was there anything else you need to know?
What is the address?
Their address is sidgwick avenue. Is there anything else you needed to know?
I am also looking for a guesthouse to stay in
I can help with that. Is there a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I would prefer the south please.
OKay I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't really mind, as long as it has 4 stars.
I highly suggest [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, book the hotel for three people, five nights, starting Thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LK7L08A7 . Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for some 4-star accommodations.
There are over twenty four-star hotels or guesthouses. What area do you prefer?
An area that's close to public transportation
How about [a and b guest house]?
Sure, as long as it is moderately priced.
of course. ive got some options. you can check the out
I will be happy too. I will also need a postcode.
The postcode is cb12dp and the address is 124 tenison road. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. I am just gathering information for now. Thanks
Sure thing. Have a nice day!


Are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town?
There are several in that price range at the centre. What type of food would you like?
Good I like [chinese] food please.
[Charlie Chan] looks great. Need a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people on Friday at [17:45]. Could I get the reservation number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VX834JA0 .
Perfect. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day.
You are most welcome. Thanks for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I have heard a lot of good things about the [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse]. Would you be able to provide any information on them?
Yes, the arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. It has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. How many stars does it have? What is the postcode?
It has 4 stars, and the postcode is cb42je.
Okay thank you that is all I need to know.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking
I have 3 hotels that meet your criteria, 2 are in the west and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
[University Arms hotel] has 4 starts and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please. 8 people for 2 nights starting on saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1VQQLH6R
Thank you that is all I needed.
Great! Have a nice day!


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap [austrian] restaurant.
I'm sorry but I don't have any Austrian restaurants? Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I'd really like some Austrian food.
Yes I am sure. However, I do have a number of restaurants listed as serving [European] food. Would you like information on these?
Yes please. I prefer the centre of town if possible.
There are a number of European options in the town centre. Do you have a price range?
I would like for that to be cheap as well.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in the Centre has cheap Modern European food. Would you care for that?
Sounds good. Could you give me the number? Also, the address and postcode.
The phone number is 01223307030. The address is Quayside Off Bridge STreet and the postcode is cb58aq. Can I book a reservation?
No, I'm all set, thanks. Goodbye!
Thank you, let us know if you need any more help with anything.


Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.
I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.
I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?
Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday
Okay. I would like to recommend the [Acorn Guest House].
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number
May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.
I made the booking for you. Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T . What else can I do for you?
I need a train.
I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?


Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and I am looking for things to do in the city centre. Can you help me find something to do?
There is a lot to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you want?
I have no preference. Pick any for me and please tell me the attraction type, entrance fee and phone number.
All right. Great saint mary's church is one our many churches famous for Architecture. It's 2 pounds to get in, and their number is 01223350914.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [Korean] food, and is located in the same area as [Great saint mary's church].
[Little Seoul] is on 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Can you provide me with their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223308681
Thank you. Do you also book taxis? I would like one from [Saint Mary's] to the [Little Seoul].
What time would you like to travel by taxi?
I want to leave the church by [1:00].
I have booked you a taxi. The car type is a yellow Audi and the contact number is 07332260834. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thanks alot. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day.


Can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?
Which side of town are you interested in staying?
i suggest whale of time. i need its address, entrance fee and postcode
Sorry, I didn't understand your last request. I understand that you're looking for a 3 star hotel with internet. Is there a certain area you are interested in staying?
I want a particular one called [whale of a time], can you find that?
Yes! Would you like their information?
Yes please, could i get their address, postcode and entrance fee if they have one?
Whale of a Time is located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their postcode is cb238el. Their entrance fee is not listed.
I am also interested in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the moderate price range with free wifi.
There are several However I need to know how long your stay is going to be when and for how many please?
I am not booking a room yet I just need information. Please make a suggestion and provide the address.
There are 11 results but the first listing is a and b guest house located at 124 tenison road.
I will also need a taxi to commute please.
To clarify, you'd like a taxi from Whale of a Time to A and B Guest House, correct? What time would you like the taxi?
From [A and B Guest House] at [01:00] to [Whale of a Time], please.
Sure, lookout for a black Tesla contact number 07230031614. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I would like to take a train from leicester that arrives by [16:15].
The latest arrival time is 15:54.
I need the train to go to Cambridge and leave on Saturday.
The TR9488 leaves from leicester and arrives in cambridge at 06:54. Would you like a ticket?
I just need to know the price of the ticket and travel time between Leicester and Cambridge.
yes please book it for me and i need a confirmation number


I need a train leaving after [18:15] departing from birmingham new street
OK, and what day are you traveling?
Friday. I'll be heading to Cambridge.
Train TR8903 departs for Cambridge on Friday at 18:40. Will this work for you?
Yes, that works - could you book 3 tickets please. Also, what is the reference number.
I have booked the 3 tickets for you. The reference number is WGU9CZ1C .
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay. It does not need to have free parking and doesn't need to include internet.
I believe the Alpha-Milton Guest House might meet your needs. It's moderately priced in the north, 3 stars, with no internet or parking. Would you like more information?
Is it in the centre?
No I'm sorry alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Do you need something in the centre?
I suppose the north will work for me.
Alright, would you like me to book you a room at the [Alpha-Milton Guest House]?
Yes please. Make sure to send me the postcode for the hotel.
The postcode for the Alpha Milton Guest House is cb41xa. How many guests will be staying in your party and how many days? When will your stay begin?
I don't need to book right now. I just needed to know the postcode and the hotel type please. Can you confirm those?
Certainly! It is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb41xa. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I decided that I do need a hotel in the centre.
I have 3 results for hotels in the centre area. Would you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
I don't car, but I'm not bringing a car or computer so I don't need parking or internet. Which ones don't have those?
I recommend the Gonville Hotel. It is an expensive 3-star hotel in the center. I can book a room there, if you like.
That's not necessary. Thanks for the help!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Nope, I think I'm all set.
Thank you for using this system!


I need to find a place to stay tonight in the South please.
What price range are you looking for?
Moderate pricing and I dont care where they charge for parking or not.
Do you have a preference of star rating?
Yes, four star please.
I do happen to have one place that would fit your needs. It's the [Aylesbray Lodge guest house]. They have free parking and internet. Can I book a stay for you?
Not at this time. Could I get the address for the Hotel?
Sure, the address is 5 mowbray road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information on [pizza express Fen Ditton].
Sure. Pizza Express Fen Ditton is a great italian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need?
Could you make a reservation for 7 people for Friday at [11:45], please? I appreciate it.
Your reservation for 7 at Pizza express Fen Ditton this Friday at 11:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : E5ZUIWJS .
Fantastic thats everything thanks!
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


Hello I am new to Cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. Any suggestions?
Alexander bed and breakfast looks good, would you like to try that?
I need it to be in the north area, is Alexander bed and breakfast located there?
No, but the [Acorn Guest House] is in the north. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please! I'd like a room for 6 people. We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 4 nights.
I have you booked at the Acorn Guesthouse, six people for four nights. Your confirmation is GLVBZVYO
I would also like to eat some [Chinese] food near the hotel.
How does the [Golden wok] sound? It is close to that area.
Sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at [17:15] please? And then give me the reference number
Successfully booked. Your reference number is XZZTYRWB . What else would you like help with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Thanks so much, goodbye!
Best wishes for an enjoyable stay from the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I would like to visit some parks while I am in town. Can you please suggest me some to visit?
Sure, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be on?
I would like to find a park anywhere. I need the fees , postcode, and phone number.
Which side of town would you like to be on?
I am not particular. but I also need information on a restaurant called the Gardenia.
I have the wandlebury country park on the south side of town. It is free, the phone number is 01223243830 and post code is cb223ae.
Thank you, can you also look up [The Gardenia] for me? It is a restaurant I have wanted to try.
The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant at the centre of town. The park I gave you the information for is not in the same part of town.
That's okay. Could you book a table for me there for two people. I'd like it to be on Sunday at [15:45].
I have your booking for 2 people, sunday at 15:45. Your reference number is 0NG9XLAQ .
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up from the [Wandlebury Country Park] to make it to my reservation.
Where will the taxi be picking you up from?
The taxi will be picking me up from the Wandlebury Country Park and I need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking.
Okay the taxi has been reserved and will be a white honda. The phone number is 07229832090.
thanks so much sorry I have been such a pain. YOU need a raise!
No problem at all happy to assist.
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


Hello, I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. Any suggestions?
We have an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves African food, called [bedouin]. Would that be of interest?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 5?
Certainly. What day and time would you like to dine?
Tuesday at [16:00].
I have your booked for the Bedouin Tuesday at 1600 for 5 people. Your reference number is PET3GU9H . Thank you for allowing me to assist you.
I'm also looking for a train on Tuesday as well. Can you assist me with this please?
Okay, no problem. There are many trains available. I just need to know where you are departing from and going to, as well as the preferred time.
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at [13.30.] train id, price and departure time please
TR6224 would be your perfect fit.
Okay, what time does it depart and how much is it?
TR6224 leaves at 11:09, arrives at 12:54(105 minutes), and is 37.80 pounds per person.
Great, that is everything I needed! Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Yes, hi. Would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in Cambridge?
I'd be happy to help you. There are 24 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area you'd like to stay in, or perhaps a certain price range?
Well, how about a moderate price range and a star rating of zero? Oh, and I don't need free parking.
I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements. Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Please show me a guesthouse with the lowest available rating.
The [alpha-milton guest house] is in the north with 3 stars, but there's no wifi nor parking. Will that suffice for you?
Yes that will work. I'll need the area, postcode and address, please.
The Alpha-Milton Guest House is in the north part of town at 63 Milton Road. Their postcode is cb41xa. Need anything else?
I'd like to visit a nightclub.
I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements. Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Yes, I think there's been some confusion. Let's go back to lodgings for a moment. With no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a hotel instead?
I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet those criteria, either. Would you like to try different star ratings?
No, I'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and moderately priced.
There is no results for that match


I need the [surgery] department of the Addensbrookes Hospital.
The hospital is located on Hills Road Postcode CB20QQ. Each surgery department has a different number. Which surgery department do you need?
I don't need the phone number. I just needed the address. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I would like to visit an attraction called [the man on the moon].
Sure, it is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode cb12lf.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive [Halal] restaurant to dine at.
Could you help me narrow that down by choosing an area and type of food?
I would like halal food in the centre of town.
It looks like there is not any in the centre of town. Would you like me to try a different section of the city?
Is there an [African] restaurant in the center?
There is. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need a table on Saturday. It will be at [13:30]. 6 people will be dining.
Great. I made a booking for six people. The reference number is MIDBIUFE .
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.
Do you need me to look up anything else for your trip?
Nope that was it for today, thanks!
May I book you a taxi?
No thank you. I have to go. Thanks for all of your help!
Great. Have a fun trip!


Hi there! I'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the south area of town.
I have a moderately priced guesthouse and a relatively expensive hotel, both rated at 3 stars, both with free parking and internet. Want to flip a coin?
No I prefer to go with the moderately priced guesthouse, does it have free wifi?
Yes, free wifi and parking. Can I book it for you?
Not at this time but can you give me the phone number, please?
Sure, the phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also interested in finding something fun to do in the south. Are there any "must see" attractions you suggest?
There are several attractions in the south. There are a couple nice parks, a theatre, a museum and a nightclub. Which type would you like to visit?
just any that is inn the same area as the hotel
Ok, how about the [byard art] museum? It has free admission.
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address, and also how much it will cost?
The cost of the Byard Art Museum is free to get into, the phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
i also need taxi service to get me from [bridge guest house] to the [art] museum. i want to leave the hotel by [14:15].
Okay, I have a grey honda booked to pick you up at 14:15. The contact number is 07602309697. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I need.
I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.


I need to book a train from Leicester to Cambridge. Can you help me with this?
There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday after [15:30]. Are there still any available>
TR1784 departs Leicester at 16:09, would that work for you?
Yes. Please make a booking for 1 and be sure to give me a reference number.
You are all set for train TR7472. It will cost 30.24 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is CUPCJMGO . Can I help you further?
Great. That is all I need. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
Thank you so much!
You're very welcome. Thank you so much for using our service.


I need a hotel with free wifi.
What part of town are you planning to stay in?
Doesn't matter. I also need free parking.
There are eight results. Is there a certain price range you'd like?
Could you find me one with a star rating of 3?
Sure, there is one in the centre area and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
No area does not matter please recommend one.
I have the gonville and the lensfield hotels. When would you like the room?
Yes can you please and send me the info?
gonville hotel hotel centre expensive 3 yes yes 01223366611 cb11ly gonville place the lensfield hotel hotel south expensive 3 yes yes 01223355017 cb21en 53-57 lensfield road
It seems we are on different pages here. Ok, just please book a room for at the [Gonville Hotel], 1 person, 4 nights, starting Friday.
Okay no problem. I have booked you at the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting friday. The reference number is 7KJDALDO . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a [Lebanese] restaurant in the center of town.
[Ali Baba] is a moderately priced labanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
I can't wait. Please book a table for 1 at [13:00] on Friday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JVL68LSJ . Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you.
Have a great day. Good day.


I want to eat some [north american] food
Ok, the [gourmet burger kitchen] serves north american food and is located in the centre. Would you like the address?
Can you tell me the price range?
the price range of the food there is expensive
Thanks, can I get the address and phone number?
Their address is Regent Street City Centre. You can contact them at 01223312598. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, that is ok. Thank you for all your help today.
welcome again some other day
Thank you, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.
What type of food are you interested in?
I'd like some [Italian] food.
[La Margherita] is a great (and cheap!) Italian place on the west side of town. Would you like a table there?
Yeah. Can I get one for 8 people on friday at [14:30] please?
Absolutely, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I definitely need the reference number. Thank you.
Great, you are all booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 8ON7IKVZ . Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Well now that you've asked, I would like some information about the [kirkwood house] hotel
It is a moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I nee to book a room Friday. for 3 nights, 8 people. I'll also need a reference number.
your booking was successful and reference number is 8ON7IKVZ
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places,
What is your departure and arrival sites and times?
Have the taxi pick us up at the [Kirkwood house] at [14:00] and at the restaurant at 16:30.
Your taxi has been booked from Kirkwood House to La Margherita at 14:00. You will be picked up by a yellow tesla with contact #07403061771.
Sweet, thanks a lot for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for a [north Indian] restaurant in the town centre?
I've found 9 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
One in the moderate price range would be good. Can you find one for me?
I am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,I have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay?
No, in that case I think I would prefer to try a place that serves [international] food.
I have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: [The Varsity Restaurant] on Saint Andrews St. and [Bloomsbury Restaurant] on Downing Street.
Okay, how about The Varsity .. I'd like a table for four on Thursday at [12:30].
Booking was unsuccessful, want to try another restaurant??
Yes. I'd like the same area and price range.
Okay I was able to get you into the Bloomsbury and your reference number is 6BOHROUH .
Thank you, that will be just fine.
You're very welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions.


I'm looking for information on the [Autumn House]. Can you help me out?
Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating on the east side of town. Do you need additional information or want to book a room?
Can you give me the address please?
They are located at 710 newmarket road
Great, thanks. Now could you also help me find a train?
i will be glad to help. when do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday after [10:15].
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'd like to depart from Peterborough. I'm heading to Cambridge. I'll need to book for 8 people.
I've made reservations on TR6932 and your reference number is C8XK2EPK .
thanks for all of your help
Thank you for using this service


Hi, I want to catch a train from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you please tell me what the schedule is for the rout?
I would be happy to help. What day are you wanting to take the train?
I want to arrive by [15:45] on tuesday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3XNW24TQ .
Thank you goodbye
I'm sorry, the schedule for Tuesday shows TR0674 arriving at 15:38 in Cambridge. I will re-book. Is it one ticket you need?


I need a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.
Where are you coming from?
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge I would let to get there by [11:30] if possible
TR4987 gets there 10:08 and will cost 23.60 pounds. can i book it?
Yes, can you book it for 2 people and could I get the reference number?
I actually booked you on TR0254, arriving in Cambridge at 08:23. Reference number is : OEV193OS . 150.19 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much. I also need a place to stay while in Cambridge. Could you help me find a room please?
I can help you with that. Is there a certain price range you are looking to stay in?
no, but could it have a 4 star rating?
We have lots of those! Any features that you prefer?
any that has free wifi
You have 21 options to choose from. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
Whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting tuesday.
I booked [a and b guest house], reference number is : K0FKUFNP .
Thanks! That's all I need for now!
i am glad to be of service to you. i wish a nice trip and wonderful stay at Cambridge. Goodbye


Hi! I am looking for a nice place for dinner. I would like something in the centre that's expensive.
I have many options for you. So what type of food are you in the mood for?
What would you suggest? I need a reservation for 6 at 12:00 on thursday and I'll need the reference number then too please.
You don't have any more specifications? Bedouin is quite nice, it serves african food. Would you like a table here?
Yes, please. I also want to find a museum in town.
There are over 11 options for a museum. May I suggest broughton house gallery?
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address?
Sure the number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your time, that is all the help I need today.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Take care. Good day.


I would like a guesthouse, four star.
The [allenbell] is a 4-star guesthouse in the east. Would you like to make a booking?
does it include free parking?
It includes free parking. Would you like to book a room at this hotel?
Yes, please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from sunday.
I'm very sorry. That booking was unavailable. Would you like to find another hotel?
Sure. Any guesthouse in the same price range would be fine.
I have booked you a room at the [Autumn House]. Their address is 710 newmarket road. Phone number is 01223575122. Reference number is : YU3MOAHH .
Thank you for the reference number YU3MOAHH. Goodbye.
Let us know if you need further help.


i'm looking for a [mexican] restaurant
I have found one. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar is in the south side of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it expensive?
Yes it is. Would you like a reservation there?
Actually, I was looking for a Mexican restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm sorry the only mexican restaurant is located in the south.
What about a [gastropub]?
We have 4 options! Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city centre. Mexican is my first choice. If none is available, gastropub is fine.
[Backstreet Bistro] looks like a top choice, shall i book you for there?
Yes a table for four please.
I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Oh wait! It needs to be a table for 2.
No problem. What day and time were you thinking?
We need a table for Tuesday at [12:30] please.
You are booked for Backstreet Bistro for 2 people. Your reference number is P4P2R28V . May I help with something else?
What is the address and postcode of the Backstreet Bistoro?
They are located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre postal cb12qa, have I been able to resolve all of your questions today?
I also want to find an attraction called [Corpus Christi].
Corpus Christi is a college in town centre. It is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Do you need their phone number?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye.
Have a great time.


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [modern european] food.
the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european food and their prices are cheap.
That sounds good, could I please have their phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is : 01223307030 and their postcode is cb58aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find information on [University Arms Hotel], can you help me find it?
Sure! It's a 4-star, expensive hotel in the centre. It offers free internet and parking. Address: regent street cb21ad. Phone number 01223351241. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that's all the info I need, thanks!
Thank You, Goodbye
Thank you very much for the assistance, take care!
Thank you for contacting the Help Desk, have a wonderful day.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
There are 3 moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town; Meghna, Prezzo, and Saint Johns Chop House. How else may I assist you?
What is the phone number and address of one of them?
[Meghna] is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
goodbye!
Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town.
There are 21 restaurants in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
Ok, how about [chinese] food?
Yes, I recommend the [Ian Hong House] in the centre. Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, I would like a table for 6 at [11:30] on Friday.
I have booked a table for 6 people on Friday at 11:30, your reference number is 452NKGSN . Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel same price range as restaurant that includes free wifi and parking. Can you help with that too?
Sure, I can help you with that. Were you looking for a specific area of town?
Well, let see. I am eating in the centre of town, so let me find a place in the centre.
Sorry, I'm not finding anything. Want to change your location?
Lets try a expensive price range
We have two hotels that fit your criteria. One has 3 stars, the other 4. Do you have a preference?
No preference really, just recommend one for me
Okay! How about [University Arms Hotel] on Regent Street?
Sure, does it have free wifi and free parking?
yes they have both internet and wifi
Great, thanks! What about free parking?
Yes they have free parking as well.
Thanks. And now could you also provide me with the address for that location?
Absolutely. The hotel is located on regent street.
thanks for the information. have a great day
Thank you for using our service!


I'm hurt and I need the nearest hospital.
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital.
Can I get the address and phone number?
I'm just going to call an ambulance.
No thank you, just give me the address, postcode, and phone number please.
Addesbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd with the postcode CB20QQ. The direct phone number for the [emergency department] is 01223217118. Are you sure I can't book you an ambulance?
No, thanks. I will head there myself. Thanks for your help. Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


Reserve a taxi to [jinling noodle bar] for me
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by [24:15]
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from [pembroke college].
A grey volvo will be picking you up at pembroke college. Their contact number is 07248087755 if you have any questions.
Thanks so much for your help!
You are welcome. Do you need any other Cambridge bookings?
No, that's all that I need today. Thank you!
Enjoy your visit and thank you for contacting us!


I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [thai] food.
There is [sala thong] and bangkok city.
Can I book a table for 6 people at [15:45] on Tuesday?
There are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time slot or another restaurant?
Let's try the other restaurant.
I'm sorry neither restaurant has an available table would you like to try another day or time?
Can you try another restaurant?
I was able to book you a table at Sala Thong on Tuesday at 15:45 for 6 people. Your reference number is EPNSY28V . Anything else I can help with?
I would like to go to a park in the centre of town. What would you recommend?
Okay, we have the [cambridge university botanic gardens] in the centre of town. Will that work for you?
Yes, that will work great. Can I get their postcode please?
Sure, they're in postcode cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to go from [Sala Thong] to the Gardens.
What time do you want the Taxi to meet you?
I want to make sure I can get from the park to the restaurant in time.
Okay i have you booked for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07033533386 .
Thank you! That will be all.
Have a great day!


I am looking for a train to cambridge.
Alright, what day are you looking to travel?
I want to travel this Sunday, please.
Okay, and what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after [19:15].
I have several trains that meet that criteria, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving london kings cross.
TR1681 will be departing london kings cross at 19:17, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, thank you. Can you book it for 3 people and provide the reference number for me?
There we go, all set. The reference number is AM5KZM91 .
Marvelous. I am all set to go now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Hi, can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge?
I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you, can you please let me know where you are traveling to and what day you would like to leave.
I would like to go to Cambridge on Sunday.
Just to clarify, are you leaving Cambridge, or coming into Cambridge?
I am leaving birmingham new street, coming into Cambridge.
There are 19 trains departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge on Sunday. What's your preferred departure time?
I can depart any time after [17:15]. What's the first train that leaves after this time?
The TR5797 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40. Would you like me to book you a seat on that train?
At what time will that train arrive?
That train will arrive at 20:23.
i need a train that leaves before 17:15 if possible.
There are no trains that leave before 07:15. TR 5797 is the earliest train there is that day. Would you like to book this one?
No, thank you. I will have to verify with a friend if we can make TR5797. Can you help with finding an [Indian] restaurant in the east area of town?
Would you prefer moderate or expensive price range?
Any is fine, I just need the postcode and address of it.
Curry prince is the first listed. It's located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. cb58jj is the postcode.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me book a taxi going from [emmanuel college] to [churchill college]?
Yes, I could! What time would you like to depart from Emmanuel College?
Anytime after [21:30] is fine for me, thanks.
Alright! I have a yellow Lexus booked to pick you up. The Contact number is 07543493643. Anything else I can help with?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you!
Thank you! Have a great day!


I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
Certainly! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like sometthing [International].
Okay, I recommend [Bloomsbury restaurant]. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes there will be 8 of us at [17:15] on Wednesday.
I was able to reserve you a table, they will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KNRFFO4K . Do you need anymore assistance today?
Can you help me find a train?
I can help find a train. I need to know where you are traveling from and to and what day and time you wish to travel.
I would like a train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday and I need to arrive before [10:45].
Train TR2704 would suit your needs. Can I book you a ticket?
No thank you. I'll just need the travel time and train ID, please?
The ID is TR2704 and the total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything else?
No. That will be all for now. Thank you for your help.
Sure thing! Enjoy your trip and your dinner. Be sure to contact us for anything else you may need.


Hi, do you know of a good night club?
There are 5 good nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Can I have the phone numbers?
Club Salsa is a nice one, phone is 07782218745. Anything else you need?
I also need a train leaving Stevenage on Saturday, please.
Certainly. Just to confirm, is Cambridge your destination or are you looking for another destination?
I am looking to go from cambridge to stevenage on saturday leaving after [16:30]
The first train out of Cambridge to Stevenage after 16:30 is the TR4216, which leaves at 17:21.
Can you tell me the time it arrives, and the price?
TR4216 arrives in Stevenage at 18:10. Total travel time is 49 minutes, and the per person fare is 10.24 GBP.
OK, thanks, that's all I need.
Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.
Have a good day. Bye.
Thank you for choosing Help Desk.


Hey, are there any good cinemas in Cambridge?
There are two cinemas, one in the south and one in the centre, which area do you prefer?
Either one is fine. How about the south. Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that one?
Sure! The cineworld cinema's phone number is 00872208000 and their post code is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!


Hello, I am looking for a certain hotel in Cambridge called the [autumn house].
The Autumn House is located at 710 Newmarket Road. Would you like for me to book this for you?
Yes, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday for 1 guest please.
I was unable to book, could you please choose another day or pick a shorter stay.
How about 4 nights instead of 5?
Ok. I was able to book for 4 nights. Your reference is DTUFTTJP . Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called [Zizzi Cambridge].
Zizzi Cambridge serves Italian food and is cheap. The phone number is 01223365599, or should I book a table for you?
Can you please repeat the phone number and provide the address. Thank you.
The phone number is 01223365599 and zizzi cambridge is located at 47-53 Regent Street postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need right now. Thanks very much for your help!
Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!


I need an expensive restaurant.
There are 57 expensive restaurants in the city. Is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in?
I would like [Chinese] food in the centre please.
There are 4. Can I make a reservation at one of them? Possibly Tang Chinese?
I need a table for 7 at [19:45] on sunday
I was able to book you at [hk fusion] on Sunday. Reference number 5UP22RA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.


I AM looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east.
Do you have a specific food type that you prefer?
Are there any [swedish] places?
I'm sorry. I didn't find any matches.
Darn, alright. Can we search [chinese] instead then please?
Yes, there is one match. A restaurant called [Yu Garden].
Thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on Monday at [15:15]?
The reservation was successful and they will hold the table for your party for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much. What is the reference number?
Reference number is : 768CRNLY . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks you've been great!
Thank you very much. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?
we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.
I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?


I want to book a taxi after [14:00] and would like to the [rice house].
Certainly we can arrange that - where should they pick you up?
I will be at [Cityroomz].
I've booked you a grey Audi, the contact number is 07702787736.
Thank you that is all I need
If that is all, you're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving [Italian] food?
We've got the Pizza Hut in the center of town that serves Italian food. Would you like to try that?
Maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves Italian food?
There is also Pizza Express, it is an expensive restaurant, or you could try Zizzi Cambridge, which is a cheap option.
I think I will try [Zizzi Cambridge]. Could I get the address and postcode?
Zizzi Cambridge is at 47-53 Regent Street and the postal code is cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a particular hotel called the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast].
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star Guesthouse located in the East. At a moderate price point it boasts both free wifi and free parking. Need more information?
I need the address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
The address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 138 Perne Road. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you. I just needed the information for now. Thanks for you help.
I'm happy we could be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Please ca you tell me how to get to Addenbrookes Hospital
The hospital is located right on Hills Rd, Cambridge, in the postcode CB20QQ. Do you need a specific hospital department?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Wonderful. Glad to help.


I need a train to Cambridge, leaving from the Birmingham New Street station.
I have a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday leaving on 05:40 and arriving at 08:23. The ride is 163 minutes.
I need a train leaving on Thursday at [10:45]
When could you like to arrive?
Anytime is fine as long as I leave after 10:45. I'll need a booking for 6 people and a reference number.
I suggest TR2613. It'll get you there the soonest after 10:45 but not soon enough to where time is tight. It is 450.6 GBP and the reference no. is 5VNL3K87
I will take it. Also, I am looking for a place that serves [thai] food in the west area.
[Sala Thong] is on the west side- it is on the expensive side.
Thank you, that sounds just right.
Great. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
could you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
They are found on 35 Newham Road Newham, their postcod is cb39ey and their number is 01223323178.
Thank you that is all I need today.
You are more than welcome. Have a wonderful afternoon.


I need to book a taxi to the place, please.
I'm going to need a departure site, a destination, and either a time you want to leave or arrive by, please.
I would like a taxi departing from [city centre north b and b] and arriving at [the place]. I would like to arrive by [8:00].
Perfect, expect a yellow Tesla to pick you up. The contact number is 07308517542. Anything else?
That is it, Thank you.
It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Thank you once again for all of your assistance. Have a great day.
You as well, good bye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range.
There are many, can I get a price range and area you would like the restaurant to be in to narrow down the search?
I would like a moderate price range and in the centre. Would you be able to book a table for friday at [19:30]? It would be for 2.
Okay, there are 21 options. Would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down the choices?
Why don't you choose one for me as long as I can get the tables booked.
I tried the yippee noodle bar which serves Asian Oriental food but it is booked. Do you want to stay with Chinese Asian cuisine?
Just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please. And I'll need a reference number.
Ok sorry about that. I can get you a table at restaurant one seven. Your reference number is A2RA63NX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


I want the [creative] food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the south as well.
What is the price range you would prefer today?
Any price range will be fine.
I'm sorry, but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry.
How about [chinese] food?
There's a restaurant that serves delicious Chinese food called [Peking Restaurant] in the expensive range. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please
Okay, Peking Restaurant's number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you?
no, thank you and good bye
You're welcome! Goodbye!


I'm viviting Cambridge and would really love to do something while I am here on a boat. Are there any attractions like that?
There are four boat attractions to choose from. I recommend the [Riverboat Georgina] in the north. Would you like more information about it?
I would love more information, thanks!
Well, the phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Thanks. I'll also need a place to stay on my visit. Could you find me a 3 star hotel nearby?
Do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not have a price range. Any price range will do.
There are two hotels fitting your requirements. Do you have a regional preference?
Yes, I do. North, please., and I would like a guest house.
Okay, the alpha-milton guest house and [hamilton lodge] are both in the north, and both have a moderate price. Do you have a preference?
Either will do. Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.
Booking at thw Hamilton Lodge was successful. Your reference number is 3ZVBKBHN . Anything else?
No that is all, thank you. Good bye.
You are welcome.


I need to find a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse and I'll need free parking for my car.
I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse on the north side. Does that suit your needs?
Does it also have free WiFi?
acorn guest house has internet. Want to book a room?
Yes, can I get the address postcode and the number of stars it has?
It's a 4 star hotel, the Postcode is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road/
Great thank you I am also looking to get some info on the [broughton house gallery]
The broughton house gallery is a museum found in the center of town . Entrance is free. Do you need their contact details?
Yes I need the post code as well, thanks.
Their address is 98 king street, the post code is cb11In, and their number is 01223314960. Anything else?
Nope. Thanks so much for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes hospital is located in town. The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I'll need the postcode and phone also please.
The telephone number is 01223245151 and the postal code is CB20QQ, is there anything else I can help with?
I'm injured so let me call the hospital. Thanks. Goodbye.
I'm sorry to hear that. Please reply if you need any further assistance.


Hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions. I don't need internet or parking. Can you help?
All the lodging I have found offers internet and parking. Would that be ok?
That is perfect, I was looking for free parking as it was.
Is there a particular part of Cambridge you are hoping to stay in?
I'm looking for a place in the cheap price range with free parking.
I think the [Allenbell] would be a good fit. Would you like a reservation?
Does it also have free wifi?
Yes it does have Wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, book one night please. What is the star rating by the way? Also what parks are in the west area?
its a 4-star. from which day should i book?
Actually, I'm not quite ready to book yet. But I am looking for parks in the west part of town. What are my options there?
I don't show any parks in the west. Would you like to try another attraction?
Can you look for a nice museum instead?
There's 7 museums in the west and I highly recommend the cafe jello gallery. Would you like more information?
I'd like the postcode and phone number of that gallery please.
The [cafe jello gallery] is at 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Phone number 01223312112
Can you book me a taxi as well?
Sure, what time would you like to leave and where from?
I want to leave the museum by [23:00].
Can you specify your destination?
I want to go from the [Allenbell] to the [Cafe Jello Gallery]. I want to leave the museum by 23:00.
Booking completed! The booked car type is a yellow skoda and your contact number is 07590574334. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should be all for today, thanks!
no problem. I have changed your booking. Your new taxi would be a black volkswagen and its contact number is 07276925880. Is that everything?
Thank you that's all i need!
You're welcome. Have a good time!


I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by [12:30].
I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.
When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?
I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07. Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
How about [bridge house]? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?
It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I'd rather have a hotel. Are there any available?
How about the ashley hotel in the north. it also has internet.
No thank you that will be all
Great. Thanks for using our service!


Yes, I am going for luxorious today. I need to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
There are a lot to chose from what type of food do you want to eat?
I'd prefer [Italian] food please.
We have 4 matches in the centre area of the town. Do you know the name of the place by any chance?
No, I was hoping for a recommendation.
d recommend [clowns cafe]
Sounds good. Can you reserve me a table for 8 people on Wednesday at [13:15] please?
Your reservation at Clowns Cafe for this wednesday at 13:15 for 8 people was successful. Your Reference number is : XLDDAGQJ .
I need a train to stansted airport on Thursday that arrives by [19:30].
Sure. Train TR5476 leaves Cambridge at 18:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 19:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the travel time for that one?
It's 28 minutes. It's very fast.
Thank you very much!
Anything else you need today?
nope you have been great!
Thank you. Enjoy your dining experience and don't hesitate to call again. Have a great day!


I'm looking for train that go to Cambridge that leaves on Tuesday.
Sure. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Norwich and would like to leave after [12:15], please.
There are twelve possible trains leaving after 12:15. Should I book you on one of them?
I am sorry. I need the train to leave after [21:15] from Norwich. Are there any available?
TR7935 leaves at 21:16 and arrives by 22:35. Is that okay?
That sounds good, I will need 2 tickets please and a reference number.
You are booked for two tickets, Reference number is : RJOUA7E1 .
I am also looking for places to go in town.
Cambridge has over 70 delightful attractions, what type appeals to you most?
I think I would like a nightclub in the centre of town please.
There are 5 different nightclubs in that area. Might I suggest [Ballare]. Would you like more info?
I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number.
The address of Ballare is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
That was everything I needed. Thank you very much for helping me.
You are welcome, goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [British] food please.
I have found 6 restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town?
No, it doesn't matter. Can you reserve one of them for Sunday at [13:00]? I will be dining alone.
Alright, I got you a table at the [Graffiti]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is: FAVAELU5 . Do you need the address or phone number?
No, that is all I need, thank you.
Great. Have a great day!


I need a train on Tuesday, leaving from London Kings Cross.
There are 10 trains leaving London Kings Cross on Tuesday. What time would you like to depart?
Around [08:00] and departing for Cambridge.
There is a train leaving at 9:17. Does that work?
That should work fine can I get tickets for 6 people?
I have booked the train for 6 people. 141.6 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is OFA93O2T .
That sounds great. I appreciate your help. Bye.
Okay Glad i could be of help.


I need a train for Tuesday [after 12:30]
Where would you like to go
I need to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
TR2771 leaves at 13:29. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I'll need it booked for 5 people. Can I please have the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 38589BRC . what else can i do for you?
I'm looking for a place to go in the south. I'd like it to be of the type multiple sports.
The only multiple sports is located in the east. Can I get you information for that place?
Yes, since there is no multiple sports location can you pleas find me something in the east.
There are ten places in the east to pick form, any specific interest in a type of place?
Anything that would be entertainment.
funky fun house and also cherry hinton hall and grounds are both in the east.
Can I get the address to the [funky house]?
They are at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate, postal cb58hy, no info on entrance fee but they can be reached at 01223304705 to answer that.
Great that's all I needed to know today, thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!


I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge. Needs to arrive by [21:00] and leave on Tuesday.
Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.
TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet. Can I get the cost and departure time?
TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.
I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.
I have a [Hamilton Lodge] available in the north, with a 3 star rating. It's moderately priced. It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.
Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.
Does it include free parking and wifi?
I have one guesthouse with both wifi and free parking at Hamilton Lodge. Does this work for you?
What is the price and how many stars does the guesthouse have?
The hamilton lodge has 3 stars.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today. Goodbye!
Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


Could you help me with a particular attraction in Cambridge?
Sure! What type of attraction were you looking for?
I am looking for an attraction called [Camboats]. I need the address, please.
The plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx. Anything else you need?
I would like a train the departs from cambridge and should arrive by [12:00].
Where are you headed to?
I need to go tot he Standsted Airport on Tuesday.
There are six trains on Tuesday that would get you to the airport by 12:00. They run every hour starting at 5:40. Which departure time do you prefer?
I just need to make sure I arrive by 12 pm.
How many tickets do you need?
I need 8 tickets please.
I have booked the train your reference number is L2E6AQ2L .
that is all i wanted for today. have a good day
Thank you have a nice day.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
great, what would you like to know?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the south?
There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Indian, or Chinese food?
[italian] food willl do
[Frankie and bennys] is available, would you like to book it?
Yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at [14:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 1E5RVHJE .is there any other way i can help you?
I also need a train.
What time and where are you departing and arriving?
I would like it to leave after [10:00].
There are 2058 trains to pick from. I'll need to know your departure and destination locations
I'll be leaving Cambridge going to Ely, I'd like to leave after 10:00.
There is one that leaves at [11:50] arriving at 12:07. Would that work for you?
It does and could you please book it for 15 people and could you also give me the reference number?
Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Sorry I actually need that for 8 people on Thursday.
You are all set, the reference number is OY6PZ53J cost is 35.2 GBP payable at the station . Any other questions today?
Nope you've been wonderful, thanks for all the help.
Thank you for the call, have a great trip.


Can you give me the address for Addenbrookes Hospital?
I have the location on Hills Road in Cambridge, CB20QQ. Their phone number is 01223245151.
Wonderful. I have everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.
If that's all, then you are welcome. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.


I'd like a [Kosher] restaurant that's in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, there is not a kosher restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like to try something else?
How about [asian oriental] food?
[Yippee Noodle Bar] is a moderately priced restaurant serving asian oriental food.
What is the address and phone number?
Yippee Noodle Bar's phone number is 01223 518111. Their address is 40428 King Street City Centre
thank you, goodbye
You're welcome.


I'm so hungry! Can you find me an expensive restaurant?
Well if your going to be in the centre then may I suggest kymmoy? They serve asian oriental
Actually, I'd prefer some good [German] food. Is there an expensive German restaurant in the city centre?
I don't have an expensive German restaurant in the centre. We could try a cheaper restaurant or in a different location if you like.
How about one that serves [mediterranean] food in the same parameters?
Yes, there are two! La Mimosa and Shiraz. Which one do you prefer?
I'd like to try [La Mimosa]. Could I get a table for 8 at [15:30] on Friday? A reference number would be great. Thank you
Your table is reserved for Friday, reference number 6HD6GFXN . Can I help you with anything else today?
How much should I expect the cost per person to be at this place?
I am not sure the exact price per person.
That's fine then. Thank you for your help.
You're quite welcome, have a great day!


Hello, are there any moderate [catalan] restaurants in town?
I am sorry my database is showing none in the area
How about [Italian] food, than?
I have found several. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would like something in the moderate price range.
[Prezzo] in the west offers moderately priced Italian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds good. Can you book the table for 7 people on Tuesday at [16:15]? I also need a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after [11:30].
Your reservation with Prezzo was successful and your reference number is ILWV6LDN . They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. What is your destination for the train?
I'll be going to peterborough on wednesday.
The first train to leave after 11:30 on Tuesday is the TR4344, which departs at 11:34 and arrives at 12:24. Would that one do?
Sounds perfect. I need seven tickets please.
OK, I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: KYI5FPOG . Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Let us know if we can help you further. Good day.


I'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the centre.
There is one, Parkside Pools, located at Gonvill Place. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
What is the entrance fee?
My apologies. I do not show the entrance fee in my database, but if you call them, I'm sure they can give you that information.
Okay. I need some information on an [Italian] Restaurant in the expensive range. Can you help me?
There are about 5 different restaurants that have great italian food. Did you have a preference on the area of town?
Yes I need the restaurant to be in the centre.
I think [Clowns Cafe] would be perfect for you. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Before you do that, is it expensive and in the same area as the swimming pool you recommended?
yes, it is expensive and in the centre.
Do they have a table available for 3 people at 11:00 on Monday?
yes, shall i go ahead and reserve a table for you?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Find me a restaurant that serves [belgian] food in the centre
I'm sorry, there aren't any.
How about one that serves [Turkish] food?
I have three Turkish restaurants. Two are moderately priced and one is expensive. Any preference?
I would like to know the price ranges of the 3 if possible please, and also would like to dine in the centre of town.
The Meze Bar Restaurant is expensive. The Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced. They are all located in the centre.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday.
There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to arrive by [21:15] please!
Sorry, I need an origination point to give you that information.
The train should depart from ely and should arrive by 21:15.
The TR4288 train arrives at cambridge at 19:52. Can I book it for you?
Not right now. Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
That is all I need.
Ok great, have a wonderful day.


Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?
Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge
There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.
That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after [15:45].
Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209 which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.
There is nothing in the price range you mentioned. Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?
I would like a cheaper hotel.
Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
I still have some requests for the hotel, before you book it.
Okay what can I do for you?
I need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, moderately priced, and with wifi. Type doesn't matter.
There are 3 in the east area. Do you need free parking?
That doesnt matter. Choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 5 nights. And do remember to send me the reference number
I hve booked it as requested, the reference number is 3W8OKRO8, any further questions today?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Please have a nice day and thank you for calling.


I need a to find a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge.
Do you want the earliest train?
It needs to leave after [9:15]
There are 105 trains making that trip do you have a day you need to travel?
I am looking to leave on Thursday. Can you also please give me the train ID for this trip?
TR0031 leaves at 9:24, would you like me to book it for you?
That might be cutting it a little close. Maybe one an hour later?
Okay I have a 10:24 that arrives at 10:52.
Can you give me the train ID for the 10:24?
Sure, the TR2635 train leaves at 10:24 and arrives at 10:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
Did you need anything else today, or may I close this conversation in our system?
That's all. Thank you.
Thank you, have a good day. Goodbye.


