I would like to find a restaurant named [Tandoori Palace]. Do you know of that restaurant?
I do. It's a very nice Indian restaurant on the West side.
Can you give me the postcode for it please?
The postcode is cb43le. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thanks. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of [Bangkok City]?
Certainly, bangkok city is a thai restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
No thank you. I would like to book a reservation for Wednesday at [5:45 pm].
and how many people will the reservation be for?
There are 6 of us.
Unfortunately, the restaurant is booked. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Something in the same area and same pricerange, please.
I can book reservations for a thai in the centre area that meets your needs
Yes please that would be great. We love thai.
I am so sorry, but I was not able to book this. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes please try to book a different [Thai] restaurant.
Great news. I was able to book the [Sala Thong] and your reference number is VMHJ6Y3I.
Thanks so much. That is awesome! Have a good day!
You're very welcome. Goodbye.


Someone told me about a place called [Old Schools]. It's supposed to be some kind of attraction. Can you tell me anything about it?
Old schools is an architecture museum in the centre area. The admission is free. Would you like tickets?
Yes, please. That would be great.
I just checked and it is free. The address is trinity lane and the phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks so much!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.
Meghna serves moderately priced Indian food and is in the West part of town.
Are there any other restaurants?
There is [saint johns chop house] with moderate pricing in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number and postcode?
saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street. Its phone number is 01223 353110 and the postcode is CB30AD, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That'll do it.
Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!


do you have information about [all saints church]?
All Saints Church is a fine bit of architecture in the center of Cambridge. They are located on Jesus Lane, cb58bs, and their phone is 01223452587.
Is there an entrance fee and if so, how much is it?
Nope, it's totally free. Can I help with any other information today?
Can you find me a moderately priced [british] restaurant now?
Restaurant One Seven is in the moderate range and serves British food, would you like the address ?


I need to find a place to sleep on the east side, it doesnt matter is the parking is free or not.
There are 7. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or a hotel?
I think a guesthouse would be more personal.
I'd recommend the [Autumn House]. It's a guesthouse in the east. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks. I just need the price range, postcode and phone number.
The autumn house is a cheap guesthouse located in postcode cb58rs. The phone number is: 01223575122. Are you sure I can't help you with a reservation?
No thank you. Could you tell me about [Russian] restaurants in the east?
there are no russian restaurant in the east
are there any expensive restaurants?
Yes the are some in the East,what type of food do you like ?
I am a big fan of [British] food. Do you have an expensive one in the east?
The [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] is a British restaurant in the East area, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for Monday at [12:00] for 4 people please.
I am unable to book you for that time. Would you like a different day?
Could you try Wednesday?
That isn't available either. Would like to try a different time of day?
How about 12:00?
Monday just became available so I booked it before someone else does. Let me know if that won't work for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CAMFOFY8
Great!! Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Awesome, thanks for your patience and thank you or visiting cambridge.


I would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a mexican restaurant in the south part of town an has an expensive price range.
could you please give me the address and phone number ?
[chiquito restaurant bar] is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170.
thanks, bye bye
you are welcome, bye


I want to depart from Cambridge by train.
I can help with that, what day are you looking to depart on?
I would like to leave on Saturday.
And where will you be heading to?
I am going to Stansted Airport.
and what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after [13:00].
First train out after 13:00 is TR6193, leaving at 13:40. It's a 28-minute trip, and each ticket is 8.08GBP. Would you like to book passage?
Yes please. I need 1 ticket.
Booking was successful Your reference number is TNU1H19G . Do you need assistance with anything else?
Yes please. I need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
You have some great choices. Do you have a preferred cuisine?
Not really, no. What's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?
Oh well if your letting me decide then kymmoy serves the best asian oriental food! Phone is 01223311911 postcode is cb12as and they are at 100 Mill Rd City Centre
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Have a nice day and thank you for calling.


I'm looking for someplace to go in town.
I'd be happy to help you find something. Are you looking for something in town centre? There are cinemas, colleges, concert halls just to name a few.
I'd love to try a local restaurant
We have many restaurants in town. What type of cuisine are you looking for, and what's your budget like?
First, I need an attraction in the east. Can you choose one and get me the entrance fee, postcode, and attraction type? Then I'd like an expensive restaurant in the east.
I'm sorry, that's a lot of information for just one response. There are 10 attractions in the east - do you care what sort?
Just do what I say! I don't care what you choose! Give me the necessary information too. Then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive [north indian] food
Try the Cambridge Museum of Technology which is a museum. The entrance fee is 5 pounds and postcode is cb58ld. There are no expensive North Indian restaurants in the east.
How about expensive restaurants that serve [Indian] food in the same area?
For expensive restaurants with Indian food, we have Pipasha, and the Sitar Tandoori.
I want the [Pipasha] for 1 at [16:30] on Saturday.
I apologize but I was not able to book for that time. Would you like me to try another time slot?
Yes try [15:30] on saturday and need a reference number thank you.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MKRUJ1BR . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! That is everything I needed. Thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


I need information on a restaurant called [panahar].
i've pulled up their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people at [15:15] on Sunday. I'll need the reference number as well.
Your table at Panahar has been reserved for 15 minutes starting at 15:15 on Sunday. Your reference number is TIYE4F1Y . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for things to do in the west. Can you recommend anything?
The Whale of a Time entertainment venue is a fun choice. We also have museums and colleges to visit, if you'd like something quieter.
Can you tell me the address for The [Whale of a Time] entertainment venue? And is there an entrance fee to get in there?
I do not have any information on an entrance fee but I can give you the address which is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thanks for that, that's all I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.
thanks alot. it was great talking to you
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge meet your specifications, would you like to book one of them now?
Are either one of them a guesthouse?
No, they are not. I do have 33 guesthouses that fit your needs.
Can you give me the star rating of your top three guesthouses along with a price range?
They are all 4 star guesthouses that are moderately priced.
Can you give me the phone number for your favorite of those?
The avalon is my personal favorite. Their phone number is 01223353071, anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called [The Hotpot]. Can you help me with that?
Yes, I found it. It is in the expensive price range in the north area. The phone number is 0123366552. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes please. For 1 at [16:45] this Saturday.
You are all set, the reference number is, can I help with anything else?
What was the reference number?
Your reference number is JK25TFX6 . Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be everything. Thank you
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you too!
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I need a guesthouse, free parking included.
ok, the acorn guesthouse is a great place. Located in the north and is moderately priced. They offer free parking and internet.
Is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?
No, unfortunately there are no guest houses that offer free parking but do not offer free internet.
Okay, what about one that does have internet?
I think your best bet is Acorn Guest House. They fulfill your need for free parking and are in the north.
How many stars does the [Acorn Guest House] have?
The Acorn Guest House is rated 4 stars.
What is the address of the Acorn?
Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I am also looking for a train that leaves after [14:15].
TR2420 train leaves at [15:00], may I book this for you?
Could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.
Sure thing, Reference number is : A4C2KF23 . Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for information about the [museum of archaeology and anthropology].
That museum is located over at University of Cambridge, downing street. It's free to visit.
Could you please provide me with the postcode. Thank you!
The post code is cb23dz.
I also need a train, to cambridge, I want to arrive by [17:45].
There's a train that leaves at 13:17, want that one?
As long as it arrives in Cambridge by 17:45 and departs from Broxbourne that will work.
What day do you need the train?
I will travel Tuesday.
Is there a time you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at 17:45.
I have one arriving at 7:32 will this work for you?
Thats perfect. What is the price and travel time on this train?
It is 17.90 pounds and takes 60 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks, just gathering information, that is all I need.
Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed today.
Glad I could help come backk if you need anything else


i'm looking for a nightclub
I have a lot of nightclubs in the city center. Do you want me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. And can you tell me what area it's in and what the entrance fee is? And the address too, of course.
Sure! The Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre. The address is 1 Wheeler Street. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you, I also need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.
Did you have a date or time in mind?
I need to travel saturday and get there by [14:45]
TR5729 arrives by 14:08. Would you like a ticket?
I need 6 tickets and the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IHJSSXL2
Thanks for all the help!
I'm glad I was able to help. Thanks for using our service today.


I would like to find a cheap [indian] restaurant to dine at.
There are 4 cheap Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer to go to a specific area of town?
Yes, I want to go in Cambridge and I will need the address, postcode, and area to find it.
There are 4 restaurants that meet your request. Can you tell me what area of town you'd prefer?
I have no preference but I would like an attraction to visit in the city center.
I would recommend the [Royal Spice] restaurant in the north, on Victoria Ave in Chesterton, postcode cb41eh. What area would you like your attraction to be located in?
I would prefer it to be in the centre. Could you give me the address and postcode?
Can I recommend kohinoor, it's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,and the postcode is cb12as.
What sort of attraction is Kohinoor?
I'm not sure, [Kohinoor] is not listed in my database. Are you sure you spelled that correctly?
I need a taxi between the restaurant and the hotel .
what time would you want to leave?
I would like to leave by [6:30].
Just to double check ... you want a taxi at 6:30? In the morning?
Yes, I would like to leave by 6:30 in the morning please
I see that we haven't discussed hotel reservations. Before I book a taxi, can you tell me where you are staying? Or can I help you to make a reservation?
Sorry, I misspoke. I need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 06:30.
Ok we have a taxi booked between Kohinoor and Royal Spice, a red Toyota. Contact number is 07391598275
That's all that I need for now. Thank you for your help.
Alright. Thank you for calling.
Have a great day now.
You, too. I hope you have a wonderful trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.


I want a place to eat that serves [swiss] food.
there are no restaurants with swiss food kindly suggest another,
How about does anyone serve [European] food?
I have many places serving European food. Do you have a price range preference?
It doesn't matter. Please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at [11:30] on saturday.
[Michaelhouse Cafe], 15-19 Trumpington Street, reservation for Saturday for 8 people. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number VRZWVKT7 . Will there be anything else today?
I am also needing help finding a room. I don't care if they offer free parking or internet.
I have so many choices for you. It would be better to narrow the down by area.
I'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. It doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. Closer to the restaurant would be preferred.
I would recommend [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to make a booking?
I don't need a reservation right now but can I get more information?
Rosa's is a guesthouse in the cheap price range. It has 4 stars. The address is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Do you need more information?
Ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is JXKUVL9Y .
Thank you very much!
May I assist you with anything else today?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
When would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at [11:30].
Ok I need departure location, arrival location and travel time to book your taxi.
I will be leaving [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast and heading to the restaurant. Please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.
Okay I have booked the taxi and you should expect to see a yellow Skoda and your contact number is 07075628107.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. Have nice trip and call back with any questions.


I need a taxi today arriving at [21:00].
I need a little more information. Where are you leaving from?
Oh I'm sorry - I need to be picked up at the [whipple museum of the history of science].
What is your destination?
I want to go to [restaurant two two].
And do you want to be picked up from whipple museum at 2100 or get to restaurant two two at 2100?
I'd like to arrive at Restaurant Two Two by 21:00 please.
Great I have you booked in a grey lexus and the contact number is 07398176919.
Great thanks! That's all I need.
Glad I could help. Let us know if there's ever anything else we can help you with.


Yes, I am planning my trip to Cambridge. There are so many things to do it seems. Exciting. Can you help me with some information?
I certainly can. We have nearly 80 different attractions around town. First of all, do you have any preference as to the area of town you want to visit?
I would like the centre area please.
What types of attractions are you interested in, buildings, museums, nightclubs?
I am most interested in museums.
There are several museums, do you prefer an art or history themed museum?
Just any type of museum will do.
[Cambridge contemporary art] is available, are you interested in that?
Yes, that sounds good. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Thank you, can you also help me with finding a hotel in the est?
Would the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] be good?
Yes that would be great! Thank you for helping me with this.
You're welcome. Would you like me to book a room?
Oops look like I made a typo. Is that hotel a guesthouse and in the cheap price range?
Certainly. I see three guest houses, the [allenbell], autumn house and leverton house, all with internet and parking. Would you like to book one of these?
As long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do. I need 4 people 2 nights from Monday please.
You have a room at The [Allenbell] at 517a Coldham Lane. The reference number is QF67O63Y . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. I'd like to leave the hotel by [01:00].
It's ready! Look for a blue tesla around that time. If you want to contact them call 07618255220. Would that be all for you today?
Yes that would be all thank you.
Excellent. Enjoy your day!


How's it going? I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please
what is the type of food that you prefer?
[North American] food please.
The [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] is a perfect option for you. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please, a table for two at [17:15] on Friday.
I was able to book a table that they will hold for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MN02CWCF . May I assist you with anything else?
Can you help me find a room in the north part of town?
There are thirteen room options in the north part of town. Do you have any preferences that can help narrow down the options?
I need free parking but other than that I'm not picky.
ok, i have eleven options for you.
Can you suggest one please?
[city centre north b and b] is a nice guesthouse, would you like me to book you?
No but if you can, please get me their phone number and I'll take it from there.
Their number is 01223312843.
Great, thank you!
city centre north b and b has been notified that you are calling them shortly.
Thank you so much for all your help.
Thank you for using our service today!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [world] food?
Unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications. Would you like me to look for a different kind of food?
The restaurant should be in the north.
The only restaurants in the north serve Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, French, Indian or Italian food. Would you like to change to one of those?
Tell me about the [Indian] restaurants in the north then please?
There are two Indian restaurants, the nirala and royal spice. The royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range.
Can you book me a table for two at the [Royal Spice]?
What day would you like this reservation to be available for?
I need a booking for 2 people at [17:30] on tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes. Can you look for something in the same area and price range please?
I can get a table for you at [da vinci pizzeria]. This is the only other place to eat in that area. Reference number is W6MFU6XD .
That is perfect. Thank you for all the help!
Thank you for using our system!


a north part of town restaurant
do you have a price range preference? We have several restaurants in the north part of town
I do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving [indian] food.
There is a fairly cheap Indian restaurant named [Royal Spice] in the north part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that was all I needed. Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you.


Hello! I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the centre of town. Can you help?
[The man on the moon] is a concerthall in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and could you give me the phone number too?
Oh of course! Their number is 01223474144.
And the address is? And while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star hotels close to it?
The man on the moon's address is 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. There is one hotel in that area with 3 stars, the [Gonville Hotel]. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi? If yes, please book for 2 people for 1 night. Thank you for your help.
They do have free wifi! For which day would you like the reservation?
I actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could I have the postcode and phone number for the Gonville? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
The [Gonville] is indeed a hotel. Their postcode is cb11ly. You can reach them by phone at 01223366611.
Thanks, I also need a taxi to go the hotel. I want to leave [the Man on the moon] at [16:15]. Can you get me the contact number and car type?
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07709163859. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it thank you! That was all the info I needed! Thank you and have a good day.
I'm happy to help. Have a lovely day.


I want to find a cheap restaurant serving [international] food. What is the address and postcode?
The Missing Sock matches your request they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road C.B 25, 9 A.Q 01223 812660 is the phone number
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.


Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?
The Cambridge Belfry is the only cheap hotel in town that has free wifi. It's in the west side of town at back lane, cambourne. Do you want a reservation?
I would like a little more information about the [Belfry] hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?
Yes, it does have a four star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No but what is the address?
The Cambridge Belfry is located at Back Lane, Cambourne. Can I help you with something else?
No thank you that will be all
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I am in the market to book a hotel tonight.
Okay I can help you with that. What area will you be staying in and what is your price range?
I'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi. I'd like a guesthouse please.
The Avalon guest house is nice. It is at 62 Gilbert Road. Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking and can I get the phone number please?
They do not offer free parking at the Avalon. Their phone number is 01223353071. Can I reserve a room for you or is there anything else you need?
Yes I need train tickets leaving cambridge on sunday
May i please know you destination, preferred time of departure and arrival so i filter the results i have.
I am leaving kings lynn anytime after [12:00]
The TR5507 train matches your description. The price is 7.84 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
What is the arrival time for the TR5507?
The arrival time of the TR5507 is 12:58.
Thanks you've been a great help.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
What type of food and price range are you interested in?
I don't have a preference for food but I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
How about [Little Seoul], a Korean restaurant that's located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any more information? Or would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good, can you please send the postcode. Also I need a train leaving on Sunday to Cambridge.
Yes their postcode is cb21dp. Where will you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from ely at [5:15].
The closest I can get you to that time frame is a train that leaves from Ely at 13:35.
Actually, I need a train leaving from leicester after [5:30].
How about train TR9382 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?
i misspoke i need it to leave after [15:30]
Okay the TR9823 leaves at 15:35.
How much is the train fare?
The train fare from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday is 30.24 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the total travel time?
The travel time is 105 minutes.
Ok, thank you, that is all the info I need right now.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need a train for Sunday please. I prefer one that arrives by [20:15]
We have a lot of those! Where is your destination?
I'm heading to Birmingham New Street.
TR2631 arrives by 19:44. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price, train ID, and departure time, please?
The train will depart Cambridge at 17:01 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
I would also like to find a nice concerthall in the middle of town.
The concerthall in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for your help. That's exactly what I needed today. Goodbye.
You are so welcome, it was my pleasure! Goodbye for now!


I'm craving some spicy food so find me an [Indian] restaurant on the East end please
The Curry Prince might fit the bill. Would you like reservations?
no not right now thanks
Okay. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, is the [Curry Prince] in the moderate price range? If so, I'll need to make a reservation.
For how many, and day and time?
8 people at [12:15] on Friday, please.
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4YZLGJJL . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking
Would you like the guesthouse on the east side of town as well?
That would be fine.
There are 4 different options. 3 of the guesthouse are cheap and the oter 2 are moderate priced. Is there one you'd prefer?
You can decide please. I need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting Friday please. I'm looking forward to this!
Ok, the booking was successful for the [allenbell] guesthouse. 517a coldham lane, cb13js, phone:01223210353. The reference number is : WFFLJRT2 .
Okay, thank you!
Anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.
OKay let us know if you need anything else.
I do actually need a taxi between the two places. I need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.
I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a white Volvo. If you need to reach them, please call 07601547949.
that is it for now thanks
Thanks for calling, and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train going to Cambridge?
I have many trains available. What is your departure site?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Saturday.
Did you have a time in mind?
I'm looking to travel after [12:45]
I have TR8390 leaving at 13 40shall i book it ?
Sure, that will work. No need to book, but can I please get the price of the ticket?
Yes the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you also let me know what [whale of a time] is and its entrance fee?
Whale of a time is an entertainment venue in the west. I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their phone number is 01954781018.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.
Alright, have a great day.


I need medical treatment.
You can reach Addenbrookes Hospital at phone number 01223245151, and they are located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Do you need further assistance?
No thank you.
Thank you is there anything else
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.


I would like more information on a hotel called [cityroomz] for my trip to Cambridge.
Cityroomz is a moderate priced accommodation, located in the city centre, on Station Road. May I assist with a booking?
No, I just need to know if they have free internet.
Yes, Cityroomz does have free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also would like information on a place to eat in the centre of town.
I can definitely help you with that. Was there a specific type of cuisine you were interested in?
Yes I was interested in [European] food in expensive price range
[Eraina] is a great european restaurant in the centre of town. It's located at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please, I would like their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223368786. Is their anything else I may assist you with?
That's all I needed today, thank you.
Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I was hoping you can find me a museum in the centre.
There are 11 museums in the city centre. I recommend castle galleries. Can I help with anything else?
Which museum is located in the centre? Can you give me a phone number and address please?
Try the Broughton House Gallery, at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Yes I also need a train to Bishops Stortford leaving after [20:15]
I can get some train options for you if you tell me what day you want to leave and where you want to leave from.
I need to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.
TR1159 will have you in bishops stortford by 22:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people, and I need a reference number.
Okay, I've booked 6 train tickets for you. Your reference number is NW67NGNA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you helped with everything I needed today. Thanks!
You're welcome, have a great day.


I need a place to stay, can you help?
What price range and in what area?
I don't care about price, but I'd like to stay in the south. I do like guesthouses better than hotels.
Do you have a preference of number of stars?
I do not have a star preference.
How about [Aylesbray Lodge] Guesthouse on Mowbray Road? It has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range.
Great. Can you tell me their post code, and if they have internet?
The postcode is cb17sr and they have internet. Would you like me to book it?
I'm not ready to book yet. Would you also look up places I can visit while I am in town?
of course, any museums you're interested in?
I'd like to find a very nice park out in the south.
I would recommend sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway
Can I have their address and postcode.
Of course! Their address is [fen causeway], newnham road and the post code is cb22ad.
I also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by [05:45], contact number and car type.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey audi Contact number : 07742989750 Help Desk : (Your response)
Thanks for your help!
Have a great day!


I want a train going to london kings cross.
We have 70 trains that meet that criteria, what is your point of departure please?
I am departing from cambridge.
Great! What day would you like to leave? Do you have any preferred times to leave and arrive by?
I would like to travel on monday and leave after [15:30].
There are four trains that depart every two hours. The earliest leaves at 17:70 and the last one leaves at 23:00. What's your preference?
Please book the 17:70 for 3 people.
Actually, the earliest train, TR7786 leaves Cambridge at [17:00] and arrives at 17:51. Should I go ahead a book this for 3 people?
Yes please it needs to be for three people.
I was able to book it, reference number is M9MIP9U1
Great, thanks! Also, can you tell me about the [Worth House], please?
i am not sure is that a restaurant?
I didn't ask about a restaurant. I'm pretty sure that's a hotel.
Sorry about that. Worth House is a cheap guesthouse located in the north.
Yes I would like to book it for 2 nights from Saturday for 3 people please.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1HLAC0TN .
Thanks, that is all I need.
Have a great trip.


I need to find places to go. Can you aid me?
How about visiting one of our many architecturally important churches? May I offer you a list?
I should very much like to explore the East, what is located there?
There are 10 different entries for that area. Are you looking for something specific?
What attractions are in the East ?
There are a couple museums, some entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these interest you?
How about a museum
There are 4 museums there. The cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, and saint barnabas press gallery are all free. The cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
The [Cambridge Artworks] sounds good. Can I get the address and phone number please?
The cambridge artworks is at 5 greens road, cb13ef. The number there is 01223902168.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking.
What area of town would you like to stay in?
I had no preference going into this, but lets try east since the museum is there.
There are about 6 places you can choose. Are you wanting a specific price range?
No but quality matters, are any of them 4 stars?
Yes there are five hotels in the area that are 4 star hotels. Would you like me to list them for you?
I'd like a guesthouse, 4 stars. Area doesn't really matter. Can you recommend anything?
there are 16 available. the one that is a beautiful place and is really inexpensive is the limehouse guesthouse. do you need a room?
I need a hotel or guesthouse with 4 stars that has free wifi, can you make a recommendation based on that?
I recommend the allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse that is located in the east like your attraction is. It has free parking and wifi. Shall I book for you?
No booking, just get me the phone number.
I'd like you to book the [allenbell]. Before I do can you tell me how far is it from the theater?
I wouldn't know this.
I can book that for you but need to know how many people, when and how many nights.
Sorry, actually, can you please just send me their phone number?
No problem at all. The phone number for Allenbell is 01223210353.
Thank you so much for your help. That is all that I need today.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need a train out of cambridge on Monday.
There are over 200 possibilities. Where will you be traveling to from Cambridge?
Let's change the date to leaving on Tuesday after [20:00] and it should be departing Cambridge and to the Birmingham New Street.
I would recommend TR6319 which leaves Cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 22:44.
Perfect. Can you book 3 seats for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VMZ1Y1EA . Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, please. I also need a hotel with free wifi. And, thank you for the train reservation.
You're welcome! What part of town would you like to stay in?
The area is flexible. I am more concerned with finding something with 2 stars and with free wifi.
Okay. There are 3 hotels matching your description. Two moderately priced hotels in the north, and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you want me to recommend one?
What's the name of the expensive hotel?
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is the expensive hotel.
thats fine, thanks
Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I'm just gathering information right now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your stay!


Yes, I need a train that is leaving from Stansted Airport on Saturday.
TR4194 stansted airport cambridge saturday 05:24 05:52 8.08 pounds 28 minutes. Would you like me to book you on this schedule?
I need to leave after [17:00] and it should go to cambridge.
Train Tr5953 leaves at 17:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
This works perfectly, thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How much would the train ride cost me?
The train is 8.08 pounds per person.
Can you give me the travel time?
The travel time is 28 minutes.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
Thank you for using this service, have a nice day.


What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Leicester?
I can definitely help you with finding a train. It would help to start with which day you would like to travel on.
I need to leave on Friday.
What time would you prefer?
I'd like to leave after [9], and I need one ticket, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP and it is payable at the station
Could I have the reference number please?
Absolutely, the reference number for your booked space is TCR6N0NV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for moderate priced [Asian] food.
Are you looking for asian oriental? If so, I have the [Yippee Noodle Bar] in the centre of town. Would you like more information or a reservation for them?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book a table for 1 at [20:00] on friday.
I have a table reserved for you. Your reference number is 0znem1mc . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. thanks, goodbye.
Have a good day. Good bye.


I am looking for a nightclub in the town centre.
There are five nightclubs I can show you. How about the Ballare at lion yard?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for [Ballare]? I also need the address.
address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thanks for the info. Can you also tell me if there are any trains on Saturday that leave after [11:15]?
Yes, there are trains that leave after 11:15.
Thanks, Are there trains that depart from Cambridge?
Certainly, there are 134, do you have an arrival time in mind?
No, but I need to leave after 11:15.
To help narrow it down, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I am going to stansted airport and need to leave on Saturday.
TR3373 meets your criteria and arrives by 12:08. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need to book for 8 people and get the reference number please.
Great the reference number is 7LIC35YA .
Thank you! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help!
You are quite welcome! Have a safe flight!


Are there are [jamaican] restaurants in the centre part of town?
Regretfully, no. Is there another cuisine you would enjoy?
Oh no. I had my heart set on Jamaican. Can you please verify? I'll have to think a minute on another cuisine.
I am unable to find any Jamacian restaurants in town.
Well bummer. How about a restaurant that serves [Indian] food instead?
There are plenty of those to choose from. Do you have a price range?
i need expensive, please.
There are 6 expensive Indian restaurants in the city. May I recommend Curry King?
Which ever you think is the best, please give me the address.
I would suggest [curry king].
Thanks, what is their address?
their address is 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I am also looking for a train going to Broxbourne on Thursday.
Okay! From Cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge. Thanks!
There are several trains available. Do you have a preference on departure or arrival times?
Yes, I need to make sure I leave by [17:00].
I recommend TR2125 that leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01
Great, it leaves after 8:15, the time I should have told you in the first place. What is the travel time on TR2125 please?
The travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that is all i need, thank you
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. You've been very helpful. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. It was nice speaking with you! Have a nice day!


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Australian] food.
There are no records matching your request for an expensive restaurant serving Australian food. May I help you find a different restaurant?
What about [British] food?
There are six restaurants matching your query. One of them is travellers rest.
Could I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?
there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I want to find a place to stay in the moderate price range. Parking doesn't need to be free.
There are a total of 18 places that you can stay at. Would you rather have a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse please. Oh, and I don't need internet either.
There are 15 guesthouses with the preferences you have mentioned. Do you have a preference on stars or location?
Could I get the stars of the hotel and phone numbers?
the alpha-milton guest house is a three star location in the moderate price range. their phone number is 122 331 1625.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to dine. Im thinking [British] food and it should be in the centre.
We've got seven different places in the center of town to eat with moderate to expensive pricing. Do you have a preference?
No just as long as it serves British food and is in the centre. I also need to get the post code for the one you choose.
What day and time do you plan to dine?
I don't care about the time or day. I would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves British food in the centre area of town, please.
The Oak Bistro serves British food and is in the centre. The postal code is cb21eg.
Thank you - that's all I'll need today. I appreciate your help!
Have a good day!


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.
There are several to choose from. Is there a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'm on food stamps and I can only afford the cheapest place.
There are 3 guesthouses available. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and wifi. They are the Allenbell, the Autumn House, and the Leverton House.
Do they have free wifi, and parking? Free is my ideal price.
Yes, the guesthouses all provide free wifi and free parking. Would you like to a book a room at one?
No, but could you give me the postcode?
There are three guesthouses that meet that criteria, Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. For which would you like the postcode?
May I have the postcode for the [Allenbell], please?
sure thing it is cb13js
I also wanted to find a nightclub to visit while I'm there.
there are quite a few in the towns centre. the [kambar] is quite nice at 1 wheeler st
That sounds great. Is there a cover charge?
Yes there is. It is five pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number?
Yes I will work on rounding that up for you.
Great I appreciate it!
The address is 1 Wheeler Street, postcode cb23qb, ant the phone is 01223842725.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by [15:45] please
Booking completed! Booked car type : red tesla Contact number : 07362491637 Can I help you anything else today?
thank you very much
You are very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for the [acorn guest house].
Ah, yes. The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and located in the north. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free internet and parking.
Sounds perfect. What is the phone number?
its phone number is 01223353888
Thank you. Can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from cambridge.
Where are you going to and what time would you like to leave?
I am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and I need to leave after [19:30].
The TR3544 leaves at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like to book it?
yes book it for me please
How many people do you want to purchase tickets for?


I would like to book a taxi to [the gandhi].
I can help you book that, first I'll need to know where you'd like picked up at.
I want to be picked up at [prezzo] please
I'll need a little more information to find you a taxi. What time would you like to arrive at the ghandi?
I can't leave until after [16:30], please.
Okay, I've got a grey ford with the contact number 07766078886.
Thank you very much!
You are most welcome!


I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?
Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.
What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry. I need to leave after [16:00] going to London Liverpool Street.
The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.
I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please
There are nine I recommend [allenbell] it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode please?
Yes, I am waiting for my system to load I will have that for you shortly.
Um, ok. Are you read to give me that information now?
01223210353 is the phone number. The postcode is cb13js. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need from you today, Thanks a bunch!
Thank you. Feel free to call back if you need assistance.


I was just robbed and I want my stuff back
The phone number for the police is 01223358966, they are located in postcode CBV11JG. Best of luck to you.
Can you give me the exact address for the police?
The address of the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you for your help.
You are more than welcome!


Could you please assist me in finding a hospital in town
Certainly the Info of the nearest hospital is as follows: Addenbrookes Hospital Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
Thank you, that's all I need!
You're welcome! Have a pleasant day!


I would like to get some information about a local restaurant and a hotel please. Include the best options for me.
Ok, lets start with a hotel, any preference of type, area or price range?
The hotel that I am looking for is called [Gonville]. I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 0NVL3745 . Do you need anything else?
Can you find me a [modern European] cuisine restaurant in the centre area?
Wehave four options that meet your needs, are preference on price range?
I would like the moderate price range.
I have two options one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is [riverside brasserie,which] would you like?
The latter please. Can you book that?
Okay, and how many people will the restaurant reservation be for?
Please reserve for 8 people.
What day would you like to go?
I want to go Wednesday please
I would be happy to book the reservation for you, but I need a time, please.
How much time?
What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to leave the hotel by 09:15
I'm sorry for the confusion. Do you want a reservation at the riverside brasserie? If so, what time would you like that reservation?
sorry, i'm being such a confusing pain. i don't want to reserve a table. i just need the address.
Sure their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else?
Can I get the postcode with that? And their phone number, while you're at it?
Yes their phone number is 01223366611 and their postcode is cb11ly.
I also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. I'd like to leave the Gonville hotel by [09:15]
When would you like to arrive by?
I just mentioned that I would like to leave by 9:15 please.
Booking completed! Booked car type: grey bmw Contact number : 07262375327. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.
I hope you have a pleasant stay!


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a department you're needing the phone number for?
No, just the general number and address please.
The phone number is 01223245151.
Is Hills Rd the full hospital address?
Yes that is the full address given on our system. The postcode is CB20QQ if that is of any help.
Alright. Thank you for all of your help. Have a great day.
You too, hope you feel better


I would really like to go find places in the centre of town.
Sure, we have lots of places to go. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure. What's your favorite thing to do?
There is a park that is nice. It's called cambridge university botanic gardens, does that sound interesting to you?
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?
The address for cambridge university botanic gardens is bateman street and postcode is cb21jf.
I also need a train going to broxbourne I need to leave after [13:00].
I have several trains going to Boxbourne. What day do you want to leave? Where are you leaving from?
I want to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.
I have train TR9033 that leaves at 14:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 15:01. Would that work for you?
That is all the information I need. Thank you.
Can I get you information on anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful. Thanks for everything. Bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi, I am looking to go to a place with multiple sports in the centre. Can you help me?
The cherry hinton village centre is available if that works for you?
Is that a multiple sports attraction in the centre? How much does it cost?
No, the only multiple sports place is in the east. Would you prefer that one, or perhaps a different type of attraction in the centre?
I'd like to definitely see something in the centre of town. How about a museum? Can you recommend a nice one?
There are 5 museums in the centre of town. All with free admission. My favorite is [Castle Galleries] on St. Andrews Street.
Excellent, can I get the address and post code please?
Of course! The postcode is cb23bj and it is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that is all thanks.
If you need anything else, feel free to contact us again. Have a nice day.


I am wanting to visit a college while I am traveling in town. Do you have any listings?
There are 18 colleges that you can visit. Is there a particular part of town that you are interested in?
I have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? I would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.
[Christ's college] is located in the centre of town at listed postcode cb23bu. The entrance fee is free. Would you like more information?
No thanks, but I do need a place to stay. Could you find me something with free parking?
There are five places with parking, is there a specific price range you would like to look for?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better
Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the West side of town.
Any other requests?
Thank you! I would like it to have at least 4 stars.
I have two, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Doesn't matter. Do both include wifi?
Yes both have wifi
You know what, come to think of it I think I would prefer to stay on the south side of town. Can you check for a 4-star hotel there?
There are two 4-star hotels: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Could you get me the postcode for [Rosa's B&B]? And is that a hotel or guesthouse?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse. It has internet and parking, as requested, and the postcode is cb22ha. Shall I book a room for you at Rosa's?
Yes I will also need to book a taxi from [Rosa's] for [04:45].
Just to confirm, you want a taxi from Rosa's to Christ's College with a departure time of 04:45, correct?
That is correct.
Okay you have a booked car, a blue tesla, contact number 07113187062.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today. Bye.
You are most welcome. Have a good day.


I need to find a restaurant called [taj tandoori]
Nice place. It is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton. Can I book a table for you?
Yes. I need a place for 3 on Wednesday at [17:15].
Great! That booking was successful and your reservation number is K1T4IC74 .
I also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 0.
[Cityroomz] matches those requirements. Would you like the phone number, or a reservation?
Does it have free parking?
I'm afraid it does not offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Is there anywhere else which would offer free parking?
Not with those criteria. We could start a new search if you like.
how about a cheap hotel with free parking?
I have two guesthouse available. They both offer free parking and are 0 stars. One is in the north and one in the centre? Do you want a specific area?
The area doesn't matter. Can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on Wednesday.
I was able to book you at [el shaddai]. Your Reference number is : 4WHOTORJ .
Can I get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I would like to arrive shortly before the booking time.
I have booked your taxi. Your car is a blue volkswagen, they can be reached at at 07653689405 if you have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set for today. You have been very helpful. Thanks. Bye.
Thank you for using our service. Good-bye!


I am looking for [Mediterranean] food in the center of the city.
I show 3 available. 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap. May I book a table for you?
I'd like the expensive range and I'd like to book a table for 7 people on Saturday at [15:45].
I have booked you at the [Shiraz Restaurant] for 7 people Saturday at 15:45. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much. That is all I need today. Have a great evening.
Sure. Your reference number is MSV3UPS2 . You will likely need it.
Great. Thanks so much!
Thanks for calling. You have a great day!


Can I get a [korean] restaurant in the town centre?
Little Seoul is located in the town centre
Can you tell me the address, phone number, and postcode of [Little Seoul], please?
Sure, Little seoul is located at 108 Regent street City Centre. Its phone number is 01223 308681 and the postcode is CB21DP. Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a cheap [Chinese] restaurant.
How about Charlie Chan in the centre right by Regent Street City Centre?
If that is cheap, it sounds perfect to me.
It is cheap. Would you like me to book that?
No need to book anything. But can you give me their address please?
Certainly. The address is Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else today?
Thanks. Is there a college nearby?
Downing College is also located on Regent Street, would you like their information?
May I have their address please?
Downing College is located in the city centre, the phone number is 01223334860, admission is free, the postal code is cb21dq.
Okay, thank you for your help. That's all.
Enjoy your day, and thank you!


Is there any [french] food in Cambridge?
Yes there is one
Well, can you give me some information on it?
Well there are two french restaurants actually, sorry had a blond moment. One in the north and one in the centre, which one were you interested in?
I would like something expensive. Is either option expensive?
Both are expensive options.
Can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at [19:00] and send me a ref number.
Excellent choice! I've booked you a table for 2 at the [Cote]. Your reference number is EUOHK8LX and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great! I am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge. It should arrive by [11:00].
There are three trains that would bring you to Cambridge by 11:00. They depart at 5:17, 07:17, and 09:17. Which train would you prefer?
Let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. Please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.
Okay, you're booked. Your reference number is R2OF8D6Q . Your total cost is 37.76 GBP payable at the station . How can I further assist you?
That is all for today. Thank you very much for all your help. Goodbye.
welcome and thanks for inquiring with us


Please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving [brazilian] food
I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced Brazilian restaurants.
Could you recommend an [Indian] restaurant in the same price range?
Sure, there are 4 indian restaurants in the moderate price range. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
no, I don't care.
How about [Curry Prince], which is in the east part of town and serves Indian food?
That sounds good. What is the address and phone number?
the phone number for the curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range?
Meghna serves moderately priced indian food in the west part of town.
Thank you for all your help, and have a nice evening.
No problem, you enjoy your meal!


I'm looking for lodgings that are moderately priced.
I've found several hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a specific area of town you're looking to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking to stay in the north.
I've found 11 possibilities for you. Would you prefer a guest house or a traditional hotel?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi.
How about the Acorn Guesthouse? Free wifi and moderate price range.
I am actually looking for a hotel. Is the Acorn Guesthouse listed in that type?
No, it is not. How about [Ashley hotel]?
Sure, book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Monday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WJFFGVWD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. good bye.
Good bye, enjoy your stay.


I need a taxi going to [alexander bed and breafast].
I can help with that. Do you have a time in mind?
I need to get there by [7:30 AM].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am leaving from [abbey pool and astroturf pitch].
I have booked your taxi and it is a black ford.
Great, thanks! Is there a contact number available?
Yes. The contact number for the black Ford is 07561050522.
Got it. Thanks much. Goodbye.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?


I am looking for a train going to Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.
TR5725 From London kings cross to Cambridge Wednesday leaving at 05:17. Does that work for you?
It really needs to depart from Norwich so I can arrive by [13:15]
Certainly, you can leave Norwich Wednesday at 10:16 and arrive by 11:35, or leave at 11:16 and arrive by 12:35. Which would you like?
I'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. Any may I have the reference number?
I was able to book that. The reference number is BY848B54 . 88 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.
There are fifteen cheap locations in the centre of town, do you know what kind of food you're looking for?
Nah, I'm not picky. Surprise me. I will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.
Alright, lets give Zizzi Cambridge a shot, their phone number is 01223365599, their postcode is cb21ab, and their address is 47-53 Regent Street.
Great thank you I think I have all I need
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I got injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Could you also provide the phone number please?
I have the [emergency department] at 01223217118.
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!


i will be in Cambridge and i need a place to go in the east
Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Anything in the east.
can yo narrow that down
I don't care really. What is one of the most popular ones?
[Camboats] is a nice place that I reccommend
Can you give me the postcode, please?
The postcode is cb58sx. How else can I assist you?
I want a cheap restaurant please in the same area as the attraction.
How does [The Missing Sock] sound? It meets your criteria, and I would be happy to book it for you.
I want a restaurant that serves [international] food
Ok the missing sock actually serves international food. Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need a booking at the moment but could you provide me with their phone number?
Certainly, the phone number for the missing sock is 01223812660. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you. That will be all I need.
Okay, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!


I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves [Indian] food.
do you have a preference as to what part of town?
I don't care.
Curry prince is an indian restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the east. Do you want the address and phone number?
Indian food
[Rajmahal] is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town and in the moderate price range. How does that sound?
May I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 244955. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.
You're welcome.


I'm looking for a restaurant called [de luca cucina and bar]
No problem, I've got it right here. They are located at 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666, is there anything else?
Yes can you help me with a reservation for Monday night at [18:15]?
Yes, I can. How many seats do you need?
Just two. It's for my wife and I.
I am sorry I don't have that available, perhaps you would like to try another place to dine?
Yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar?
Yes. There are five restaurants in that area in price range. Would you prefer british or asian food?
Lets try for [Asian] please
yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental. Would you like me to book it


I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town, somewhere nice, price is no object.
There are quite a few restaurants. What cuisine would you like?
I would like the restaurant to have [Indian] food.
How about [Curry garden]? It looks great.
That sounds good. I would like to book a table for 2 people on Friday at [17:15].
Sorry, the restaurant can't accomodate you. Want to try another day or time?
I will get back to you. Thank you for the help.
You're welcome. I look forward to when you call us again.
Okay, until then. Have a good one, goodbye.
Have a great day. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.
Would you like to try cityroomz? I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?
Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.
I'm so sorry. There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, [Cityroomz] will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W . Anything else you need?
I am looking to book a train for the three of us from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.
And where would you like to go today?
Ummm I literally just told you Birmingham New Street, and I'm not traveling today Im traveling Wednesday! Please pay attention
Is there a certain time that you would like to arrive?
We will be ready to leave after [14:30]. Arrival time is not as important to us.
There is one that leaves after 15:01.
That sounds perfect. I need reservations for 3.
Train TR4488 arrives at birmingham new street and cost 75.10 pounds


Tell me about museums on the west side of town.
I have found several galleries and museums in the west side of town, were you looking for something with free entrance?
Which type of museums are available?
There are three galleries, two museums, kettle's yard, and the people's portraits exhibition at girton college.
I'd like to go to a museum. Can you tell me your favorite? And if you have their phone number that would be really great.
I find [Kettle's Yard] to be fascinating. Their phone number is 01223748100, and they're located on Castle Street. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thanks. No, that will be it.
Enjoy your visit to Kettle's Yard. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city. Can you recommend anything?
The [Allenbell] is a good choice for you. Would you like more information on the Allenbell?
Yes, does it have free parking?
Yes, it does! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need the address, postcode, and whether they have internet also.
Yes, the Allenbell has Internet. The address is 517a Coldham Lane and the postcode is cb13js. What are your travel details?
That's all I need for now. I think I will wait to actually book a room. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to their restaurants. I need a place to stay while I'm there.
What hotel type are you interested in ? what area will you be staying in?
I need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be expensive. I also need free parking
The [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] would fit all of your needs. It's a 2 star hotel and offers free internet.
Perfect. I need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from wednesday.
The booking was successful. Here is your reference number: 6DAJ8EHD
Thank you for helping me.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with [creative] food.
I'm sorry I don't have anything like that available. Is there another type of food that interests you?
how about [north american] food?
Yes! How about [Gourmet Burger Kitchen]?
As long as it is expensive. Can I just get the postcode, address, and area for that?
Sure! The phone is 01223312598, the postal code is cb21ab and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Cool beans, bro. Thanks for your help. Laters.
Would you like me to make reservations at gourmet burger kitchen for you?
I don't think I need reservations today. That is all I need help with thank you.
Sounds good, thank you for your time.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel. Can't wait to check out Cambridge.
Yes I have both guesthouses and hotels that are 4 stars. Any preference on amenities or price?
I need it to have free parking too.
I can suggest [allenbell].
is it expensive?
no quite cheap actually
Hmm, I don't usually like the cheaper places. How about anything that is moderately priced?
There is nothing that matches your criteria.
No problem. I would like a place to eat. [Chinese] food around the centre of town.
Okay I have many choices. Do you have a preference for price?
yes is should be expensive
I've heard great things about HK fusion.
Actually, I am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at [14:45] on Monday.
I have 3 options for moderately priced Chinese in the centre. I would suggest [jinling noodle bar].
That will be nice. Can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 3 people?
Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, the reference number is : SBDEVYH9 .
Thank you. Going back, I don't think we chose a hotel. I need a moderate price guesthouse with 4 stars. Remember?
We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses with parking, which side of town are you looking for?
I am looking for the centre area.
Based on the criteria, I cannot find a hotel. Would you like to try a different preference?
What about an expensive one?
The [jinling noodle bar] had already been booked for you, is that not ok?
No that is fine but I do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by [14:45] and pick me up from the hotel.
I don't see where you have chosen a hotel. Perhaps we should look at that first?
Yes an expensive one would be great with a 4 star rating and free parking.
The [university arms hotel] sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
No I just need their phone number and address.
They are on regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.


Yeah, what can you tell me about [Archway House]?
It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.
Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.
I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7 .
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after [10:15] and leaves from birmingham new street on friday
ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?


I am looking for a nightclub to visit while in town.
There are six nightclubs in town; 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a location or other preference?
Yes i would like to be in the center.
I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, my personal recommendation is the soul tree nightclub, would you like more information on the soul tree?
Sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode? I'm also looking for an expensive [danish] restaurant.
The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. There are no danish restaurants in cambridge. Do you have another food type you would want to try?
Do you have any restaurants in the same area as the attraction?
There are 69 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
Do you have some place that serves [Danish] food and it should be expensive?
I'm sorry there are no Danish restaurants in the centre. We do have others like Chinese, Italian, etc. Do you have another preference?
[Indian], please.
There are 6 results. May I make a recommendation?
Yes, please. Although I would like it to be in the centre of town.
The [curry garden] is a great indian restaurant in the centre. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people.
What time were you thinking?
At [20:00] for Tuesday please.
I have booked your table here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LEW935DX .
Okay great. Thanks for your help.
Do you need any further help?
no, that will be all for now. thanks for your help. goodbye
Thank you Im glad I could help


I want a [moroccan] restaurant.
What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine.
I am sorry, I can't find any moroccan restaurant. Do you prefer any other type of food?
Yes. can you find any [mediterranean] restaurant please
La Mimosa is a restaurant serving mediterranean food in the centre of town, and is in the expensive price range.
I would like the address, phone number, and post code information for [La Mimosa] please. Thank you!
The phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q. would you like anything else today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant system. Good bye.


Are there any museums I could go to in the west part of town? Thanks.
There are 7 Museums in the west area, how much did you want to spend to enter?
I'd like something in the cheap price range please.
You should try Kettle's Yard on Castle street. It is free. Phone # 01223748100.
Can you give me the postcode for [Kettle's Yard]?
Yes sure. It is cb30aq.
Thanks! I also need information on [Leverton House].
What would you like to know?
Do they have free internet?
Yes, there is free internet and free parking. It is a guesthouse. Do you need more information?
No that was all I needed. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today.


I want to find a place to eat [british] food in the west part of the city
I found three restaurants that serve British food in the west part of town. What price range are you looking for?
In the west and prefer expensive price range
We have two restaurants that meet your specifications, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please do that for me. I would like to book a table for 8 people at [16:30] on Monday.
I have booked you a table for [Graffiti]. Your reference number is 7P63Q15Q . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any boat in the area of the restaurant?
I apologize, there isn't any boating activities in the west part of town. Is there another part of town you might be interested in?
Ok, well how about something educational--like a museum maybe?
Okay, [Cambridge Artworks] is in the west and is something I recommend. Would you like their information?
Great, could you give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?
They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223902168. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for all your help. Have a good day.
You're very welcome! You too! Bye!


Hi I am looking to get some information on [autumn house] hotel.
What would you like to know?
I'd like to know it's address and phone number. I'd also like to book it for 6 people, Thursday, for 4 nights.
The address of the Autumn house is 710 Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223575122 and I will make that reservation.
Do you have the reference number for that reservation?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel.


Could you tell me the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Could you please give me the postcode to the police station?
Of course, the postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you! That will be all.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.


I am wondering if you have any information on a place called [Gallery at Twelve a high street]?
Yes, I do. They are a museum located in the east of town. They offer free admission. Their address is on Fulbourn. Did you need any additional information?
No thank you. That is great. Thank you!
Glad I could help!
Are there any trains that travel from Cambridge to Stevenage?
Yes! There are a lot, actually. When would you like to take the train?
I would like the train to leave on Saturday after [14:15].
The train TR8813 leaves cambridge on Saturday at 15:21 and arrives at 16:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book that for 7 people.
Ok it has been booked the total fee is 1.68 GBP and reference number is L192G86J
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be it. Thank you for your help!
Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.
What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?
I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?
You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by [08:15] in Cambridge please.
Yes for how many people ?
Oh, I don't need to book any tickets, I would just like to know the the departure time, price, and travel time, please.
Both options cost 37.80 Pounds, and take 105 minutes. One leaves at 5:09, the other at 6:09. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed today. Thanks, and goodbye!
please contact us again in the future. thanks. goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive [Chinese] restaurant in the south.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway or Peking Restaurant would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
No reservation right now, I just need the phone number.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway can be reached at 01223244149. The Peking Restaurant can be reached at 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?
I am sorry there are no 1 star hotels in any area,can I get a price range and area please?
Let me think about that. What are some good local restaurants?
There are over 100 restaurants in the city. Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
No, I don't. Surprise me!
Sure! Bedouin is african food located in the centre. Would that do?
Let me think about that. Can you help me book a 4 star hotel?
Yes I found 4 star [hotel],do you want me to make reservation?
Do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?
Yes, the University Arms Hotel has internet access. It is expensive, and its postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [indian] food in the cheap price range.
May I recommend [the gandhi] in the centre? It fits your criteria.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 5 at [12] on Thursday?
I'm sorry, they don't have tables available. Would you like to try another day or time?
Is there another restaurant in the area?
[Kohinoor] is in the centre and serves Indian food. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to reserve a table for 5 on Thursday at 12:00.
I'm sorry they are booked would you like to try another time?
Are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on Thursday at 12:00 in the centre? Would you double check that for me again?
I was able to book [kohinoor], reference number is T8TBNX3R .
I would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.
What time would you like me to schedule the taxi for?
Arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.
Ok your all set! A yellow BMW will be picking you up a few minutes before your reservation at the restaurant. Contact number is 07785034458. Anything else?
No that will be all thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I have been robbed and am looking for help. Can you help me?
the nearest police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge and the phone number is 01223358966
thank you very much for your help.
I hope you get your belongings back.
Actually, I can't find it on my phone. Can you give me the postcode of the station?
Absolutely! The postcode is CB11JG!
great, have a good day
glad i could help bye


Well, I am planning a trip and need some help with a train.
Of course, do you know your departure location and time?
I weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by [10:30] in stevenage.
I have three, leaving between 5:21 and 9:21. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I need to know how much a ticket costs and how long it travels.
Train TR0552 arrives by 10:10 the ticket price is 12.80 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking
No problem, how many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure of that yet. It does need to be in the north.
Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?


I need some help finding a place to stay in the east please.
there are many. what is your price range?
Price isn't really a factor, but I would like 4 star
I have 6 four star guesthouses in the east. Would you like to book one today?
Do any of them offer free parking and wifi?
yes 5 of them. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter. Any of the five will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. It will be 3 nights and for 6 people.
Okay, I went ahead and booked you the [warkworth house]. Your reference number is 9HN7CVKZ . Can I help you wtih anything else?
I would also like a cheap place to eat in the same area.
[the missing sock] is a cheap restaurant in the east that serves international food. can i give you the address?
That sounds perfect, yes please.
It is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
A table for 6 at [13:15] on Wednesday would work. I'll need a reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VE35KBVE . Anything else I can help with?
no, that is all. goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Goodbye.


Hi! I need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
There are 15 restaurants in the centre that serve cheap food. What type of food do you want?
No preference. Please recommend any one of those restaurants.
How about dojo noodle bar. It is on the cheap side and located in the centre.
Sure, can you try and book a table for Wednesday at [12:15]? There are 5 people.
I'm sorry but there are no available tables at that time, would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes, what other restaurants are in the same area in price range?
There are 15 such restaurants. How about the J Restaurant? It also serves asian oriental food. Would that work?
Any place I can get in to will be fine, in that are.
Okay I will make reservation for J restaurant is available.


I am planning a trip and am looking for some places to go while I'm there.
There are many different kinds of attractions to visit while in town. Is there a specific area of type of attraction you'd like to visit?
I'm interested in architecture, and would like to find architectural attractions. Could you provide the areas too?
There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre. Can I make a recommendation?
Yes please, that could be nice.
[Old schools] is an architecture attraction in the centre of town with free entrance free.
Great! I'm also looking for a hotel, preferably on the east side of town. I won't need parking, but I do need free wifi. Do you have anything like that?
I do have one that should meet your needs. It is the [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. It's a hotel in the east that is expensive with free parking and wifi.
Yes, this sounds wonderful. Thank you very much.
Can I book it for you?
book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
Booked! Reference number: 1C8AUP81 .
Awesome. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I was wondering if you could help me in finding a train to the airport.
Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I will need to leave from Cambridge if that's ok
What day are you travelling?
On Wednesday. I need the train to arrive by 19:15.
I have a train that arrives earlier at 18:08 and one that arrives just before your specified time at 19:08.
I'd like to book 3 tickets on the train arriving at 19:08, please. And would it be possible to have a reference number for the booking?
OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR4447, departing Cambridge at 18:40, arriving Stansted at 19:08. Total fee is 30.29 GBP. Reference #5VRJSMSE . Will that be all today?
Yes, it will. Thanks so much. Have a nice day.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your day too. Bye.


I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.
There is one leaving at 05:29 if you would like to take that.
I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by [11:30]. Are there any trains that will get me there on time?
Yes - on Tuesday there are trains at 5:29, 7:29, and 9:29, all of which arrive before 11:30. How many tickets do you need?
Unsure, just gathering information right now. Could you give me the train ID of the train departing at 9:29?
Sure. The trainID is TR2083
Are there any attractions I can check out if I decide to go?
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by type of attraction or area?
I'm looking for someplace in the east, please.
Would you like to try the [camboats] attraction as it is located in the east?
Yes please. Can you give me the post code, phone number and address please.
The postcode, phone number, and address to comboats is: cb58sx, 01223902112, the plough, green end, fen ditton.
Thanks for all your help. Have a nice day.
You're welcome, enjoy the rest of your stay!


I'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after [20:30]
Where would you like the train to take you?
I want to go to Leicester.
TR3466 leaves at 22:21 would that work for you?
Yes, that will work fine. Will you please book it for 3 people and also provide the reference number?
Your reservation is confirmed for 3 people on Train ID TR3466. Your reference number is TB112VJL . Total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves [venetian] food.
I'm afraid we don't have any venetian restaurants in town. Is there something else that would work for you?
Can you recommend a place that services [spanish] food?
La raza is located in ctre and serves spanish food.
Great. Thanks for all your help.
I hope you enjoy your train trip.


Hi I am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. Are there any around town?
I have the [cambridge belfry] in the west area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this a guesthouse?
No, this is a hotel, were you looking for a guesthouse?
Yes, I'm sorry, I should have told you earlier.
We have 9 guesthouses. Can you give me more details as to the area and price preference you are looking for so I can assist you better?
Can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on Tuesday, and we'll want to stay 2 nights.
I have booked you for [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Your reference number is M6FH844S .
Thanks. I am also looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there any cinemas available?
Yes. There is vue cinema. The address is the grafton centre, east road and postcode is cb11ps.
What is the phone number for the [Vue Cinema]?
The phone number for the Vue Cinema is 08712240240. Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the address and postal code, please.
The Grafton Centre, East Road, cb11ps.
Great, thanks! That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day and let me know if you need anything else.


I'm heading out on Saturday and need a train that arrives by [17:45]
sure, what is your destination?
I'm leaving for Cambridge from Ely.
Train TR8176 leaves at 15:25 and will arrive at your destination at 15:52. Would you like me to reserve you a seat on that train?
Yes, that sounds good. I am also interested in finding an entertainment centre at my destination.
There are 5 entertainment attractions in town, but they are only found in the east, south, and west.
I'm disappointed but I would love to see a college, too. Is there one in the centre?
[Christ's college] is in that area and has free admission.
Cool. Could you tell me the postcode and their address?
Post code is cb23bu, and their address is saint andrew's street.
Is there any entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee for the attraction.
Great. Thanks for all your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. I'll let you know if I need more help in the future.
Thanks for using our services.


I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.
There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?
The [Cambridge Belfry] is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks
Sure, I can do that. How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.
I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by [16:30].
I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.
Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book that for the same group of people.
I booked 3 people departing Norwich on train TR8899 at 14:16 Saturday and arriving in Cambridge at 15.35. The reference number is 8XF0PN0Q . The fee is 42.24 GDP. Anything else?
Thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!


I want to book a train for Friday.
OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Friday.
Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by [10:15].
TR8026 arrives at 7:51 and TR2000 arrives at 9:51. May I book one of those?
I'm not looking to book at the moment, can I just get the travel time and price for TR2000? Thanks!
Sure travel time is 51 minutes and total cost of the ticket will be 23.60 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


I want to find a restaurant that serves [european] food and I don't care about the price range.
There are five venues serving European food. What price range do you want?
Moderate price range please. Can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?
galleria is an european restaurant in the moderate price range and the centre part of town, the address is 33 bridge street and the phone number is 01223 356666
thank you good bye
You're welcome. Have a good evening.


Planning for a trip in Cambridge.
Great! I can help you with train information, if you need it.
I am looking to book a train to Broxbourne on Friday.
What time would you like to leave? The trains begin to leave at 05:01 and leave once an hour after that.
The train should depart from broxbourne and should leave on friday.
Is there a specific time when you need to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by [13:30] please.
We have TR4848. It will depart Broxbourne at 11:32 and arrive at 12:32. The price is 17.90 pounds.
Great! That sounds perfect. I'm also looking for a hotel, nothing too shabby, no less than a 4 star hotel, please.
I have 3 options for you. All of them offer free parking and wifi. Two are located in the west, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
One in the west will be fine. I'll need it for Friday, 4 nights, and 2 people.
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] Booking was successful. Reference number is : MD3ZB2FO .
Perfect! Thank you.
What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you very much!
I am glad to help have a nice stay
Thank you good bye.
you're welcome. thank you for using our system. goodbye.


I need a train for cambridge, I would like to arrive by [14:15].
I have found several for you. What day would you like to leave?
I'll be leaving Norwich on Friday.
TR8151 will arrive in cambridge at 13:35. Will that work?
Yes. I need two tickets, please.
I've booked that for you, and your reference number is U6FY6WAD .
Can you find me an expensive [indian] restaurant?
[Curry garden] is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at [19:15] on the same day?
Success! Your reference number is DBUN9LUJ . They'll hold your table for 15 minutes, in case you're running a little late. Need any other help?
Nope. I think thats it. Have a good one. Bye for now.
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
I would recommend you curry prince, an indian place in the east with moderate price range .
Is there anything else you would recommend? Can I have the address and type of food for it?
Would you prefer a different type of food?
Yes. What other restaurants did you find?
There are also Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, which is Italian, and Rajmahal which is Indian.
can i have the address of [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton].
the address of them is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you good bye
thank you good bye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge. looking for a place to dine.
Do you have a particular area and food type or price range in mind?
I want somewhere expensive in the north
We have five restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer Chinese, French, European or Asian Oriental food?
I would prefer [French].
[restaurant two two] is an expensive french restaurant in the north part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you please book a reservation for me? We need a table for 8 at [12:00] on Wednesday.
Yes your reservation number is 1YR1NTHK .
Great, thanks. I also need to find a train to Stevenage.
I can help what day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
No but would you like to try another location ?
I need a train, going to Stevenage on Thursday and it needs to leave [after 12:45.]
There are five trains that leave after 12:45. Do you have a time in mind that you would like to leave at?
Please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after [12:45] on Thursday.
Alright, I booked it and your reference is BIL1S6PI . Anything else I can do?
Thanks for your help, that will be all.
You are very welcome! Goodbye now!


I need a train leaving Cambridge on Saturday please.
We have trains leaving every two hours. Where is your destination and when would you like to get there.
I would like a train that is leaving after [18:15] and is going to Peterborough.
Alright, you have 11 options. Trains from Cambridge to Peterborough leave twice an hour, beginning at 18:34 and running until 23:34. Would you like me to book one of these trips?
Could I please have the arrival time for the train that leaves at 18:34?
Sure, the 18:34 train will arrive in Peterborough at 19:24.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay.
I can help you with that as well, where would you like to stay? And would you like me to book a seat on the train departing Cambridge at 18:34?
No need to book the train yet, thanks. I'd like a hotel in the south with free wifi.
I have 33 that meet your criteria. What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for a moderately priced stay.
There are two options for you: Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse and Bridge Guesthouse. Would you like me to book you a room at one of these?
I'll take the [Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse], can you book it for 4 people starting on Wednesday? We would be staying 3 nights.
I was able to book the guesthouse for you for 3 nights for 4 people. Your check-in day is Wednesday and your reference number is V9XD9KR7 .
Thanks, that's all I needed. Have a good day.
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!


Hi, I'm looking for a train from Birmingham to Cambridge.
I have this train ticket TR4887 birmingham new street cambridge friday 05:40 08:23 75.10 pounds 163 minutes
I need it to arrive on Friday, by [10:45].
There's a train that arrives at 10:23. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, 10:23 will be fine. Are you able to tell me the departure time, the price, and the travel time, please?
It is leaving at 07:40,price is 75.10 pounds and travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks so much. I am also looking for a particular attraction. Can you see if it is still in Cambridge?
What is the name of the attraction?
It's [Saint John's College]. Can you find the phone number?
Here is the phone number you requested:01223338600.
Great, thank you. That's all the information I require right now.
Okay, have a great day!


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
There are many options for expensive dieting in Centre.
Can you find me one that serves [European] cuisine?
Yes, [Eraina] serves European food and is located at Free School Lane City Centre. Will this work?
Yes. Please book for 6 people on Monday at [11:30].
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will also need a train.
Where is the departure and arrival? What time and day would you like? How many passengers?
The train should leave on tuesday and should arrive by [21:15].
where are you leaving from and where is your destination?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Kings Lynn.
I can help you with that, however how many tickets do you need please?
Just myself is traveling.
The TR9926 will arrived at 20:58. Shall I go ahead and book a ticket for you? Or do you want an earlier time?
Can you give me the price on tickets for that?
A ticket will cost you 9.80 pounds
Cool, I need the length of time for the travel as well.
47 minutes is the travel time
That is all I need today thank you.
Alrighty then thank you and have a nice day!


Hello! What is your favorite museum in town?
[Cambridge artworks] is a good choice
Can I have the address, entrance fee, and the area it is in?
They are located in the east. The address is 5 Greens Road. And, they offer free entrance.
I'm also looking for a [Moroccan] restaurant in the center of town. Is there anything like that in Cambridge?
sorry, I couldnt find any of that food type.
Aww shucks. Can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's cheap?
Might I recommend La Raza. They offer cheap Mexican food but it is delicious. They are located in the centre.
I think I'd prefer [Mediterranean] food. Can you look again?
Yes, I found [the Gardenia] in the centre of town. It's Mediterranean food that is in the cheap pricerange. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, I will like a table for 5 people on Monday at [15:45].
Your reservations have been made and your reference number is 851LQWR4 .
Beautiful, thank you for everything, that will be all.
excellent, have a great day!


I am looking for a cheap hotel in Cambridge.
There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
i'm looking for the centre area.
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] has a four star rating and matches your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
No, I'm not sure but I would like their address and telephone number and can you tell me what star rating this hotel has?
It's a 4 star hotel. The address is 56 saint barnabas road and the phone number is 01223525725. Any else I can do for you?
Yes I would like to book it from Tuesday for 2 nights for 7 people. Can you do that for me and provide a reference number?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : NZXPP6O5 .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the area that serves [american] food
I was not able to find any American restaurants in that area, do you have another type of food you would like?
What about [Italian]?
Certainly we have 9 Italian restaurants in this area, do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a table for 7 at [12:00] on Tuesday
Great. I have booked you at [Zizzi Cambridge]. The reference number is BRX4ES4L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a taxi from [bedouin] that will leave after [20:00]
I'd be happy to help - what is your destination?
[stansted airport train station] is the drop off location
I have booked a black tesla for you
I need a contact number please.
The contact number is: 07720856341.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all, thank you.
No problem. Have a great day.


Find a moderately priced place for me please.
What type of food do you want?
I don't care.
which area would you like?
On the east side of town, please.
[rajmahal] is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
Great! what is the phone number?
the phone number is 01223 244955, Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!


Can you help me find a restaurant called "[Cotto"?]
Yes. Cotto is located at 183 East Road City. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, and also the postcode.
Phone number is 01223302010. Postcode is cb11bg.
Thanks, I also need a train that leaves after [20:15] on Wednesday.
There are 546 trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to leave from and where do you want to go?
I am leaving from cambridge and heading to ely.
Train ID TR8533 is available to leave at 21:50 and arrive by [22:07]. Would you like to book this now?
Yes, please. Thank you.
Before I book, I just want to confirm you only need one ticket?
Yes, that's right. It's just for me.
It's all booked, reference is 824HFY0Q
Great that's all I need, thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye


Hi! Can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?
There are 13 colleges to visit in the centre. Are you interested in visiting christs college?
Sounds great. What is the address?
The address for [Christ's College] is Saint Andrew's Street.
Is there an entrance fee for the college?
There is no entrance fee for Christ's College.
Great. I'm looking for [Midsummer House Restaurant] also. Can you help me book it?
Yes, I can! When and what time would you like to go? Also how many people is the reservation for?
I need to book a table for 7 people at [16:00] on Tuesday.
It has been booked the reference number is E8J6X7ZH the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time
I've booked your taxi! A Grey Volkswagen will you pick you up and take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07776457787. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?
Yes, the taxi is due to arrive at 16:00.
Great. Thank you for your help.
It's my pleasure. Let me know if you ever need anything else.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve [modern eclectic] food.
There are no restaurants in that are would you like to try a different area?
Are there any other expensive restaurants in that area that may be nice to visit?
There are 33 entries for expensive restaurants in the centre. Would you like to hear some options?
Are any of them modern eclectic food?
No, there doesn't seem to be any modern eclectic places at all. Would you like a different type of cuisine?
Dang...How about some [Thai] food instead
As far as thai food goes, I happen to have one place. Good thing is they are very highly recommended. It is called [Bangkok City]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for 2 people at [16:45] on tuesday.
I'm sorry, but they seem to be all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try booking at [15:45]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NY7QJKY .
Fantastic, can you also find me a museum attraction?
There are several wonderful museums in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
Any type would be fine I just need to know the area and entrance fee of one you would recommend.
Cambridge Contemporary Art is very nice. It's in the centre part of town, like the restaurant, and it's free to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Goodbye.
Okay. Have a lovely day then.


I need to find a train from cambridge on wednesday.
The TR3702 takes you to london kings cross. Do you need a ticket?
No. I would like to go to Norwich at [9:30].
Do you want to leave at 9:30 or arrive by then?
Arrive by [9:30] in Norwich.
What time could you like to depart at?
I have no preference for that. Can you make a booking for me on the train with the earliest departure time?
Sure, I can do that. How many tickets did you need?
3 tickets please. And a reference number too
I made those reservations on train TR9179 and your reference number is JUAPVB1I .
Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?
I also need information about [funky fun house].
Sure thing let me get that for you.
Ok, thanks. Can you tell me the postcode and area it's in?
It's in the east and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else you need?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks so much! Goodbye
Funky fun house is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. May i assist you with something else?


Hi, can you help me find a 2 star hotel that has free wifi?
There are 2 moderately priced hotels in the north and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you have a preference?
What about a cheap one?
I have 2 hotels in the cheap range, one in the north and one in the centre. The star rating on both is 0 however. Would either of these work?
No, I really need 2 stars. Could you check for a moderate price range?
I have the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book a room at one of these?
Yes, I need it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on friday.
Neither is available for four nights.
Can you check again? I need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a cheap or moderate price range.
Can we possibly try for a different amount of days? Otherwise I'll a new search to check availability.
I'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 2-stars. Can you look and see if there is one that meets those options?
The [ashley hotel] is a two-star hotel with a moderate price and internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is 2YWNK0ZZ . Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture in the center of town.
We have some great architecture in the center of town. Great Saint Mary's over on Market Street is popular, but charges visitors 2 pounds to visit.
Could you give me the phone number of [Great Saint Mary's] please?
Their phone number is 01223350914
Thank you, you've been very helpful. I don't need anything else. Have a great day.
Thank you very much, goodbye.


Can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi?
The lensfield hotel is expensive and has a 3 star rating.
Is there a guesthouse available?
I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Is there a particular area you wish to stay in?
Yes, in west Cambridge.
I cannot find anything in cambridge.
Are there any hotels in the same price range?
I found [Hobsons House] guesthouse in the west. It is a 3 star moderate and has free internet. Can I book it for you?
Yes please and I need the reference number
What day are you beginning your stay? How many days and how many people do you want to make a booking for?
I need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Monday please.
The Hobson in not open, but I have the Hamilton open, would you like me too book it, it fits the same criteria.
yes, please and be sure to provide me the booking number, thank you.
Great. You're all booked and your reference number is UMRJOUWZ . Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service today, and have a wonderful stay in Cambridge!


I want to find a place serving [spanish] food in the centre of town.
I have listings for two. What price range are you looking for?
Is one of them cheap?
Yes, [La Raza] is a cheap priced Spanish restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation for Thursday at [16:15]. There will be 7 of us.
I was unable to book this restaurant. would you like to try another one?
Could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
Yes I will look for different restaurant.
Were you able to find anything?
We do not have another Spanish restaurant. Would you like chinese or italian perhaps?
Can you look for [chinese] restaurants please.
I have 3, charlie chan, rice house or golden house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Okay yes pick one, perhaps the [Golden House].
The booking was successful. Your reference number is C3NR2DW2 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy your dining experience.
Thanks so much. Have a great day!
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4-star rated.
In which area would you like to stay?
Preferably the east.
There are 6 hotels in the east rated 4-stars ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have a preference on price range?
I do not, but it should have wifi.
a and b guest house is the area of east and has free wifi and is a 4-star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, just give me the postcode.
a and b guest house's postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a train. Can you help with that?
Absolutely. Where are you departing from, and where would you like to go?
I am departing from stevenage anytime after [17:00]. I would like to go to cambridge on monday.
I can get you aboard TR2656 at 17:54. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Can I have the price for that ticket please?
The price of the ticket is 12.80 pounds per person and is payable at the train station. Is there any thing else I can assist you with today?
Could you tell me what time that train arrives in Cambridge please?
The train arrives in Cambridge by 18:43. Is there something else I could also help you with?
One more thing. Can I have the train ID, please?
Of course, it's TR2656.
Thank you very much for the help.
Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks. That was all I needed. Have a good day
Have a fun trip!


I'd like to book a taxi to [corpus christi]
Sure! when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave [after 3:30] please.
Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be departing from [prezzo]. Please let me know what type of car the taxi is and their contact number. Thank you!
You are booked on a black bmw with the contact number 07721719862.
Thank you so much for all of your help! Have a good day.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well. If you need anything else we'll be here to help.


Can you help me find a room for when I visit next week?
I would be more than happy to. Are you looking for a hotel in a particular part of town?
North please. I would also like it to include free parking.
There are several to choose from. Would you like a hotel or a guestroom?
I'd like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range please.
There aren't any hotels that have both Internet and parking. Would a guesthouse suit your needs?
Yes, a guesthouse would be fine.
How about the acorn guest house? It has free internet and parking, four stars and is in the moderate price range? Shall I book that for you?
No, can you just give me the address?
Sure, the address is 154 Chesterton Road and the postcode is cb41da.
Great, thanks. That is all I need. Bye.
Thank you for using our service & have a good day!


What's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?
I'm showing 10 possibilities. Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Hmm, I do like the east side of the city. Can you look for one there?
There is allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I just need the star of the [allenbell], the address, and if they have internet.
It has 4 stars, internet and the address is 517a coldham lane.
I need a train as well.
Okay, what is your departing and destination location?
I would be departing from Cambridge and going to birmingham new street.
Okay, what day would you like to leave?
On Saturday, please. I need to arrive by [21:00].
TR5867 leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New street at 18:01 and arrives at 20:44. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, book it for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: OR8B3H41 . Is there anything more I can help with?
Thank you very much you were very helpful.
The ride lasts 163 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.
Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.


Can you tell me whether there are colleges open to sightseers in the city center?
There are several places, churchill college is available.
What is the address?
[Churchill College] is on storey's way.
Can you give me the phone number also?
Churchill College can be reached at 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a cheap [Indian] restaurant, can you recommend one for me?
Sure, I would recommend [Kohinoor] Indian restaurant in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address?
Their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've taken care of everything for me today! Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!


I would like to find a college to visit.
Is there a specific area you would like to visit?
No, just Cambridge in general. I'd also like to know any entrance fees, please.
Most of the colleges in town have free entrance fees. I'd recommend [Christ's College] on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre. It has free admission.
Cool, I also need a train ticket leaving london liverpool st and I am going to cambirdge
okay what day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave?
I will be traveling on wednesday after [15:30].
I have one leaving at 15:39 will this work?
Yeah that will be fine can you book this please?
You will need to pay 16.6 GBP at the station but the booking was successful, your reference number is RWDSKR05 .
Can you let me know that train ID so I can find it?
The train id is TR7978. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
I have three hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a specific part of town?
No, but price is important- anything moderately priced on your list?
I have a cheap 4 star in west, and two expensive ones - one in west and one centre. Which one are you interested in?
I'd like a hotel that is in the moderate price range. Could you recommend that for me?
I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels in the moderate price range that are 4 stars. If you're interested in a guesthouse, though, we do have options for you.
What are those options?
You could try the [allenbell].
All right, let's try that. May I get a reservation for Friday and Saturday night, 8 people each night?
Thank you for waiting. Your reservation has been made. Your reference number is G9EWB5NN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train on Sunday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving after [14:15].
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 14:15 please.
Okay the TR3577 leaves at 14:34.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I need! Have a great day!
You too, enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.
Bridge Guesthouse has a three star rating and offers wifi, would you like me to book this place for you?
Can you confirm if the [Bridge Guesthouse] also has free parking and is in the east?
Bridge Guest House does include free parking but is located in the south. Would you like me to find something in the east instead?
The Bridge guest house would be just fine. Can I get the address, phone and postcode please?
Certainly! The address is 151 hills road phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room for you?


i'm looking for [rosa's] bed and breakfast
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the South area of town. Would you like any more information?
No, that's great, thank you. Could you reserve rooms there for 3 people for 3 nights starting Thursday?
Let me look and see if I can find you a room for three people for three nights starting on Thursday.
If that doesn't work, please try for Sunday.
You are all booked. Reference number is 69V5E4KX .
Are you aware of any [Scottish] restaurants in the south?
No I am sorry there no Scottish restaurants available in the South. Would like to try another area?
No, what type of cheap restaurants are there?
In the south there are 2 cheap restaurants. One is Chinese and the othe is Portuguese.
I prefer the [portuguese] restaurant.
[Nandos] is a very popular restaurant serving portuguese food in the south area of town in the cheap price range. Would you like more information or to book?
Can you book for the same group of people at [12:00] the same day?
You're all booked. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you! What is the reference number please?
Reference number is : 8T2T8N3Q .
Thank you. That is all for today.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hello! I need to find a train leaving Wednesday.
There are 2,828 trains scheduled to travel on Wednesday. Where are you planning on departing from and where is your destination?
I need to go to Cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by [09:15].
I have found two different options that fit your request. Would you like to leave at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07 or leave at 07:29 and arrive by 08:07?
I need one that can fit three people. I need three tickets.
I can book for 3 people for either of those trains. Is there one of the times you prefer?
I prefer to arrive by 08:07. Can you suggest a cheap [greek] restaurant? I'd like a reservation for 3 people at [10:00]. Please provide reference numbers.
Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
Thank you. Once you provide me with the reference number that is all I need.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any Greek restaurants in town. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
I also like [Asian Oriental].
I have 5 restaurants that are Asian Oriental, do you have an area preference?
I would like to be in the centre of town.
There are 3 in the town centre. Would you like cheap or moderately priced food?
Cheap price sounds good to me.
I booked it for Wednesday. Your reservation number is EQHAMTOB, is there anything else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for the help.
You are most welcome, contact us if you need more assistance.


I'm looking for a train leaving after [10:30].
Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from Leicester and want to go to Cambridge.
There are 91 trains leaving Leicaster to Cambridge after the specified time. How does Friday 11:09 sound?
All right. I need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.
I was able to book the train for you for 6 people. The reference number is 7QAMUGHQ . Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the north that has free parking.
There are 11 different hotels. To help narrow it down, can you tell me if there is a price range you prefer?
No not really, I would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though.
How about the [Acorn guest house] on 154 Chesteron Road? It's a moderate price range guesthouse that is rated 4 stars with free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.
Great. Is this hotel stay also starting on Friday?
Yes it is.
Booking was successful, reference number is YN5MH1ZN . Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all. Thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!
No problem! You have a wonderful day!


I want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, I'm getting general info. I need the hospital postal code and phone number, though.
Their phone number is 01223245151 and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thanks! That is so helpful. Bye.
You are most welcome!


looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the north and should be in the type of mutliple sports
I have nothing matching what you are looking for. Perhaps another area or another attraction?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any attractions with boats?
[riverboat georgina] has nice boats. Are you interested ?
I would like their phone number, entrance fee, and address.
they are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house,cb43ax. or call them on 01223902091.
I also need a hotel. One with free wifi and not too expensive.
If you want to stay in the north, the Acorn Guest House is moderately-priced and quite nice. If you want cheap, I recommend Worth House.
Okay let's try the [Acorn Guesthouse].
Okay. Would you like to book a room at the Acorn Guest House?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would be happy to book the Acorn Guest House for you. Can you please tell me the day, length of stay, and the number of people.
I actually won't need a booking. Can you tell me the star of the hotel and if they offer free parking?
The Acorn Guest house is a beautiful 4-star guest house. They do offer internet and parking. Would you like me to provide their contact information for future reference?
No, thank you. Could I get the entrance fee of the Riverboat Georgina?
I am sorry I do not have that information, I can give you their phone number if you would like.
Yes the phone number would be great. What are their hours?
The phone number is 01223902091. Their website is vague, I'm afraid you'll have to call them for their hours. What else can I help you with today?
no that is it for now thanks
You're welcome. Have a good visit.


I am looking for a train leaving cambridge after [15:00].
what is your destination?
I'm going to Bishops Stortford.
The TR2730 leaves at 15:29. Do you want to book it?
yes please and I need the price and arrival time
How many tickets do you need?
Just 1 ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 12VHBCG9 . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find an expensive [Austrian] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Oh, that's too bad. I do need something in the center. Is there any [British] food?
Yes, there are a number of options. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'd like something expensive please.
We have three options that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. I need a reservation for monday at [10:15]. 2 people please.
I've booked you at [fitzbillies restaurant]. Your reference number is X5JH9O7F . What else can I help you with today?
Great! Thank you! That's all I need.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Yes, I am looking for a hotel please. I would need free wifi and free parking.
There are 29 hotels with free wifi and parking, do you have a preference on location or price range.
I don't have a preference but I would like it to be 4 stars?
We have to narrow it down. There are 19 hotels. What price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine. I just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.
I was able to book at the [alexander bed and breakfast]. Your reference number is JLDXHEK8 . Is there anything else?
No that is all I needed today. Thank you.
You're welcome! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I am coming to visit cambridge. Would you happen to be able to find me a park to go to?
We have 5 parks! What area would you like to be in?
I don't care about the area. Can you suggest one?
[Cherry hinton water play] is popular. What info would you like on it?
I would need the area and address, please.
Cherry Hinton Water Play is located in the east. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Can you help me find a hotel? A nice 4-star place, if that's possible.
I have three 4 star hotels in my system. Would you prefer a cheap or expensive one? Also is there any other criteria you are looking for ?
Do you have a hotel that is in the south with free parking?
No, unfortunately. Please consider other areas.
How about guesthouse style places? Are there any of those available?
Sure thing! I have two, may I recommend [Rosa's Bed and Breakfast]? It's in south, is cheap, and has four stars.
That sounds lovely. Please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.
You are all booked. Your reference number is 4U7RJ8M6 . Thank you.
Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I have 32 hotels with free wifi. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
No, it just needs to be in the moderate price range. I prefer guesthouses.
I have 14 entries, would you like it to have free parking?
That does not matter. What ones have availability for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday?
Is there a star rating you would prefer to stay at
I would like 3 stars or higher please
I have the bridge house south area, the hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west. Which one would you like me to book?
Try booking the [bridge house] please.
I'm sorry, that one is unavailable. Would you like to try another?
Yes please if it's in the same price range.
I have the [Hamilton Lodge] in the north, would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please. And I will need the reference number.
I have booked the Hamilton Lodge for you. Starting on Saturday for 2 nights for 7 people. Your reference number is 63GDBABK . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. That is all I need.
So glad I could help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!


I need a taxi arriving by [23:30].
Okay, what is your departure site?
[Little Seoul] and I would like the contact number and car type
Where will you be going?
I'd like to go to [people's portraits exhibition at girton college]. I've heard it's stunning!
It sounds lovely! I've booked you in a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07240135377 in case you need it. What else may I assist you with?
That was everything. Thank You!
You're more than welcome!


Can you suggest some places I can go on my upcoming visit? I'm super excited to be able to see some of the local attractions.
There are 79 attractions. What part of town would you like?
I would like them to be in the Centre area of town.
What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would prefer the cinema.
The Vue Cinema is in the centre of town. It is located at the Grafton Centre, east road. Can I assist you further?
Actually yes, find me a mutliple sports attraction in the centre please
I am sorry I have no listing for mutliple sports attraction in the centre,can I check a different area?
No. How about colleges?
Yes! there are thirteen in that area!
Okay, I'd like to a see a college that you recommend. I will need the entrance fee.
Downing College is in the centre area and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Before you go, can I have the phone number for the cinema?
I need a place to stay.
Vue cinema phone is 08712240240


I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge after [10:00].
I found this booking for you. Can I book it?
I didn't tell you where I am going, how could you book it without that information?
My apologies. I found a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday, leaving at 13:00, for 23.60 pounds. Will that work for you?
Actually I need a train for Sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 10:00.
Cambridge to Birmingham on Sunday, right. We have 10:01, 11:01 and so on, every hour for the rest of the day. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please make the booking for 1 person.
I've booked you on train TR5401 Sunday leaving Cambridge at 10:01 arriving at Birmingham New Street at 12:44. Your total is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is 0HN9YSKR .
Thank you I'am also looking for hotel called [Alexander bed and breakfast]
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse located in the centre of town. Would you like for me to book a stay for you?
No. Thank you. Can I have the address please?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road, postcode cb12de. Can I help you with anything else?
That takes care of everything for today. Thank You!
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking.
I have 4 options for you - would you like cheap or expensive? I have nothing in between.
I'm flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a guesthouse that also had free wifi.
Okay, that narrows it to two: Alexander Bed and Breakfast (4 stars) or El Shaddai (0 stars). They're both cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
Not right now. Could I have the phone number for the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]?
Yes, the phone number is 01223525725. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Does Addenbrookes Hospital have a [neurosciences] department?
Yes it has a neuroscience and a neuroscience critical care unit. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be helpful, thanks.
The phone number is 01223216297.
Thanks, what's the address?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode:CB20QQ.
Thanks so much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that is it. thank you.
You are very welcome. We would love to help you again in the future.


I would like to find a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at hills road, post code CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.
Great. Glad I could help.


Yes I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars.
Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I'd like a hotel in the east part of the city.
I do not see a hotel in the east part of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
That;s too bad...so what do you have? Other part of town?
i have 2 hotels in the west and 1 in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
Lets go for the one in the Centre please. Can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting Monday. Oh and can I get the reference number?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range that will be fine. I need the reference number too.
What price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the other hotels.
I was able to book [Gonville Hotel], reference number is SHEWP52T
Wonderful-thanks. Can you send me the address and phone number of the establishment?
It's address is gonville place and its phone number is 01223366611.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.
So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.


Hello I am looking for a place to go, can you help me?
I have found 79 place for you. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
What attraction types do you have in the west?
There are mostly colleges and museums in the west. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, can you recommend one to me and give me the address and type?
[Clare college] is a college, it is located on trinity lane, post code cb21tl
Great! Thank you for all of your help.
You're quite welcome! Will that be all for today?
You have helped with what I needed, thank you, goodbye!
Thank you and enjoy your visit.


What is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town?
There is The Missing Sock. They serve international food on the east side and are cheap. Their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
Goodbye


Hello, can you give me some information on a train?
I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by [16:00].
Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.
They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?


I'd like to find a [Turkish] restaurant in the center of town.
I have three Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for a specific price range?
An expensive restaurant would be nice.
Then the [M[eze Bar ]Restaurant] is the one for you. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, can I reserve for 6 people at [12:15] on tuesday?
Your table for 6 has been booked on Tuesday. Can I help you with something else?
Could I have the reference number please
Sure. Reference number is : TJ09LFVD . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit.
Do you have a part of town you prefer?
the centre around the same area as the restaurant do you have any suggestions?
how about [christ's college] its in the centre and free admission
That's a great suggestion. Thanks. I will also need a taxi between the college and the restaurant, please.
What time would you like to leave? or arrive by?
I just need it to arrive by [12:15] for the reservation.
Your taxi reservation on a grey Lexus has been completed. You will be picked up at Christ's College and dropped off at Meze Bar Restaurant. The contact number is 07700069470
Thank you so much!, Have a great Day!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Thank you good bye.
your welcome, have a great day!


I'm looking for a place called [hakka].
Hakka is a chinese restaurant on the north side of town. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the price range there, I can spend too much just eating.
It is an expensive restaurant. I have many options for Chinese food in town at every price point, though, if that's an issue.
That's no problem. I also was interested in finding a train though.
Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to a wedding in Broxbourne.
no train are available for the destination
Can you please check again? From Cambridge to Broxbourne, Wednesday after [8:30].
Sure the TR3279 leaves at 9:01.
Can you book 2 tickets for me please?
I booked it. It'll cost 35.79 GBP and your reference number is CV0BT9K3.
Great that was all I needed today.
I'm glad we could help. Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance.


I need a train for stansted airport and I need to arrive by [19:30] please.
What day will you be traveling on?
I will travel in Sunday.
Okay. Where will you be leaving from please?
I want to leave from Cambridge.
ok the TR5009 arrives at 19:08.
Yes can you book that for me please?
certainly, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket please. I need the train price as well.
There is no longer a TR5009 but have booked you for the next best. The price is 8.08 GBP
Actually, can you tell me the travel time for that?
I apologize, TR5009 is available. It is a 28 minute train ride, leaving Cambridge at 18:40, arriving at Stansted Airport by 19:08. Your reference number is 090MN9HI .
I appreciate your help. I am also interested in looking at a college while I am in Cambridge. Could you help me?
We have many to choose from, is there a certain area you'd like to be in?
No particular area, would you choose one for me?
Pembroke college will blow your mind, free adminssion located at trumpington street, postal cb21rf, phone 01223338100. Are there any other questions today?
Thank you that is all I needed today.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


I'd like a place that serves [world] food in the east part of town.
Sorry but no world food restaurants in the east is found. can i provide you something else.
How about [Indian] food?
Your options are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Which one would you like more information regarding?
I would like the address and phone number of [Curry Prince].
The curry prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you goobye.
thank you, goodbye


Yes, please. I was just robbed and I don't know what to do next.
I'm sorry to hear that. Please immediately call the police at 01223358966.
Thank you very much. Can I please have their address and postcode also?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode:CB11JG. Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you.
You are welcome. Take care.


I'm looking to get some information on the [alpha-milton guest house]
The Alpha-Milton guesthouse in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Not yet, but can you tell me the postcode for this guesthouse?
The postcode is cb41xa. Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks. That's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye!
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.


I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called [worth house].
It is a cheap guesthouse in the north of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need three nights for one person starting this Friday. And can I get a reference number?
I've successfully booked your room for Friday, 1 person, staying 3 days. Your reference number is: F2X024Q6
Thank you so much for your help today.
Thank you goodbye


Can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting Friday at the [express by holiday Inn in cambridge].
I can certainly help you with that. The Express by Holiday Inn is a great choice. So can you confirm that was Friday for 2 people, 2 nights?
Actually, I change my mind. I can arrange the booking myself. Can you just let me know if they offer free wifi?
Yes, they do have internet.
Thank you for all your help today.
You're welcome. Please contact us if you would like us to make the reservation instead.


Can you find me an [italian] restaurant that is in the centre?
You have your choice of Pizza Hut City Centre, Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar, Pizza Express, Ask, or Zizzi Cambridge.
Are any of them in the cheap price range?
Pizza hut, ask and [Zizzi] all appear to be in the cheap price range, Would you like me to book one?
Which one would you recommend?
I recommend Ask. Do you want me to book it for you? What day and time do you want to eat?
As long as it's in the same area and price range, I guess I can try it. Please book it for 6 people at [17:15] on wednesday.
I'm sorry, a table was not available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another, same area and price range please.
zizi cambridge is available. It is also a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation is for Wednesday at 17:15 for 6 people. Your reference number is CRW6R09Z .
Great thank you for your help that's all I needed today.
Have a great day!


Can't wait to come party at one of your nightclubs in town.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Would you like more information on one of them?
Pick a good one for me. I need the phone number and postcode for it too.
Yes sir! Soul tree nightclub is a good one. they are at 8 market passage, postal is cb23hx and phone number is 01223519224, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Can you give me information on a restaurant called [Sala Thong]?
Sala Thong is an expensive Thai place in the west. They're located at 35 Newnham Road, cb39ey.
Thanks, that is all for today. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a good day.


I need a guest house to stay in. What do you have?
I can definitely help you with that. How about we start with a price range you prefer? Or maybe an area you prefer?
I don't really have a preference. I just need free wifi.
How about the [A and B Guest House] in the east?
Yes I'd like to book that for 1, starting Monday for 3 nights. Also could I have the reference number for that?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CP66EFS7 . Will there be anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge.
I can help you find one. First of all, where are you going to be departing from?
I need a train form Cambridge on Monday arriving at Leicester by [12].
The earliest is TR8631, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving Leicester, 07:06. Would you like to book a ticket, or perhaps a later time would be better?
Later time. Book for the same amount of people though.
How about TR2192, it leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06, will this be better for you?
Yes that is fine and a reference number please
It has been booked the reference number is OWA1681U
Thank you so much. That is all I need for today. Bye.
Have a great day!


Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the centre.
Sure, there are plenty of restaurants like that. Did you have a certain type of food in mind?
I am actually looking for a lively [gastropub].
I would recommend either Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce.
[The Slug and Lettuce] sounds interesting. Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number please?
I don't have a phone number for them, but the address is 34 - 35 Green Street, postal code cb23ju. Is there anything else I can do today?
I am also looking for an entertainment attraction in the same area of town that the restaurant is in, can you help with that?
I can definitely help you. Do you want a boat, cinema, college, or maybe a museum?
Is there anything listed as simply "entertainment" in the center?
There are no entertainment venues in Centre unfortunately. I can either look for a different venue type or another part of town if you like.
Please try a college, instead. Could I get the postcode and phone number?
How about downing college on regent street, cb21dq? Their phone number is 01223334860.
Thank you so very much that is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you and have a great day.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


Hello, I'm looking for an expensive [indian] restaurant.
What area would you like to dine in?
Area doesn't matter. Can you pick one to recommend?
If you'd like to eat in the city center, I recommend the [curry garden]. Their phone is 01223302330. Can I book you a table?
Yes, can you please book a table for 1 for [17:15] on Thursday. Could I have the reference number please?
Booking was successful, your table will be reserved for minutes, and your reference number is J37KC1PB . Anything else I can help you with?
Thanks all I need thanks !
You're welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us.


We will be in the west part of town and would like to go to a restaurant while we are there.
I have 14 different restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you prefer?
I would like an [Indian] food restaurant in the expensive range.
There are 5 options in the west in that price range. One of my faves is [India House]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for one at [17:00] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : HLEN9T9L .
Can you tell me if there is a concerthall in the same area as this restaurant, if not is there a museum?
I'm sorry, there is not a concert hall in the west. There are 7 museums, though, and most of them are free to enter.
Okay, could you give me the entrance fee and phone number information for your favorite museum there?
The Cafe Jello Gallery is great, the phone number is 01223312112 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I don't need any more help today. Bye!
Have a wonderful time.


Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.
There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant in that area and price range. Do you have a preference for type of food?
Tell me about the [Indian] restaurants.
The restaurants are called Curry Prince and the other is Rajmahal. They are both in the moderate price range.
Great! I would like to book at table at [Curry Prince].
How many people will the reservation be for?
Just myself, at [14:30] on Thursday, please.
I was unable to book for that time, would you like me to try something else?
How about [13:30]?
I was able to book that for you for 13:30. Your reference number is 9VLGU3GE . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for information on trains going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
I'd be happy to help you with that. What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.
There are 5 trains leaving on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you would like?
Yes, I will need to be at Bishops Stortford before [16:15].
Okay. TR5853 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07 would you like me to book that train for you?
Please. Can you also provide me with the reference number?
Before I can book that for you, would you please let me know how many people will be traveling?
Oh, sorry about that! Same as the restaurant, so just 1.
The reference number is EMG78YR0 .
Thank you so much, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!


i am looking for a restaurant that serves [african] food and is moderately priced
I'm sorry, but I'm not finding any moderately-priced African restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, can we try [gastropub] food?
The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and bar] is in the centre. Would you like their information?
Yes please. But you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at [17:30] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, give me the reference number
Your reference number is : 5P3MS6PK . Do you need any further assistance today?
I'll also need a train from Cambridge.
What is your destination?
I want to get to London Kings Crossing.
I have all of the available trains on that route this week listed, any preference on date and time?
I need to leave Sunday after [16:15].
TR3353 leaves at 17:00
can you book me 3 tickets please?
The total for 3 tickets is 56.64 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 8YCZ9HSM .
Thank you for all your help.
Was that all you needed?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.
You are very welcome. Have a great day.


I want a cheap, [european] restaurant please.
[The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill] is in the cheap price range and features a modern European menu.
What is the address and phone number?
It is located at Quayside Off Bridge street. The phone number is is 01223 301030.
Thank you good bye.
You're welcome. Have a good evening and enjoy.


I am looking for a restaurant called [Efes Restaurant].
Efes restaurant is in town centre, serving turkish food and is moderately priced. The address for it is King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please, just for 1 on Sunday at [18:45]. I will need a reference number as well.
Great! I booked you in at 18:45 on a Sunday. Your reference number is RZD2U6C2 .
Thanks. I'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the college category.
We have many colleges, some with an entrance free and some without. Do you have a preferred location or cost concern?
I will take one that you recommend. I will need the postcode and address.
How about churchill college? Address is storey's way, postcode cb30ds. Anything else I can do for you?
What's the address for [Churchill College]?
The address is saint andrew's street.
Can I get the postcode as well for it?
The postcode is cb30ds.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for this! Have a great day.
And a great day to you as well!


I am looking for a place to stay. It should have free wifi and free parking.
There are close to 30 to choose from. They are spread out throughout town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'd like to stay in the north part of town.
Do you have a preference for a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range. Can you help me make a booking somewhere that fits what I need or should I go elsewhere?
I can book you a room at the [acorn guest house]. What day would you like to arrive and how long will you stay?
Does it have free wifi and parking?
Absolutely. It is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.
Perfect. I'd like to book it from Thursday for 5 people. We'll be staying for 5 nights.
Excellent. Your booking was successful and the reference number is T4EPI1BI . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I also need a train from cambridge to birmingham new street.
Sure, I have many I can help you choose from. Can you tell me what day you'll be traveling? It looks like this train will cost 75.10 pounds.
no I just need the departure time and the train id please
Yes, what day will you be traveling and I would be happy to help with that.
I will be traveling on monday.
What time on Monday would you need to arrive in birmingham new street?
I need it to arrive by [18:15].
Train ID#TR5435 departs Cambridge at 15:01and arrives at Birmingham new street at 17:44. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed today. You were very helpful, thank you!
Thank you. Let us know if you need further assistance.


Hello I need to go to Cambridge and will be leaving on Saturday from Norwich, can you tell me what my train options are?
There are many options. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
Yes, I would like to depart any time after [20:15].
There is a train departing Norwich at 21:16 on Saturday. Would this be ok?
Yes. Can you give me the train ID and the travel time?
The train ID is TR3267 and the travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like to purchase tickets?
I would also like to book a 4 star Guesthouse
Okay I have found several options. Is there a particular area you want to stay in?
Yes, I'd like something in the north, and in the moderate price range, please.
[Acorn Guest House] is a really nice 4 star place. Free internet and parking too. Can I get you more information?
I need to book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
I was able to book your stay at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is SW8AC8GH .
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Great. If you think of anything else feel free to ask any time.


Could you please find me somewhere to stay? I need a moderately priced hotel but I'm not fussy about parking
Sure, which part of town do you want to stay in?
I really like the north. It seems much more peaceful.
I have two hotels available. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like more information?
Is it a 4 star? If so, can you give me the phone number?
The Acorn Guest House is 4 stars. Does it need to be a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
Either way is fine with me. What's the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353888
I also would like to find [Chinese] food in the north.
[Hakka] and the hotpot are expensive, golden wok is moderately priced, any preferences?
no, could you just reserve a table for 4 at [11:45] thurs and I'll need the ref # too please
A table has been booked at Hakka. The reference number is WBYI96YH . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
No thank you that will be all


I need a restaurant serving [swiss] food in the centre of town.
There are no Swiss food serving restaurants in that part of town, is there another type of restaurant in that area I can help you locate?
How about [Chinese] instead?
There are 10 restaurants that serve Chinese in this area. Did you have price range?
Price range doesn't matter. Can I have the address of a place that sounds good?
My personal favorite would have to be the [ugly duckling]. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street, City Centre, postcode cb21tw. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I also need a train that departs from Ely on Wednesday.
There is a train that leaves Ely every two hours starting at 05:35. What time would you like to depart?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by [17:30], so whatever arrives closest to that time would be great.
The train arriving closest to 17:30 in Cambridge Wednesday is TR2211, which arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book a seat?
What is the price?
The price of that will be 4.40 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. Can you provide me with the ticket information?
How many tickets will you need?
I just need 1 ticket please.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is PZ1ED5GM .
Awesome. That will be everything!
Great. Have a great day!


I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves [british] food.
There are no British restaurants in the north part of town. Shall I search for something else?
Yes. I'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best [Indian] restaurant there is.
[Royal Spice] is an Indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range. Would you like their address?
Of course!
Their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postal code C.B 4, 1 E.H. What else can I do for you?
That's it. Thank you.
Thank yo and good bye.


Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 4-star hotel, please?
There are no moderately priced 4 star hotels but there are 11 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Are guesthouses an option for you?
It needs to have free parking
The [acorn guest house] definitely fits your needs. It's 4 star and free parking. Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book it for 4 nights starting Saturday.
How many people in your party?
There are 6 people. Can I have a reference number please after you are done with the booking?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is : 2320XP1D . What else can I help you with today?
Could you tell me if there is a multiple sports place in the centre of town?
No sorry, there is no mutliple sports attraction in the centre of town.
Will you check for colleges instead?
how about [christ's college]? looks fun.
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?
christ's college is located at saint andrew's street and has a free entrance fee.
I guess I just need a phone number for Christ's College. Then, I'll be all set!
I will look up the phone number. Give me one moment, please.
No problem. After I have the number, that is all I need for tonight.
the phone number is 01223334900. can i help you with anything else?


Hi, could you help me with my plans? I am looking for a train.
I can help you with that. Where will be departing and where do you want to go?
I will be departing from Cambridge and going into Ely on Saturday.
Trains run that route every two hours throughout the day. Do you have a target departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive in Ely by [11:15]. Could you please tell me the price and what the departure time is?
TR0718 arrives at 10:07 on saturday. Cost is 3.52 pounds. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
I see it arrives at 10:07 but so you have the departure time?
The train that arrives at 10:07 would depart at 09:50.
Yes, please book it.
How many tickets are you needing?
I'm sorry, I just needed the train info. However, I need a place to stay in the North preferably with parking. Can you assist?
I have 11 different options for you. Is there a certain price range or star level you would like?
No, it should include free wifi.
There are 11 options for you. If you have no further specifications, then I recommend hamilton lodge.
Is [Hamilton Lodge] located in the north area of town?
Yes it is. Would you like to book it or do you need more info?
Yes I need to book it for 5 people. We will be staying 5 nights starting monday.
I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is LJ3XA5IZ . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, is Hamilton Lodge a guesthouse or hotel? I prefer a hotel.
Hamilton Lodge is indeed a guesthouse. I am showing 2 hotels in the North both have a two star rating. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 days.
I was able to book The Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is DDEI8K1U .
Thank you. Appreciate all the help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I appreciate your help. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I need informant on trains.
okay what information do you need per say?
I'd like a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, arriving by [21:30] on Tuesday.
TR3515 will arrive at 21:27, would that work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the typical travel time, and price for a ticket?
The typical travel time is 88 minutes and it is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book that for you?
No. Could you please find me a restaurant in the center of town in the expensive price range?
We have 5 different restaurants in the centre. Two of them are expensive, one of them is African cuisine, the other is oriental cuisine. What do you prefer?
What are the expensive ones?
We have the Bedouin, Kymmoy, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and The Midsummer House Restaurant. All 5 are expensive and in the town centre.
Could I have the postcode of one that you recommend?
How about Bedouin? The postcode is CB12BD. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is it for today. thanks for helping
You're welcome, have a great day.


Can you tell me what colleges are open to tourists on the west side of town?
Sure, there is churchill, clare, clare hall, magdalene, and queens' college.
Ok, can I get a phone number for the [Magdalene]?
phone number is 01223332138
I'm also looking for a [Thai] restaurant.
What area are you looking for and what price range?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the attraction and in the the expensive price range
[Sala Thong] fits the bill. Would you like their information?
Yes please. I'd like the address with postcode, and a phone number.
Sure the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham,phone number 01223323178 and post code cb39ey.
Okay, that's all that I need. Goodbye.
Have a great day! Goodbye


Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.
I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.
The cheap one is the [Cambridge belfry].
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IKC0PEFS .


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
There are many attractions in the town centre. Is there a particular type you have in mind?
Is there a theater in the centre?
There are 4 theatres in the centre: ADC, Cambridge Arts, Mumford, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Any of those places are fine. Could I have the address of one of them?
Sure, the ADC Theatre is on park street, postcode cb58as.
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that is also in the centre. A guesthouse is my preference if available.
Yes, I've got two guesthouses that match those criteria, one with 4 stars and one with 0. Would you like me to book you at one, and if so, which?
Please book the one that has free parking.
Both hotels have free parking. What day, time and how many people would you like to make this booking for?
I would like the 4 star one. I need it starting thursday for 4 nights and 6 people.
great, your reference number is DYLWUDB2
Thank you very much, that is everything I need.
The name of the guesthouse is [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], and it is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you. Have a great day!
Thank you for choosing our service. Have a great day!


Can you tell me where I can find an expensive [chinese] restaurant?
There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would prefer the city centre please.
I have 4. How about hk fusion?
I would like to book a table for 6 people at [13:30] on Sunday.
The booking for hk fusion was unsuccessful. Would you like a different restaurant?
Will try another one in the same area and price range? If you can book it, will you give me the reference number?
You are booked into the [ugly duckling] which is in the expensive price range in the centre of town. Your reference number is 3RFXW8G6 . Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, good bye.
Okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling.


Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called [Home from home].
I can help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced. It has a 4-star rating and offers free parking and wifi.
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information
You are welcome! Can I help you book that?
No, thanks. I do need to look for a train, too. Can you help me?
Yes, can you tell where you are going and coming from please?
I need to leave from Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Thursday.
Ok, how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for 4 people. I need something that leaves after [10:45] as well.
We have many trains that match your request, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No any of them are fine. Please give me the reference number too.
I have booked your party of 4 on the TR3262 departing Cambridge for Broxbourne on Thursday at 11:01. Your reference is AGMKNY6Z . Can I help you more today?
No, thanks, that was all I needed.
You are welcome. Have a good day.


I'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. I'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the north.
Wonderful! There are two, one is between victoria road and the river and the other is jedburgh court and kigs hedges. Which would you like?
Choose the one with the best reputation for me. I will need the address and entrance fee as well please.
Kings Hedges Learner Pool is at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges and the postcode is cb42xh.
Thanks. Can you help me find a [Mediterranean] restaurant as well?
There are 3 in the centre of town. Do you prefer expensive or cheap?
I need it to be in the expensive price range and I'm looking for a table for 4.
There are 2 expensive mediterranean restaurants in the centre. In order to determine which one can accommodate you, I'll need to know what day you'd like.
Monday, for 4 people at [15:00].
I was able to book you a table at the [la mimosa] for 4 people.Ref No is A6JHOS2N . It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything Else?
Thank you. Going back to the [Kings Hedges Learner Pool], what is the entrance fee?
Hmm, I can't find the information in the database unfortunately.
Do any of the swimming pools in the north show an entrance fee?
Unfortunately, none of them have a listed entrance fee. I would be happy to provide you their phone number so that you can call them for it if you like.
That's okay, but I would like to book a taxi between the two places, please.
I've booked your taxi, it will be a blue lexus with the contact number of 07039857311. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 15:00, right?
Yes, that's correct. Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.
Okay, have a great day.


I would like the address to the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] hotel in Cambridge.
It is located at 138 perne road
What is the price range of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
It's in the moderate price range.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in town. I'm particularly interested in colleges. Any recommendations?
I have 18 different colleges available. Is there a particular area of town or price range you're looking for?
You can choose which ever is best, can I have the postcode?
Clare Hall is a favorite of mine is the west. The post code is cb39al. May I help you with anything else?
No that takes care of it,thank you
I'm happy we could be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Hi, I am looking for an attraction called [Queen's College]. Can you give me some information about it please?
sure! it's located in the west and costs 2.50 pounds.
Thank you for your help!
Glad to help. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
im looking for a place to stay with a moderate price and has wifi
There are quite a number to choose from. Do you want to stay in a particular area or do you have a preference between a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like something in the centre, with free wifi and free parking.
The [Cityroomz] Hotel is located in centre with a moderate price range and has internet. Would you like the phone number or for me to book it for you?
Yes can you please do that for me thank you!
when were you planning your stay I need that info to book the room for you, thank you
Can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from Tuesday?
Cityroomz does not have free parking. Is that a requirement? There are no other places that meet all of the other requirements you need.
How about in the north area?
I have 10 different places. Some are guesthouses and a few hotels. Do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel please.
I think [ashley hotel] would work for you. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Sure. That works for me. I need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on Tuesday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is T0ORFZPB . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thanks i also need a taxi.
What destination and times do you need that taxi at?
I would like the taxi to leave the hotel by [21:15].
what is your destination?
i want to go towards the hotel
I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07766667494.
thanks you very much
Is there anything else I can search for you? Do you need to book a restaurant?
No, that pretty much takes care of it. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our services. I hope we see you again.


I need a taxi to pick me up after [04:15]
Sure! where are you going?
I'm going to the [hotel du vin and bistro]
Alright. And where would you like to be picked up from?
Please pick me up at the [scott polar museum]
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you.
Could you give me the car type and contact number?
Certainly, the car is a white Honda, and the contact number is 07135860962.
Got it. Thanks for helping me.
Your welcome.. Have a great time.


Hi, could you find me a train that leaves on Thursday from Bishops Stortford?
Sure. What is your destination?
I am headed to Cambridge. Also, I will be out late the night prior so please nothing before [10:00]
There is a train leaving at 11:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, not yet. I just really need to know the travel time for now.
The travel time for that train is 38 minutes. The one that leaves at 11:29 will arrive by 12:07.
Thanks! I also need a place to stay with free parking and a 3 star rating.
There are 3 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from, peppered all around the city. Which do you prefer, and what area of town would you like to be in?
I would prefer a hotel in the centre of town please.
The Gonville Hotel meets all of your requirements. It's an expensive hotel (not a guesthouse) in the city centre. They offer free wifi and parking and have a 3-star rating.
Can you please provide the address of the Gonville Hotel?
Sure, the Gonville Hotel is located at gonville place, post code cb11ly. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that should do it. Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.


Hi, can you point me to a nearby hospital please?
The closest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital, their phone # is 01223245151. Can I help you with anything else?
What is their address, phone number and postcode please?
The hospital is located on Hills Road in Cambridge. The phone number is 01223245151. Their postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Okay thanks for calling.


I'd like to find somewhere to eat in the centre.
We have many restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a certain cuisine or price range in mind?
Yes, I was hoping for [modern global] food.
Iam sorry but I have nothing matching your needs right now.
How about a [Spanish] one?
I have two- [la tasca], which is moderate, and la raza, which is cheap.
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at [18:30] on wednesday.
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is VJ7PEVYV . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could you also tell me if there are any trains available arriving in cambridge that day?
There are trains arriving in Cambridge daily! Where are you coming from, on what day, and at what time?
I am coming for birmingham new street, would like to arrive on wednesday at [10:45].
I can put you on the TR7329, it will get you there by 10:23, how many tickets?
Can I have the departure time and price of train TR7329?
TR7329 Leaves at 07:40 and costs 75.10 pounds
Thank you, that's all I need.
Awesome. We're here if you need anything else. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.
Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by [13:00].
Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.
The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?
Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?


I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and I am looking for a restaurant call [The Varsity Restaurant].
The Varsity Restaurant serves [international] food at moderate prices. They are located in the centre. Would you like help in making a reservation?
Yes please. Can you make it for 7 people on sunday at [15:00]?
I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
Could we make it for [14:00].
Yes that time is available, would you like me to book that for you?
I sure would, thanks.
Great, you're booked with reference number EZAWT5OG . May I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go in town. Can you assist me with that also?
Yes, I can. How about Scudamore's Punting Co.? It is located in the centre of town so it would be close to your restaurant.
Sounds great, but I actually would prefer to maybe visit a college campus. Can you recommend one?
I have five places. [Jesus college] is a good one, what would you like to know?
Can I get the postcode?
The postcode is cb58bl. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant. I want to make sure it arrives by my reserved time.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red audi Contact number : 07727861490 is there anything else i can help you with?


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and food?
da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton or royal spice serves Indian food and is on Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank You
Thank you, goodbye


I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
There are several in that priced range. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. What do you have available?
how about [alexander bed and breakfast]? they are lovely
Sure. Can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Saturday? I also need the reference number.
I've made those reservations and your reference number is GDS15VTZ .
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after [19:30].
Where will you be heading and on what day please?
Going to broxbourne on Monday.
TR2292 leaves cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01, will that train work for you?
Yes, it will. Can you book 5 tickets for me please?
Okay, 5 tickets have been booked! Your reference number is 4VIS4L43 . Can I be of any further help?
No thank you that is all I need today.
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I am looking for a moderately priced [Chinese] restaurant.
There are a great number of Chinese restaurants in town! Is there a specific area you'd like me to check in, or do you have a price range in mind?
How about the center in a moderate price range.
[Jinling Noodle Bar] will meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Do they have any openings on Monday at [17:45]? There will be 2 of us.
Unfortunately there are no tables at that time, do you have another time?
Hmm, well ok. How about at [16:45] instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JZ0Q7BT0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.
Thank you, goodbye.


I need a train to stevenage on saturday.
The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21. When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than [16:15].
How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Thank you. Can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is expensive. I would like free wifi and in the east.
[Express by holiday inn cambridge] meets all those requirements. Would you like me to book a room?
I would like to book that for one person for two nights starting Thursday
I have that booked for you, is there anything else you need?
a reference number
Sure, your reference number is O9HUGXCO .
Great, thanks for your help!
You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
That is all, thanks!
thank you and enjoy your city stay!


Hi, I am looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.
There are many options to choose from but all of them are guesthouses except one. Do you need a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
I don't mind what type of hotel. But it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is a cheap hotel in the centre area with free parking. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.
Which three nights would you like me to book the hotel for?
Starting from sunday, please.
No problem. Your booking was successful for four people, starting Sunday for three days. Your reference number is 3BUQP529 .
Thanks can I also get a restaurant? I am looking for one in the centre of town serving [korean] food
The only Korean restaurant in the center of town is Little Seoul. It's expensive, but very good. Would you like to book a table there?
No, but I will need a taxi to the restaurant. I'll need to get from the [Alexander B&B] to [Little Seoul], leaving the hotel at [13:30].
Not a problem. You will be picked up by a white volvo, contact number 07532822307.
Thanks for you're help. May I also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.
The phone number is 01223308681 and their address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for all your help!
Of course, have a nice day!


I need a place to stay in the south of town.
i have a variety. if you can specify the price to narrow down my options
Moderately priced would be great, and I really need it to have WiFi.
Ok. There are two options. There is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house. Which one would you prefer?
I think I'd like [Bridge Guest House] please. Can you book it?
Sure. On what day, for how long, and for how many people?
We will arrive on Tuesday and stay for 4 nights. There will be 2 of us.
Booking was successful. and the Reference number is : 1JLMP6R2 .
Great, thank you! We will also want to try a moderately priced [Indian] restaurant. Are there restaurants like that in Cambridge?
There are four is there an area you prefer to dine in?
The same area as my hotel.
Sorry there are none in the south.
How about one in the north?
There is one named the [Nirala]. WOuld you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! I need a table for 2 on Tuesday at [16:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ND2O59QO .
I need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by [16:15]. It will pick me up at [Bridge Guest House]
I have that taxi reserved look for a grey tesla with a contact number of 07741826519.
that is great. thank you
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in. I don't care about parking, though.
There are 24 places available, Acorn Guest House has good ratings
I ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars, a guesthouse, in the east, and I don't need free parking.
Okay, how about the [a and b guest house]? If fits everything you need.
Perfect! Let's book it for two nights starting Saturday. There are five people in my party. I will also need the reference number.
Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay would work for you?
Can you suggest another place, is there a hotel with 4 stars in that area?
I'm sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east, but there are quite a few 4 star guesthouses. Would one of those interest you?
Yes. I want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Actually the A & B Guesthouse just opened up for Saturday. Your reference number is GM77DLR6 . Can I further assist you?
That's it for now, thank you so much.
You're welcome, Thank you, goodbye.


Hello, I am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town. Any ideas?
We have two options available. Would you prefer expensive or cheap?
Either would be fine. I would like it to have a five star rating.
I apologize neither is five stars. Would you like to try something else?
Is there a 4 star hotel available in the west part of town?
There are 2 hotels available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the expensive price range and the Cambridge Belfry in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference?
Sure, let's go with the [Cambridge Belfry]. Please give me its postcode and address.
The post code is cb236bw. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that's fine for now.
Their phone is 01954714600 if you choose to make a reservation yourself, or you may contact me again. Thank you!


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
I have the location on Hills Road in Cambridge with a phone number of 01223245151.
Thanks, can I get the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Great, thank you. That's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our services.


I need to book at taxi to take me from [the Fez Club] to the [Cambridge Punter].
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after [05:30].
Your booking is complete. A yellow ford will be picking you up.
That's great, before you go, could I get the contact number for the taxi, please?
The contact number is 07857775322.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
You're welcome, I'm glad I could help. If you need anything else feel free to ask.


I am interested in finding local [Indian] restaurants to visit during my trip to Cambridge.
Do you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range, please.
I have four indian restaurants. Do you have a area of town in mind?
I also need a place to stay and should be a guesthouse
There are 24 guesthouses to stay at around town. What area of town and price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel in the east.
There a 6 guesthouses in the east. Half of them are in the cheap range, and the other half moderate. What is your preference?
The price doesn't matter. But I need a reservation starting on Friday.
Okay, I recommend [Autumn House]. For the reservation on Friday, how many people will be staying and for how many days will you be staying?
5 people and 4 nights.
Booking your reservation was successful and your reference number is 47TOYZUY . Have you decided in which part of town you want me to find an Indian restaurant?
Anywhere is fine, it just needs to be moderately priced.
I have 4 at that price. 2 in east, 1 each in north and west. Any preferences?
No, any is fine really.
Okay. Then I recommend [curry prince] in the east. Would you like a reservation there?
Not yet. What part of town is it in?
It is in the East section of town.
Can you make a reservation for me, please?
Sure! How many people, what time, and what day?
It will be dinner for 5 people.
Of course! What time would you like to dine?
No actually I don;t need a reservation. I just need to find a hotel that is a guesthouse with free parking, and in the east and moderately priced.
you have a booking already for the Autumn House are you wishing to book another guesthouse?
No, I only need one.
Do you need to cancel the booking?
I only need one booking.
then Booking was successful.Reference number is : 47TOYZUY .
thanks for your help. have a great day
Have a nice day.


I need to book a train that departs after [14:30] from Broxbourne please.
Where will you be traveling to? I have multiple options for trains leaving after 14:30 from Broxbourne
I need a train to Cambridge, please.
And what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Broxbourne Tuesday.
How many tickets?
I don't need to book right now. Could you just give me the train ID. I'll need one that leaves after 14:30 Tuesday.
The first available train on Tuesday leaves at 14:32. The train id is TR9417. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 4 stars.
There are quite a few guest houses in Cambridge that would meet your needs. Do you have a preferred price range or area of town?
No preference on either. Can you recommend me a place and can I get a postcode for that guesthouse?
The [warkworth house] is a great choice for you, should we book a room? The postcode is cb11ee.
Yes, that sounds great.
How long will your stay be and when will it begin?
I'm not sure, actually. Just doing some research. Could you tell me what the price range is on the Warkworth?
It appears to be moderate. Is that ok?
Yes that is fine.
OK, it seems to have 4 stars and offers both free internet and free parking. Is there any other information I could get for you?
No thank you. That is it.
Okay, glad I could be of assistance.


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you'd like the phone number for?
That is all, thank you.
You're welcome. Let me give you the hospital's main phone number, which is 01223245151.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. The centre is here to help. Goodbye.


I need a not later than [9:15] train to Cambridge.
It looks like there's a train for Cambridge with an arrival time of 07:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book me for Sunday departing from london kings cross.
How many tickets will you require?
8, please
Your booking is successful. Train is leaving at 07:17 and it costs 151.04 GBP. Your reference number is 5Y7XKAJY . Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that's I need!
Okay thank you for calling. Don't hesitate to call us again.


Im looking for places to go in Cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area
I'm sorry, I haven't found any nightclubs in the east part of town, would you like to try a different area?
No, I need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?
[Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch] is located in the east at Whitehill Road. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!?
I'm not showing any information on the entrance fee. The postcode is cb58nt. The phone is 01223902088 is you would like to call them about the cost.
Thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area?
I have 9 different restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you are looking for?
I don't have a food preference type. I just want something expensive.
We have 5 expensive restaurants located in the east. The [grafton hotel restaurant], yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. Would you like to book for any?
Anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at [19:15].
My apologies. I tried to book at the east expensive restaurants for Tuesday at 19:15, but there was nothing available. Do you have a different day or time preference?
Can you try [18:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YP7M0T3J . Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. Make sure I arrive by my reservation time please.
Your taxi is booked. It is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07156793987 and will pick you up at the pool. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
thank you for using out service


I'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after [18:15].
Okay! From where are you departing?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday.
There is a train leaving Leicester at 18:21 and heading for Cambridge. Would you be interested in this one?
No thanks, I need one going from Cambridge to Leicester. Are there any that meet my needs?
My mistake. It does depart from cambridge to leicester at 18:21. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please for 1 person.
Your ticket is booked on TR0776 from cambridge to leicester on Tuesday at 18:21. The confirmation number is IH9JZWAI .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay in the east with free parking.
I have several options. Do you have a price range in mind?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range.
I would recommend the [warkworth house].
Great. I need to make a reservation for Saturday.
ok, how many days and guests?
It will be 2 nights and for 1 person.
There is one hotel in the east. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for one person for 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1RC02K68
that will be it for now. thanks
Please feel free to call again if we can help in any other way. Have a great day! Goodbye.


Hi there. I heard someone mention the [Bloomsbury Restaurant] and I was wondering if you could give me some information for them.
Sure the Bloomsbury is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively. Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 at [11:00] on Sunday.
Your table for 6 at 11:00 on Sunday at Bloomsbury is reserved (Reference #7354C6CL). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome, goodbye.


I am looking for a train to Cambridge please.
There are many trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from Norwich on Sunday.
Ok, there doesn't appear to be any trains leaving then. Could you leave later?
I can leave at [10:45].
I apologize for the earlier confusion. We have several trains that will meet your needs. TR6419 departs Norwich on Sunday at 11:16. Will that work for you?
Yes. can you tell me the total travel time as well?
It is going to be 79 minutes total.
Great, that's all I need. Goodbye!
Have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [christmas] food. Do you know of any?
I have No matching records found. would you like something different ?
Do you know of any restaurants that offer [Italian] food that is moderately priced?
There are 5 Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. What area do you prefer?
I changed my mind. Could you find a restaurant that serves [asian oriental] food?
I have found the yippe [noodle bar]. It is located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for six, please.
Okay and which day and time would be best for you?
Wednesday at [13:00], if that's available.
I was not able to book, can I try another place or time?
How about [12:00]?
Your table is reserved for 12:00. Your reference number is XOY3DO4V .
I would also like to go to a museum nearby in the south part of town. Please also give me its address and entrance fee.
I have [Byard Art] Museum in the south. They offer free admission. They are located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is it. Thank you so much.
byard art museum is located at 14 king's parade and the phone number is 01223464646. Let us know if we can help further.
Thank you again.
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
I have 13 hotels in that area, is there any special accommodations you would like?
I would prefer a guest house and free wifi please.
That narrows it down to 10, any other requirements?
Nope. Have any recommendations?
How about [archway house]. It is a guesthouse with a 4 star rating, moderate price range. It has free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Okay, I'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring Sunday, and I need a reference number. I'd also like a train to Broxbourne Thursday.
Your booking has been completed! Your reference number is M8Y6V3HX . Will your train be departing from Cambridge?
Yes it should be, is the one booked departing from Cambridge?
Yes the train will be departing from Cambridge.
Thanks. I'm good then.
I think there's been some confusion. Your lodgings are booked but we haven't yet found your train. Do you have a particular time you need to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to book my train. I need it to arrive by [17:30], please.
The TR2885 train leaves Cambridge at 06:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 07:01. The ticket price is17.90 pounds each. Would you like to book this train and how many tickets.
Yes. I will need 8 tickets for the train.
Great! I booked those 8 tickets for you. You are all set. Your reference number is 0H84W4J6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help!
Great! The total fee is 143.19 GBP.


I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and I'd like free wifi please.
I've found [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Does that hotel include free parking and have 2 stars?
Yes it does. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you, that's all I need.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice trip! Goodbye!
Actually, I also need a moderate priced restaurant in the same area.
I can find a few that meet that criteria, would you like Indian, or Italian food?
Well, everyone said it s my choice, so I think I would like [Italian].
Okay the [pizza hut fen ditton] fits that criteria. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Could you provide me with the address, phone number and postcode?
Sure. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditto, the postcode is cb58wr, and the phone number is 01223323737.
OK, thank you, that is everything that I need.
you are welcome. its our pleasure to serve you.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
There is the [Golden Wok] for Chinese food and the [Nirala] for Indian food.
Can I get the address and phone number?
For which location would you like that address and phone number?
For both please
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688. The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome. Thanks and goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.
I have located the Acorn Guest house in the North Area. It has a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to to book a room?
No, sorry. I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, not north.
I have a guest house that is in the cheap price range and a hotel in the expensive. Would you like to book at one of them?
what is the address and price range
The [University Arms Hotel] is in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a room?
No, but I do need the address and postcode.
Certainly, the address is regent street and the can be reached at 01223351241, can I assist with anything else?
I'm also looking for a college in the same area.
I have 13 colleges in that area. Would you prefer one with an entrance fee or without?
How about one with free entrance. May I have their address and postcode, please?
Downing College is a real sleeper and they have no entrance fee. Their address is on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Need any other help today?
No that will be everything, thank you!
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.


I've been injured. Where is the closest hospital?
The closest hospital is the Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ, do you need their phone number?
No. What is the complete address?
That is the address we have available to us. Is there anything else we can help with?
No. That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you and have a great day.


I could really go for some [Italian] food - is there a good place in the city centre?
Yes we have 9 Italian restaurants in that area. Do yo have a price range you'd like to stick to?
No price range but can you check in the centre of town?
If you want to splurge, I recommend [Stazione]. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. Luncheon for 7 at [12:45] this Monday, or 11:45 if the later is not available. Please get me a confirmation number too please.
You're all set! The reservation number is IGC0GLMU
Great. Are there any interesting places to go in the area of that restaurant?
The [Broughton House Gallery] is free and located at 98 King Street.
I was looking for a college.
[christ's college] is in the centre and admission is free
Great. Can I have the phone number?
Yes, that phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just a taxi from the church to the restaurant by the booking time please
It is booked for you in a yellow tesla, the contact number is 07059448074.
Great! Thanks for all your help today!
Have a great day!
thanks again for all of your help, you've been great!
Have a great weekend.


I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves [greek] food
I am sorry there no restaurants matching what you want. Is there anything else?
How about [Chinese] food?
Would you like something in the expensive or cheap price range?
Cheap, I think.
[the lucky star] serves chinese food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range. Would you like more information for them?
What is the address?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Good bye.


Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking?
I found 29 places matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in or a price range you would like to stick to?
I'd like to stick to a moderate price range.
Okay and what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in town centr
I'm sorry there are no moderately priced hotels in the centre of town with free parking. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Actually, the area doesn't matter. I just need a 4-star hotel in the moderate price range.
I do have some guesthouses, but no hotels. Would you like reservations at one?
I really would like a hotel not a guesthouse, can you please search again - open to all areas.
I apologize, but the are no hotels available that meet the following criteria: free parking, moderate price range, 4-stars. Would you like me to change the search criteria?
Can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range with free parking?
I have 9 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there an area you are interested in?
There is no certain area but I'd prefer a hotel.
I'm sorry but you will have to change some of your criteria if you would like me to find you something or accept a guest house.
I apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. I would like it to have free parking, be 4 star, moderately priced, and the area doesn't matter.
Okay, no problem! I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. It has everything you're looking for.
Great, can you please book it for me? There will be 7 of us staying
Of course I can help you with that. What day will be arriving and for how many days will you be staying?
I will be arriving on Tuesday and staying for two days please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AKH4MCWD . Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you very much
You are welcome! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything further, and until then goodbye!


Can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves [light bites]?
I'm sorry, we have no light bites restaurants in the city centre. Would you like to try another cuisine?
Then how about one that serves [european] food?
Yes, there are 8 restaurants that meet that criteria. I can recommend the [Eraina].
Do they have booking available for 3 people at [11:15] on Friday?
I am sorry I am not able to book that for you. I was able to get a table for you at [michaelhouse cafe]. Your reference number is VUH4CST4 .
Thank you for your help.
Have a great day.


Good day. I'm headed into town and I need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi please
Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range and what area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
Four great options in the north and one in the east, I suggest the [Acorn].
Okay, i'll try it out! Book me for 6 people, 2 nights starting this monday.
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is M2YEYUTC . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you. Yes, I also need to find a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
there are 5. which side of town do you prefer?
I would refer in the center and as long as it's moderate pricing.
There are two [pizza express] locations in the centre. One in Regent Street City Centre and the other in Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, let's go for the one in Regent Street City Centre. It will be on Monday, at [19:15], and there will be 6 people.
You are booked for the Pizza Express. Your reference number is G6O0PMU6 .
thank you that will be all
Have a good visit!


I am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town.
Nandos is a nice restaurant in the South part of town. It is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food.
Is there anything else? And what is the address and phone number?
yes there is [the lucky star] serves [chinese] food in the cheap price range and in the south part of town, Its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 327908.
No that is all. Thank you!
Have a nice day!


i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge
What day and approximately what time will you be traveling to Cambridge?
I need to get there by [20:30] on Wednesday.
You could grab the TR3828 leaving stansted airport it will get you there by 09:52.
Can you get me there a little bit earlier?
How about 05:24 that is the earliest, how many tickets please?
There will be 8 of us.
Okay, I have you booked for train TR5910. The total fee is 80.8 GDP. Is there anything more I can do for you?
I also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 4 star
There are 5 different options that fit that criteria, 2 in the east, 2 in the north, and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Which of those have free wifi?
There are actually 18 different options to choose from. Is there a certain part of the city you'd like to stay in, or a particular price point?
Any price point is fine as long as it is 4 star and has free parking.
How about [Allenbell]?
Sure, Can I have a reference Number?
I need some more information first. What day will you be checking in on, and how many days will you be staying for? And how many people?
Actually, I change my mind. I will take care of the booking later. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you contacting us, it was a pleasure to help. If you need any assistance feel free to contact us again, goodbye.


What sort of dining does Cambridge offer in the centre, in the moderate price range?
There are 21 different choices. What kind of food are you looking for?
I would like some [christmas] food.
I'm sorry. I could not find a restaurant that meets that criteria. Would you like to try something else?
How about somewhere with [Lebanese] food?
Yes, there is a moderately priced Lebanese restaraunt in the centre named [Ali Baba]. How does that sound?
That will work can you make a reservation and send me the reference number please?
of course, what day shall i make the reservation for?
Tuesday please at [18:15] for 6 people.
Your table at Ali Baba is booked, reference #NYH3ZPQN . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I 'd like to find a hotel in the same area, one with three stars.
We have an expensive hotel called [gonville hotel] with free internet and parking. Would you be interested in booking a room here?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people?
Your booking at the Gonville Hotel was successful. The reference number is FHD472H3 . Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, you have been very helpful. That is all I needed. Bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!


I would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced moderate.
There are 9 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from. Which type of lodging do you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I do need it to have free Internet.
The [acorn guest house] is located in the north and is moderately priced and has internet access. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from monday.
I'm sorry, that booking wasn't available. Could you perhaps stay a shorter time period?
Ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from Monday.
Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is OOU8KLRA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
We would like to eat near the hotel, something [austrian]!
There are no Austrian restaurants in the north area, can I try something else?
Darn, okay, how about [Italian] instead?
The [Da Vinci Pizzeria] is located in that area. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can I make the reservation for Monday at [19:00] for 8 people?
Your table for 8 has been reserved, and they'll hold it for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is MUCNCVPD . Need further assistance?
What kind of car is reserved?
I can book a car for you if you'd like. Would you like to arrive at the restaurant the same time as your reservation?
Yes. Please let me know the contact number and car type for the taxi.
Your taxi will be a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07923389673. .
thank you that will be all all
Thank you, Have a great day.


I am looking for a [caribbean] restaurant in the centre of the city.
Regretfully, there are no caribbean restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town?
I am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in?
Sure, a [turkish] restaurant in the moderate price range would be great.
I have 2 turkish restaurants in the centre. The anatolia or efes restaurant are both moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, book me The Anatolia for 8 people at [12:00] on Friday.
I'm sorry, there are no available seats at that time. Would you like to try [Efes] restaurant?
Yes please try booking that.
Yes I was able to get you into that restaurant and your reference number is 46AL3F0C .
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That will be all.
Okay. Great. Enjoy your lunch.


I need a place to go in the centre.
Great! I can help you with that. Are you looking for an attraction of some sort, a restaurant, or a place to stay?
I am looking for an attraction in the Centre please.
I have castle galleries which is a museum and has free admission.
Great. I need to find a place to eat too that has [indian] food near the centre of town.
[Kohinoor] is a great Indian Restaurant in the Centre. Would you like more information or allow me to book you a table.
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at [11:30] on tuesday.
I have your table reserved. The reference number is awt6mw8f . Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


Can you help me find a train leaving after [18:00] on wednesday?
Can you please give me your departure and destination, please?
I want to leave after 18:00 to Broxbourne from Cambridge.
I have one departing at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
How much is the price per ticket?
17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the north side with four stars, please.
There are 7! Do you need internet and parking?
No but it needs to be a guesthouse.
I have five places. Shall I book you one?
Please, for 7 people, 4 nights. The same day as my train. What was the travel time on that train again?
I have booked you at [Acorn Guest House]. Your reference number is MMSZTKRS . Your train trip is 60 minutes long, but you've not booked. Would you like to do that now?
Thank you, that is all the information I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.
I'm going to need a bit more information. What day would you be traveling? Would you be traveling to Cambridge?
I'll be traveling on Monday, and yes, I'm going to Cambridge.
I have 19 trains traveling on Monday, do you have a time you would like?
arrive by [09:30] and should go to cambridge and I need nthe price
There is one that leaves at 05:11 that costs 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not right now, but can you find me a [gastropub] restaurant in the centre of town?
There's three different gastropub restaurants in the centre of town, 2 expensive and 1 moderately priced one. Do you have any preferences?
I would like an expensive price range.
Okay. May I recommend the [The Slug and Lettuce] which is expensive and good?
Sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 6 at [15:00] on the same day I'm traveling?
Done! Your reference number is W8BBWE42 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Goodbye.
No thank you that will be all


Can you help me, I've been mugged?
you can get help here Parkside Police Station Telephone : 01223358966 Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG
Thank you, I will contact the Parkside Police Station by calling them at: 01223358966.
Are you injured? Do you need hospital information?
no, that is all. Thanks
I'm glad you're not hurt, and I hope the police are able to help you with the robbery. If there's anything else I can help with just let me know.


I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down the list?
Can I get the food type and postcode of one you'd recommend?
I recommend anatolia, it is a turkish food type restaurant and its postcode is cb21uj.
Okay thank you very much.
Would you like to book a table, if so how many are dining?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything.
Thank you, and have a great day!


Yes, I'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side. Do you know of anything?
yes I have one listing for an international place called [The Missing Sock]. It is very popular. Would you like their telephone number?
Yes. Please give me the telephone number.
Their number is 01223812660.
Thanks! Now could you make a reservation for me? I need a table for 1 on Saturday at [12:15], please.
Unfortunately, they are fully booked during that time slot. Would you like me to try for a different time or day?
How about [11:15]?
You've been booked for 11:15. Do you need anything else?
May I have the reference number please?
Your reference number is FK3AREID .
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!
Great! Have a great day!


Can you find me attractions in the centre?
We have tons of attractions, what types are you looking for?
Could you give me a few different options?
There is All Saints Church which is renowned for its stunning Architecture, or Scudamores Punting Co for a more nautical adventure, or you can see a show at Vue Cinema.
Could you provide me the address of [All Saints Church]?
Yes, the address is jesus lane, there is no address number with that. Anything else that I can assist with today?
Yes, I also need a moderately priced [gastropub] in the centre of the city.
How about [The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]? It meets your criteria.
I need it for four people on Thursday, at [11:00].
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XEN4SWZZ .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help.
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
The nearest hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Let me also have the postcode and telephone number, please.
Sure the phone number is 01223245151 and the post code is CBQ022.
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


I'm looking for a [Polish] restaurant in the centre of town.
Regretfully, there isn't one. Would another cuisine do?
Hmmm, I do need something cheap. Are you sure there are no Polish places? My friend told me there was a good one.
I'm sorry, I'm still not finding anything. Do you want to try a different area?
Well, let's try the [asian oriental] food instead.
I show two in the centre, dojo noodle bar and j restaurant in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
I need a table for 6 people at [11:30] on Saturday, please.
Did you have a preference between the two restaurants?
Let's do the [Dojo Noodle Bar].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IGF0ULSP .
Great. I also need to find some places to go to around the same area. Can you help me with that?
I can. What sort of place are you looking for?
I was hoping you could make some suggestions.
My suggestions are Little saint mary's church which is known for its architecture; cambridge contemporary art museum, and the soul tree nightclub.
can i get the address for Little saint mary's church?
Yes the address is little saint mary's lane.
Ok. Thanks. All set.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I need a place to stay that is cheap.
There are several options to choose from.
I would like a guesthouse type of place with free parking.
We have nine, and all but two are four star rated establishments.
The star rating doesn't matter. Which one is the best?
The alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre. Its phone number is 01223525725


Could you help me choose a train running from Stansted Airport to Cambridge?
Certainly. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday [after 21:15] please.
There is a train leaving at 22:24 from Stansted Airport on Sunday. Would you like me to book it?
yes, that would be great.
How many tickets do you need?
actually just tell me how long the trip is
The duration is 28 minutes. May I help with something else?
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.
Do you want a hotel or a guesthouse ?
I would like a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, please.
Sorry, I don't have any 3 star hotels in the moderate price range. Would you like to try a guesthouse or a 2 star hotel perhaps?
I don't care what area. Can you double check please? I also need wifi.
There are no results. Perhaps we could try a different type or star rating?
Sure, let me know what is available.
I have 2 star rating hotels. Would that work for you?
Yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting friday?
Booking was successful for the [ashley hotel]. Reference number is : OF50YGXK .
Thanks for your help. Have a great day.
You are welcome, goodbye til next time.


Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
My pleasure, there is something for everyone, we have over 40 attractions in that area? What kind of activity do you have in mind?
Shopping and maybe a mini mall and I need address, postcode, and attraction type
I don't have any info on shopping sites but I do have info on museums, architecture, cinema and the like.
Where would you recommend?
I would recommend Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, located on Bateman Street, Postcode cb21jf. It does cost 4 pounds to enter. Phone is 01223336265.
Sounds good, thanks! I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called [Eraina].
Yes Eraina serves European food and is located in the center and is expensive.
Can you book me a table please?
I can assist you with that. How many guests are in your party and what date and time would you prefer?
Book it for [14:30] on Wednesday for 5 people
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is INFN2J8M . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I need.
Have a wonderful day.


Hi, I'm looking for a [Portuguese] restaurant in the south of Cambridge.
I can recommend [Nandos], a cheap portuguese place in the south. I can help you book a table if you'd like.
Yes please. A table for 2 at [15:30] on Thursday would be great.
Great I was able to get that booked for you. Reservation # is ID2VGNB7 . Is there anything else?
Yes. I'd also like to go to a museum in the same area.
[Byard Art] is in the south. They're at 14 King's Parade. Would that suit you?
Yes, can I purchase the tickets now or do I need to buy them at the door?
For the museum the admission is free of charge, so you do not have to have a ticket. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I please get a phone number?
The phone number for byard art is 01223464646. Is that all you needed help with?
Yeah, that should be all, thank you.
Great, enjoy the trip!


Could you give me some details for [Carolina bed and breakfast]?
Carolina Bed & Breakfast is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse on the east side of town. Do you need additional details?
No, that sounds wonderful. Can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on Friday? It will just be myself.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 8IFKQGD8 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Have a good day, goodbye.


i got injured and are looking for the [john farman intensive care unit] department
Certainly, the number to the Intensive Care Unit is 01223256166.
Could I get the address and postcode please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all for now. Thanks for the help!
Thank you, and have a nice day!


i need a place to stay
What side of town or price range were you looking at?
Price doesn't matter but would like a 4 star hotel in the west that includes free parking.
Yes are you interested in a cheap or expensive place to stay?
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
I have booked you at The [Cambridge Belfry] hotel. Reference number is : VJSD7MP1 . Is there anything else I can do?
Thanks. Can you give me some information about [the varsity restaurant]?
It is an international restaurant, in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 7 at [12:00] on Tuesday.
I have booked the Varsity Restaurant for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:00. The reference number is: 738I9LRF .
Great, thank you so much!
Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No thank you! Thanks for all your help!
Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.
enjoy your stay in cambridge


I need a [04:00] taxi at the [Cambridge Lodge Restaurant].
Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from [birmingham new street train station].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red lexus Contact number : 07427709999
That is all I need, thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks so much for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day! Goodbye.


Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help finding a place to stay.
Certainly, do you have any special requests or preferences?
I would love a guesthouse but I do need wifi. Do you have any like that?
We have 23 Guesthouses that have free wifi, is there a particular area you want to stay in?
No the area doesn't matter, and I know this sounds strange but I'm looking for a guesthouse with a 1 star rating.
Those are all booked for the year due to events is a hotel okay?
Could you possible check in the surrounding areas? I might as well also get a list of 2 star rated hotels. Do you mind?
I have 3 hotels that have a 2 star rating. Two are located in the north and one in the east, do you have a preference of area?
Okay, how about the one in the est please?
The [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is the one in the east. Do you need any info on it?
Yes I would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from Saturday.
Okay, I will work on booking this for you and be right back with you.
May i get the reference number?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is HF0MER2O .
Great thanks I also need a taxi leaving the hotel by [05:00]
OK, where are we taking the taxi to? Did we also need to book a restaurant or find an attraction?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00. Going to the attraction.
First we need to find you a attraction then we could book your taxi I think.
somewhere in the south, sorry need the phone # and admission fee
The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park and theatre. Which do you prefer?
Can you make a recommendation?
I would recommend [tenpin], which is an entertainment venue in the south. It's a lot of fun.
Great, can I have the phone number and reference fee.
Just so I can get you the right information, are you interested in Byard art or tenpin?
Please send info on tenpin. Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately I don't have any information about their entrance fee but if you call them at 08715501010, they'll tell you. Will that be all today?
Thank you for the help. That's all for now.
I hope you have a good trip. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after [12:15].
Okay. What is the destination?
That will be London King's Cross, and I'll be travelling on Tuesday.
TR0315 is the first train out after 12:15. It departs at 13:00 and arrives at King's Cross at 13:51. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 6 of them.
That booking was successful and your reference number is A7PJEHZW .
I also need a hotel. Do not need Free Parking.
I have about 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel to choose from. Is there an area that you would like to stay in?
I need something in the south area.
I'm sorry there are no guesthouses in the south. Would you like a different area or a hotel instead?
Maybe try one with free parking.
[rosa's] bed and breakfast is super cheap, has free parking though, but it is a 4 star. Would you like to book it?
That would be fine. Can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 9VM0WVB8 . Will that be all?
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.
I hope you enjoy your stay!


I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
There are 12 places to stay in the north with free internet. Do you have a price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.
all i have is guesthouses when were you planning your stay?
That's perfect, I was looking for a guesthouse. I'm still planning. Could you just give me the postcode for now?
acorn guest house with zip code cb41da will be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guest house and of moderate price.
Do they have free parking?
I will check to see if the acorn has free parking now.


Yes I need a cheap restaurant in the Cambridge area on the north side of town. What do you suggest?
thank you I will go to [royal spice].
Okay can you book me a table for Saturday at [19:45] for 3 people? I would also like the reference number for the booking.
I have successfully booked your reservation. Your reference number is 7XYDZ38V . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. I would prefer at least 4 stars and free parking.
We have 19 entries that match your search. Do you have any further preferences?
I would like the place to have the same price range as the restaurant, so cheap.
The worth house is a hotel that is also on the north side of town and it is cheap. Would you like to book a room there?
I would prefer one that has free parking and a star rating of 4.
The worth house does meet your stated criteria.
Okay, could you also tell me the area of the hotel?
Absolutely, the Worth House is located in the North Area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you for all of your help!
What day would you like the reservation for?
Saturday at 19:45
For how many people and how many nights would you like that hotel reservation?
Actually, I will go ahead and make a reservation for a later time. But, thank you for all the info. I think that is all I needed.
If there is nothing else, have a good day.


Please help me I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
Of course, it is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Their phone number is 01223245151
thats all thank you
You're welcome, have a great day!


My cousin told me about a place called [the fez club].
The fez club is a nightclub located at 8 market passage in the centre area. To enter the club it will cost you 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it? I also am looking for a place to eat.
Here's the information: cb23hx, 8 market passage and 01223519224. What kind of food would you like?
anything is good as long as it is in the centre
Well, the city centre has a lot of places to eat. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like something moderately priced.
I have many options including Asian, British, Chinese, Italian and European food. Anything interest you?
I've never had [British] food. Let's try that. Can you tell me some info on that one?
Well I personally like [The Oak Bistro] which is located on 6th Lensfield Road.
Can you book that for me?
I'd be happy too. Do you know when you'd like to eat?
Let's say 17:30. Is there a reservation available at that time?
It looks like they have an opening. Can you tell me how many people will be in your party?
On second thought, I'm not ready to book yet. I need to talk to my wife. Can you just get me the post code for Oak Bistro?
Yes, it is cb23hx. What else can I help you with today?
Great thank you. That will be all. Goodbye
Have a nice day.


I need a taxi to pick me up at The [Good Luck] Chinese Food Takeaway to take me to [Alpha-Milton Guest House].
Of course; can you tell me what time you need to leave or arrive by?
I will need to be there by [18:15] please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow volvo Contact number : 07057945339


I am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city.
Sure, I'd be happy to help. Do have a price range or particular area of town you're interested in?
I'd like it to include free parking and be in the north please.
I have several options for you with prices ranging from cheap to moderate. I recommend the [Archway House].
Is that a guesthouse? I would really like that.
Yes, The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced, has 4 stars and includes free wifi and internet. Can I book you a room there?
You certainly can, thank you. I will be the only guest and I'd like to check in for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry. They are booked up through those days. Would you like to try for one day?
Yes, 1 night would be fine.
I have booked you for Wednesday night at the Archway House. Your reference number is 1MWP83E1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! That's all, thanks!
Welcome, hope you enjoy your day.


Yes, I was wondering what the location is of Addenbrookes Hospital.
That hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Could you please get me the phone number?
The main hospital phone number is 01223245151. Were you looking for a specific department?
no, that's all thanks
Happy to help. Feel free to call back if any additional questions come up. Have a good day.


Hello. I need to book a train ride from Ely going to Cambridge, can you help me with that?
Absolutely, you have plenty of options. On what day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Saturday after [12:00].
I have 6 trains leaving after 12:00 on Saturday. Do you have a preferred time of arrival to Cambridge?
No, I do not. I would, however, like to know the travel time.
The travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like the departure times?
Could you please confirm that train ID number with the travel time for me?
TR4698 leaves at 13:35 and it will take 17 minutes to travel before arriving at 13:52
Thank you. I'd also like to find a hotel.
I have about 9 different hotels to choose from. Is there a price range that would work better for you so we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel in the north area in the moderate price range.
The Ashley Hotel or the Lovell Lodge should suit your needs.
What is the address for The [Ashley Hotel]?
The address for the Ashley Hotel is 74 Chesterton Road.
Well that's all I needed. You have been very helpful today.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
I have 2. City centre north b and b in the north and the el shaddai in the centre. Which one would you prefer?
the [el shaddai] in the centre
Ok no problem, when would you like the room booked for?
I need it for four people and four nights starting Monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Lets try [City centre north b and b], if that is not successful, any hotel in the same price range
The A and B was indeed successful and your reference number is II677Z30 .
Thank you so much for your help. Have a nice day. Bye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


I want to find an expensive [Indian] restaurant.
There are 14 Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. What part of town would you like?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.
Curry Garden meets your criteria. The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the postal code for the [Curry Garden]?
The postcode for Curry Garden is cb21dp.
Ok, great thanks. Can you also help me find a train going to stevenage?
There are 70 trains to Cambridge. What day will you be travelling?
Sorry, I'm looking for a train TO stevenage arriving by [14:00] on Friday.
I have four trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They arrive at 06:10, 08:10, 10:10, and 12:10. Would you like to book one of these?
No booking necessary, but could you tell me the travel time?
The travel time between cambridge and stevenage is 49 minutes.
Sounds good thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling and do please call us again in the future. Have a great day.


Yes I would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town.
Would you prefer italian or vietnamese food?
Italian. Would you reserve a table for 5 for me? I'd like that to be at [14:00] on Tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful for la margherita. Would you like me to try booking for the Vietnamese restaurant called [thanh binh]?
Sure, let's do that.
I reserved a table for you at Thanh Binh. The reference number is XX1TF9GV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for all your help
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking to book a train for Sunday at [9:45], at or after. Can you help?
Yes I can,can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich.
I can get you on a 10:36 to Norwich aboard TR9533.
Could you tell me how long that trip takes?
The trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any attractions on the west?
There are 13 places to go in the west. Do you have an attraction type in mind?
Not really. I would also like to know the entrance fee.
[Churchhill College] is a very nice place to visit and the entrance fee is free. It is located in the west, on Storey's Way.
That sounds great. Are there any other attractions in the West?
Cambridge and county folk museum are available.
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help.
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all that helped alot
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on sunday.
I can help with that. What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to go to stevenage by [14:00].
You can take train TR8464 to arrive there in time. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FCZJMTAI .
I am also looking for a place to stay.
I'll be glad to help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
Somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and expensive.
i don't have anything that fits those criteria, would you like me to look for something else?
Can you try those same things but in the moderate price range?
That bring sup six results, I recommend the [home from home] guesthouse, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, could I book one for 4 nights starting from Wednesday?
Sure! For how many people?
2 people and 1 dog
Your room has been booked. Your reference number HPLM0SM6 .
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Not a problem. You have a great day, as well!


I would like to find a restuarant called [La Raza]. Will you help me?
I found a Spanish restaurant by that name at the address of 4 to 6 Rose Crescent. Shall I make you a reservation?
Yes. I need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at [17:45].
I can make the reservation for you now.
Yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for Wednesday I can also do Tuesday. I will need a reference number with that.
I was able to book Wednesday at 17:45 for you. Your reference number is 1R8RR9NS .
I am also looking for some information about [queen's college].
Okay, I can help you with that. queens' college is located on the West side and their phone number is 01223335511. There's a 2.50 pound entrance fee though
Can I get the postcode please?
Yes, the postcode for the college is cb39et.
Could I also have the address of the College?
It is located on silver street.
thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
no that is enough for today
OKay, have a great day.


I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.
There are over 20 options that fit that criteria, do you have a specific food type in mind?
Not really...but I do need to make a reservation for 3 on Tuesday. At [3:45 in the afternoon]?
There are five options that are in Centre part of town.


Hi, could you help me find a train departing from London Kings Cross?
I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'll be going to cambridge on thursday.
Trains run that route every couple of hours. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by [20:00].
The latest arrival is TR1149 at 17:17, is that ok?
Sounds great. When will that be leaving the station?
This train leaves at 17:17.
get me the price. also find me a 4 star hotel in the north
I do not have any in the north. What else can I help with?
What about a Guesthouse in the North? Can you find me one?
There is the [Acorn Guest house]. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Can you just tell me the address please?
Price for the train is 23.60 pounds. THe hotel is located at 154 chesterton road.
Can you book the room for me?
I would be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you will be checking in, how many people and for how many days?
I don't need to book a hotel just need the address and price range.
It is a moderate priced guesthouse. They can be contacted at 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I am trying to find the [cityroomz] hotel.
The cityrooms hotel is on station road and its phone number is 01223304050. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you. That is a hotel and not a guesthouse right?
Correct, it is a hotel. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. Could you tell me if there is anything to do on the westside?
There are several attractions in the west, do you have a preference of type?
Anything is fine, thanks
The [lynne strover gallery] is always nice, and it is free. How does that sound?
Sounds great, can I get the address and phone number to that museum please?
Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I assist you in any other way today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Have a good day!


I want a place with [austrian] food.
I'm sorry, I don't have a restaurant that serves austrian food. Do you have a second choice?
Ok, how about a place with [Spanish] food?
There is la raza, a cheap spanish restaurant located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. There is also la tasca, a moderately priced spanish restaurant located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thanks for your help! Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.


Hello, is [Panahar] still serving lunch specials?
The panahar is open for lunch, to find out about their specials I would suggest calling them at 01223355012. Anything else today?
Yes can you help me book a hotel?
Yes what area or price range are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I don't need a hotel. I do need to make a reservation for a table at Panahar for Wednesday afternoon. Can you help me with that?
Yes, I'd be happy to help. So for Wednesday, how many people for the reservation and what time would you like?
I will need it for four people please.
Okay and what time would you like your reservation to be?
[13:30], Wednesday, 7 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : V6IX8TF3 . Anything else I may assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 2 star hotel with free wifi and parking.
i dont happen to have anything that meets your criteria. can i try something different for you?
Really? There are no 2 star hotels with wifi/parking in all of cambridge?
I have found 3 hotels matching your criteria. Two are in the North and one is in the East. Which area do you prefer?
east is find and I would need the postcode, and price range
It is called [express by holiday inn cambridge], itis in 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park post cde is cb13lh
And what is the price range? Is it relatively cheap or pricey?
The price range is expensive.
I think I will hold off on booking for now. Thanks for everything, that's all I need for today.
Let me know if I can help more.


i'm looking for places to go in town.
Sure, I can help you with that. Were you looking for a specific part of town?
In the east, please.
Is there a certain type of place you are looking for?
I would like a cheap place to stay at with 5 stars.
I'm sorry, but there are no 5-star accommodations in all of Cambridge.
Are there any 4 star places I can stay? I also need free internet.
Which area would you like to be in?
I am not particular.
How about [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], in the Centre part of town?
Yes, I want that from Sunday on for 4 nights. 3 people will be staying.
Alright you are booked and good to go! Here is your reference number V84DYHI3 . Is their anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that will be all I need today?
You're welcome, have a great day!


I need information on the [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House], please.
Sure. The guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the south part of town. It is moderately priced and offers free wifi and free parking.
That is good. Can I please book it?
Of course! How many guests will be visiting and how many days would you like to stay? When would you like to begin your stay?
Before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?
In the north we have riverboat georgina, milton country park, jesus green outdoor pool, and kings hedges learner pool. Are you interested in learning more about any of these?
What is the entrance fee for the [Milton Country Park]?
The entrance fee for the Milton Country Park is free. Are you interested in learning about other sites in the north?
The Milton Park will do wonderfully, I will need a cab.
Thank you for the information. I will call a cab presently. Enjoy your stay at The Milton, it was a pleasure.


I'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.
Ok, to be clear, which price range do you prefer-- cheap, moderate or expensive?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant
Do you prefer a specific type of food?
I prefer [Chinese] food
great, i have three options for you to choose from!
Oh, I have no idea. Can you just reserve tell me your favorite one? I'll need a postcode for it.
Jinling noodle bar, postcode cb23pp. Is there any more info I can give you?
I would like to visit a college in the same area as the [noodle bar], can you find me one?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Most are free, but some do charge an entrance fee. Any preference?
How about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.
[corpus christi] is popular this time of year. The address is at king's parade. The post code cb21rh and the entree fee is 2 pounds.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at [05:45]?
I was able to book a taxi it will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07754509492. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.
thanks for using our services
Thanks again. That was all I needed.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Hello, can you recommend a hotel in the North of town with free parking, please?
I have 2 both moderate pricing. The ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Are either of those guesthouses in the moderate price range?
Yes, both of them are! We've got Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
Book [Ashley Hotel] for 2 people and 3 nights starting from saturday
Your booking was successful! The reference number is 4IJ1WV2N . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for handling the lodging. I am looking for something to do in the area by the hotel. Any suggestions?
How about [milton] county park? It is the north part of town.
I like the sound of that. Can you tell me the type and entrance fee please?
It is a park and the fee is free
I also need a taxi to between the 2 places. I need to leave [milton] county park by [12:15].
Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the hotel.
Are you wanting to leave from the park or the restaurant?
I'll be leaving from the park.
Okay, be on the lookout for a black bmw. Contact number is 07120499687. Anything else?
That's it for me. Thank you, bye!
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a train leaving after [19:00] departing from ely.
We have 21 trains coming form ely to cambridge this week, what day will you need that?
I need the train on Thursday.
We have 3 trains from Ely to Cambridge on Thursday leaving at 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35.
I think the 19:35 will work. Can I book that for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUHGVOLR . Will that be all for today?
We were looking to do something in the north, something with the boats. Any suggestions?
riverboat georgina is located in the north.
What's their address and postcode?
Their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax. Will that be all?
Yes. Thanks, all set.
You are welcome! Enjoy your trip!
Much appreciated. Goodbye.
Thank you so much!


looking for an expensive restaurant
There are quite a few diverse, expensive restaurants all located in the centre area. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
Are there any in the east part of town?
There are a few, if you prefer British food, there is the Grafton Hotel Restaurant, but if you want Indian food, There is one called Pipasha restaurant.
What is the phone number and post code of [Pipasha restaurant]?
Phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you, goodbye


I want to find places to go in the centre of town that are park type attractions.
I think that you will like cambridge university botanic gardens. It's 4 pounds, may I book it for you?
Yes, that sounds good! Please provide me with the postcode.
I'm sorry, we aren't able to book tickets for attractions, but their postcode is cb21jf, and I can provide their address and phone if you like?
No. That is all I need. I would like help finding a train for Saturday though. I need to leave after [15:45].
There are 172 trains that match your request so far so I need additional information. Where will you be leaving from and travelling to?
I'll be leaving from Norwich and heading to Cambridge.
I would suggest booking TR9724
As long as that leaves after 15:45, please book 8 tickets for me.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M8ER05M6 . Will there be anything else today?
That will be all, thank you!
Thank you goodbye


Can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves [crossover] food?
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Would you like to choose something different?
How about an [Indian] restaurant?
We love our indian food in cambridge, there are 14 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a location in mind to help narrow it down?
I would like an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge please, the area is not important.
I recommend The [Golden Curry] in the centre. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No at this time. I'm also looking for attractions in the centre area.
What interests you: museums, architecture, theater, cinema?
I enjoy all of those. Could you make me a recommendation?
If you would like a suggestion, there is a nightclub called the Club Salsa that is always a very popular venue in the centre of town. Would you like more info?
No, anything but a night club. What else can you recommend in the centre area?
How about [scudamores punting co], it's a gorgeous boat. Address is granta place, mill lane, postcodecb21rs, phone number 01223359750.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the boat. Can you book that for me?
What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave by [24:30].
Okay, I've booked you a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07525319116. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for your help. Have a great day!
My pleasure, enjoy your stay!


Are there any colleges in the west.
What about [christ's college]? It has free admission.
can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee please ?
It's located at saint andrew's street, 01223334900 is their phone number and the entrance is free as I said.
I am also interested in a restaurant in the same area
Do you have a cuisine or price range preference?
I want to eat some [traditional] food, I'm on a budget so it needs to be cheap!
Sorry, there is no match, do you have any other location preference?
How about trying [Italian] food?
[La Margherita] meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yeah, could I book a table for 3 on Saturday at [11:45]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9C381LJE .
Thank you for your help!
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is all for today. You have been great. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service today!


I'm looking for a museum to visit.
I have 23 to choose from. Do you have a preference on location to help narrow the search?
23? I had no idea! I was looking for postcodes, areas and addresses.
Well, [museum of archaelogy] and anthropology is located at university of cambridge, downing street, cb23dz, centre. Would you like another musuem?
No, that sounds great! I also need to travel by train from Cambridge to Peterborough.
To clarify, you need to leave cambridge by train to peterborough? I can help you with that. What day and time?
I need to leave on Friday sometime after [18:00].
I have a few options, the earliest leaves at Cambridge at 18:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 18:56. Tickets are available, would you like to book?
No, that's ok. I just wanted to know the arrival time. Thanks.
thank you and enjoy your stay!


i want to book a taxi.
Where would you like to go?
I want to get to [The Ghandi].
Where will the taxi be picking you up at and what time do you wish to arrive at the Ghandi?
It should pick me up from [Leverton House] at whatever time is necessary to get me there by [01:45].
I have booked a white Tesla to pick you up at the Leverton House, and will take you to the Ghandi before 01:45. The contact number is 07484372393. Is that all?
Great!! That is all for now, thank you so much.
Happy to be of service -- goodbye!


Hello, I am looking for a train that is leaving after [14:00] on Friday.
What is your destination? I have 210 departures listed after 14:00 on Friday.
I'll be going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.
There is a train every hour, TR8928 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 16:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks!
How many tickets would you like?
I actually don't need any tickets right now, but can you give me the total travel time?
The total travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else you need today?
I also want to find places to go to in the center area.
OK. There are many attractions in the centre of town. What type are you interested in getting information about?
Can you make a suggestion?
I would recommend the [scott polar museum], would you like more info on them?
Yes. Please can I have their address and post code. Also, is there an entrance fee?
It is the best price of all, free of charge. They are on lensfield road, postal is cb21er, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything, thank you for your help!
Glad to be able to help. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!


I need information on the [university arms hotel].
Yes, the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre area and is on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a room for you?
yes. please book for me a table for thee tommorow diner at 8 pm
You asked about a hotel. Would you like to book a room or would you like me to help find a restaurant?
I need more info. Does the hotel have free parking and what is the price range?
It is in the expensive price range, but it does have free internet and free parking.
Okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves [Cantonese] food in the city center?
There aren't any restaurants in the city centre that serves Cantonese food. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine or try a different area?
Are there any that serve [north american] food?
Yes, there is [gourmet burger kitchen]. It is an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need their phone number.
There phone number is 01223312598. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I am good for now, thanks for all of your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to cambridge?
I can help you get set up, where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from Peterborough after [12:30].
There are 23 results. Would you like to arrive by a certain time?
depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30, can you book it and I need travel time and price
There is a train that leaves at 12:48 and arrives at 13:38 and costs 16.50 pounds. Would you like me to book that?
No need for a booking. I do need a total travel time, however.
Sure the travel will take 50 minutes.
Great, I also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the west.
Hobsons House is a 3 star guesthouse and offers free internet and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Not as of now, I am just gathering information.
[Hobsons House] is the only place matching your criteria in the west. Do you want information for another part of town?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
You are all set the reference number is N1YFWYG1 can I help with anythng else?
that is it for now. thanks for helping
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I need help finding a hotel called [lovell lodge].
Sure, it is a moderate hotel located in the north part of town, 3654 Milton Road. Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please. The reservation is for 1 person. The reservation should be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.
I'm sorry, they were unable to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different day or shorter stay?
How about for only 1 night?
I have put in your booking for 1 night. The reference number is F9KP6O9O .
Great I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range please.
I have 21 possibilities. Is there a particular kind of restaurant you would like?
Yes, I'd love to eat somewhere that serves [British] food so I can get the full experience, you know?
I have 4 different choices that serve British food. All are moderately priced. If you don't mind, I would like to recommend the Oak Bistro. They are excellent.
That sounds fine. Please book that one.
How many will be dining and what day and time would you like the reservation for?
Actually, come to think of it I will book it later. Can I please get the address, postcode and phone number please?
Of course. The Oak Bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21eg. Their phone number is 01223323361. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now. thanks
Thank you. Good day.


I need info on a train that'll take me to Cambridge and leave [after 9:00.]
I'd be happy to help. I have several trains leaving from london kings cross on Friday; do you need to arrive by a certain time?
Yes, I need to arrive no later than [17:00].
TR8842 arrives in Cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price?
The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like more information or to make a booking?
No I do need a place to stay in the south.
I have four places. Did you have a price range in mind?
No but I would prefer a guesthouse with a 3 star rating.
I'd recommend the [bridge guest house]. Would you like a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
for how many people and when were you planning your stay?
I need to book the room for 2 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.
It is successfully booked your reference number is NRDSBQTY .
Thanks for you assistance, that will be all today.
Have a lovely day, thanks for using our services.
Thank you very much.
You're very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.


Can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to cambridge?
sure, where are you departing from?
Departing from Broxbourne and leaving after [17:00].
TR1828 is leaving at 17:32, would you like to do that?
Yes please. I need reservations for two people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8BR3OQ5V . What else can I assist you with today?
Thanks. I am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the north part of town.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any places that are expensive in the north. Can I look for something else for you?
Could you please double check to make sure? if that's really the case then try the center
I'm sorry, but the north does not have anything to meet your needs. There are, however, 2 options that meet your needs in the centre. One 3 and one 4 star.
Can I get more info on the 3 star one?
Sure, [Gonville Hotel] is a 3 star rating hotel located at Gonville Place. It offers free parking and free wifi. Would you like me to reserve a room?
Yes, for 4 nights from Thursday, and 2 people.
Done! Your reference number is V43NQGH7 . Can I help you with anything else?


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.
[Curry prince] is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town.
Can you give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
Wonderful. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system! Have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves [kosher] food.
There are no restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different one?
Ok, how about an [Italian] restaurant?
There are two Italian restaurants in the west area. la margherita is in the cheap price range. prezzo is in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number for [prezzo]?
The phone number for prezzo is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye
thank you, goodbye.


Can you help me look up for any architecture attraction in the West of Cambridge?
Oh no! We don't have any attractions meeting that description. Is there something else I can help with?
how about some entertainment?
I do have one entertainment venue. It is called [Whale of a Time]. From what I hear, it is very popular. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
can i get their phone number?
Their phone number is 01954781018.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves on Friday. Any time would be okay.
There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site or arrival time?
I need to get to town by [12:30]. And I'm coming from bishops stortford
Okay I have a train that arrives at 12:07. Should i book this for you?
No thanks. I just need the train ID and travel time for now.
TR6834 is a 38 minute ride.
Thanks for your help. That was all I needed to know. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. I hope you have a great trip. Goodbye!


I need a place to eat in the moderate price range.
We have quite a few restaurants. Do you have any preferences as to area or type of cuisine?
I'm interested in [international] food.
I would suggest either the varsity restaurant or bloomsbury restaurant.
I will choose the [Bloomsbury Restaurant], thanks.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. I'd like it for [11:45] on Thursday. There will be 3 people.
Okay great. I will work on that now and be back with you shortly.
Sure, take your time.
Ok, All set. Your reference number is 2OW2P7KA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to stay with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.
there are about 14 places. do you have an area in mind?
Yes, I prefer the north and I must have free wifi, please.
17 Places fill that need, do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse? Do you have a star rating in mind?
As long as it's moderately priced and meets my needs, I will take your recommendation. I don't care about star ratings or type of lodging.
the [a and b guest house] would be perfect for you. Shall I book it ?
No I just need the get star of the hotel and postcode
it has a star of 4. what else do you want to know?
Do they have internet?
Yes, A and B Guesthouse does have internet. Do you want to reserve a room?


I am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves [Turkish] food. Can you help me?
sure, i have 3 options for you
Great! Can I get the address of one of them.
May I recommend efes restaurant. They are located on King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you wtih?
I need the address, post code and price range for the [efes restaurant].
Efes restaurant in the moderate price range located at King Street City Centre. Their post code is cb11ln
Thanks I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday.
Trains leave for Stevenage at 21 past the hour, every 2 hours. What time would you like to travel?
Well, I'd like to get there by [12:00] or a little before, so is there a train at 09:21 or 10:21? I'll need 1 ticket.
the TR0552 train arrives at 10:10 at stevenage.
Ok, can I get one ticket please?
Your seat on the train is reserved, reference #7D3H801W .
Well thanks a lot. You were great help.
Is there anything more I can be of assistance with?
Nope thats everything thanks
Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge after [9:45 PM]? Thanks.
I can help with that. What is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Bishops Storford on Wednesday. I actually need to leave after 21:45 though.
I do not have any trains that match your request.
That's disappointing. Can you recommend a taxi or bus service?
I can set you up for bus TR9984, they leave at 23:29 and the price is 10.10 pounds, are you Ok with that?
Okay. Can you also tell me about a museum to go to in the centre?
Of course, there are actually eleven to choose from.
Can you make recommendation?
I like the [Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology]. It is located at the University of Cambridge.
Thank you, can I have the post code for that museum.
Yes, the postcode is cb23dz, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [Cuban] food.
I am sorry there are no Cuban restaurants in the cheap price range. Is there anywhere else you will like to search for?
Could you look for [Chinese] restaurants instead?
There are 3 in the centre and one in the south. Charlie Chan is one of the cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre.
Can I get the address and phone number of [Charlie Chan], please?
Charlie Chan's phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need. Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!


Hi. I would like help finding an [indian] restaurant to eat at.
I have 22 potential restaurants that serve Indian cuisine. To narrow it down, in what area of the city would you like to eat?
east or south
I have 5 restaurants that meet those criteria. How about Taj Tandoori in the south or Curry Prince in the east? Are you looking for a specific price range?
I am looking for something expensive. If the [Taj] is expensive I would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on Thursday at [14:00].
I have made a reservation for 8 people at Taj Tandoori, your table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 5ABCTF0J . Anything else?
Yes could you also find me information on things to do in town that involve colleges?
There are 18 colleges, do you have a preference on which area it is in? Churchill college is in the west with free entrance.
I would like the college to be somewhere near the restaurant you booked for me. Can you also give me a postcode for the college.
We have 5 colleges on the west end of town. Clare Hall seems a good fit and is at cb39al.
That sounds great, thank you for your help.
We are happy to help. Do you need further assistance?
No, that was everything, thank you.
Awesome. Have a great rest of your day!


Do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side?
There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel that are cheap on the west side. Which one do you prefer?
The guest house, please.
finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you, but could you tell me the phone number? And do they have free internet?
Yes they do have free internet, and the phone number is 01223276653.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.
Are you looking to stay in a guesthouse or hotel? What are of town do you prefer?
I was thinking a guesthouse on the east side of town
Do you have a price preference? I have both cheap and moderately priced guesthouses available.
I can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a cheap hotel will do as well.
[Allenbell] is a nice place, cheap. There wasn't anything expensive.
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BLY0KYCW . anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you for all your help.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Wait! I forgot something. Can you also tell me about a place called [Saint John's College]?
Of course. What would you like to know?
What area is it located ?
St. John's College is located in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
No. But I do need a taxi from the hotel to the college.
I can do that. Do you have a departure time or arrival time for your trip?
Yes, of course, how could I forget?! I'd like to leave the hotel by [16:45]. Are you able to book for that time?
here are the details,Booking completed! Booked car type : black volkswagen Contact number : 07300200666
Thank you, that's all I need today.
you are welcome
Okay, well, again, I really appreciate all the help you gave me.
you are welcome. call me if you need anything else.


Looking for a train that leaves after [14:00]
Sure, From where to where? And what day are you looking to travel?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford and would like to arrive in Cambridge. I would like to depart on Saturday.
What time would you need it to arrive?
Doesn't matter for arrival time. I need it for 4 people though.
I booked you 4 tickets on TR4115, departing bishops stortford at 15:29 on Saturday, arriving in cambridge at 16:07. Ref#EHA6H5L3 . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will be on the east side, can you recommend any places to go for me?
Sure, there are two entertainment places in the east. Cherry hinton hall and grounds and funky fun house. Would you like more information on those?
What type of attractions are they?
They are both entertainment. I also have 2 museums and a boat.
Could you tell me about the museums?
There is the [Cambridge Museum of Technology], which costs 5 pounds to enter, and the Cambridge Artworks, which is free.
Can I get the phone number and postcode for both?
The phone number for Cambridge Artworks is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef. The Cambridge Museum of Technology has the phone number 01223368650 and the postcode is cb58ld.
That's all the information I needed today, thanks for your help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs


Hi. I need to find a hotel, can you help me?
Yes, where would you like to stay and in what price range?
I would like to stay in the northern area. I don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet.
I have several hotels and guesthouses available. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a hotel.
There are two hotels to choose from. [Ashley Hotel] and Lovell Lodge. Both are moderately priced and have wifi and parking.
How much is each hotel?
They are each moderately priced. I don't have any more specific information.
Pick one for me. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is CPBUEMWR . It is located at 365 Milton Road in the north. Their phone number is 01223350059.
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross.
Which day would you like to leave on?
I'd like to leave on Monday after [8:30].
Sure, the first train to london kings cross leaves at 9:00. Shall I book it for you, if so for how many people?
just one person please.
Booking was successful on TR7409, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSY1O89D . Can I be of any further assistance?
That's all I need today, thanks!
No problem. Enjoy your travels!


I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after [8:00 AM]. Can you help?
Yes, I can help with that. What day will you be leaving and where are you departing from?
I will leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
The earliest train on that route leaves Friday at 08:11 is that okay?
No, sorry, I had that backwards. I need a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Monday after 08:00
The earliest train will leave at 08:11. Is that okay?
Yes can I get the train ID and arrival time please?
Sure its TR4758 and it will arrive at 08:58
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant that serves [european] food.
I have 5 expensive European restaurants. What area of town would you like to be in?
In the north.
There is one high-end European restaurant in the north -- [City Stop Restaurant]. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I can. What's the day and time you'd like to dine. Also, how many people will be dining?
2 people, on monday at [14:00]
Excellent; your booking for 2 people at 14:00 on Monday was successful. Your reference number is COB3ZU7O . May I help you with anything else?
Have a nice day.
You have a nice day as well and thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.
Sure thing. What type of food were you thinking about?
I would like to try some [German] food please.
I am not finding anything for german food. Something else perhaps?
Lets change it to [chinese] food, anything?
How about the [Jinling noodle bar]?
That sounds good. Can you book it for Sunday at [13:30] for 6 people?
Unfortunately, there are no bookings available. Can I try one of the other Chinese restaurants in the area? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant?
As long as they are moderate priced. The [shanghai] sounds good.
The booking at the shanghai was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a reference number for the booking.
The reference number is TG8VOAVX . Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all.
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy dining there.


I want to find a restaurant serving [basque] food. I don't care about the price range
I'm sorry, but the system doesn't have info for what you are looking for. Is there a different type of food you may want?
yes, [international] food
there are 3 restaurants serving international food, which area of town are you interested in?
I don't care.
[Bloomsbury restaurant] serves international food
Can I have the address please?
Bloomsbury restaurant address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye.
Have a good day.


What are some nice, expensive restaurants in the center of town?
The Bedouin, Kymmoy & Midsummer House Restaurants match your desired criteria, would you like me to book you a table?
I would like a table for 1 at [18:15] on Tuesday at the [Bedouin], please. And may I have the reference number when it's booked?
Your table is booked and is reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I9AKFZC5 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a hotel with free wi-fi.
Okay there are many to choose from. Do you have a preference for the area you stay in?
How about near the restaurant?
Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre which is close to the hotel. Would you like me to book you a reservation here?
Is that one expensive? I would like an expensive, 4-star hotel.
No that is a cheap hotel but is rated 4 stars. How about the [university arms hotel], its is 4 stars and expensive.
Sounds great! Please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on tuesday.
Okay, I've booked you for one person at [University Arms], starting on Tuesday, for 4 days. Your reference number is HSVG3GT9 .
Yes I also need to book a taxi to take us between the hotel and the restaurant. I will need the car type and a contact number for the booking.
I can do that, when would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to get the taxi to get me there by [18:15] please
I was able to book a black ford phone number is 07618987553
Thank you for your help.
I'm happy to have assisted you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. Thank you, you have been very helpful.
I am happy to help
Thank you good bye.
Goodbye and take care! We hope to see you again.


I'm feeling adventurous and would love to get recommendations about places to visit in the South
There's a lot to do in the south. There's a cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park, and theatre. What sounds good to you?
Maybe we can do a picnic in the park. Can you tell me about what's available?
How about wandlebury country park that is located in the south park of town? It is also free.
That sounds great, thank you. I'm also looking on information on trains arriving from cambridge by [15:15].
Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to london kings cross on friday.
Your best bet would be the TR3685 which leaves Cambridge on Friday at 13:00 and gets to London Kings Cross at 13:51.
Perfect. Thank you for your help today.
My pleasure. Can I help you with something else?
No thank you.
you're welcome. i hope you'll have a wonderful and adventurous picnic. Goodbye


I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip. I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
What kind of cuisine are you interested and do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a cheap [chinese] place.
What area of town would you like to be on?
The west please.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap chinese food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Is there one with [Venetian] food?
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap Venetian food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Any expensive [Indian] food in the west?
I have 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west. i would suggest the [rice boat]. they are at 37 newnham road. i can make a reservation if you like.
Yes please. For monday at [12:00] for 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.
your all set. Reference is T0MSA1QK . They will only hold the table for 15 minutes, so you might want to keep that in mind, anything else?
thanks for everything, this is great
You're welcome, have a great day.


Hi! I'm looking for a cheap place with free wifi. What are my options?
There are 10 cheap places that include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
No particular area, but I'd like it to be a guesthouse.
I have 9 potential guesthouses for you to chose from. How about the [Allenbell] on the east side?
I need to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday. Can you give me a reference number?
I have booked Allenbell for yourself and two additional guests for five days. The reference number is N625QW6Q . Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a train for Monday.
Where will you be departing from and where will you be arriving?
I need to go to London Kings Cross from Cambridge.
I have 10 trains leaving on that day. Do you have a time of arrival or departure please?
I would like to leave after [19:00], other than that, I have no other preference. Please provide me with the train ID of one of these trains.
TR2634 leaves at 21:00 and arrives by 21:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Thank you for your help!
How many people will be in your party on the train?
Sorry, I'm actually not interested in a booking today, I just needed a train ID. I think that will be all!
Glad to help! Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse.
There are several guesthouse moderately priced. What part of town would you like it?
I am not particular as long as it has free parking and free wifi.
I have the [Arbury Lodge] guest house on the east side. Shall I reserve it for you?
That would be great. There will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on Saturday for 2 nights.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Should I try another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.
Okay I was able to book you at The [Archway House] and your reference number is JM5G0862 .
Thanks so much. I won't be needing anything else right now. Bye.
Okay. I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a place to eat. Do you know any places in the centre of town with a moderate price?
I can help you with that. What type of cuisine would you be interested in?
I would like the restaurant to serve [international] food.
There are 2 restaurants serving international food. One is the varsity restaurant, the other is bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
I would like to book a table for 2 at [11:45] on Thursday at [Bloomsbury].
Sure, I have made the reservation, and your reference number is W6A0B2QE .
Thank you. Can you also find me an entertainment attraction near Bloomsbury?
I'm sorry, there aren't any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you be interested in a different kind of attraction, or perhaps somewhere in another part of town?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre of town?
Yes, there are 5 results for nightclubs in the centre area. The cheapest entrance fee is 4 pounds and that's at soul tree nightclub. Do you need more information?
Yes could I have their address please?
The [Soul Tree] is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you. Can I also book a taxi from the restaurant to the club?
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive [before our reservation time].
I have booked a taxi for you. It is a red ford and the contact number is 07592537181. Is there anything else you need today?
That was everything, thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.


Are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?
There are many restaurants that meet your criteria, is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
I would like a place that serves [Korean] food.
[Little Seoul] is the only Korean restaurant in the center of town, and it is expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
That sounds just delightful! I would like a reservation for two at [20:00] for Friday. And I will need that reference number, please.
Okay you're all ready to go! Your reference number is Y8V4909W . Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to book a train to Cambridge that day.
Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by [11:15].
Ok. You are all ready to go. Your reference number is 52BZEK4D . The total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you have a great day.


Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called [Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar].
Sure, it's in the centre of town. Do you want to book a table there?
Please book a table for 4 people.
Sure, I can do that. What day and time would you like me to book?
Sunday at [19:00] please.
Okay the booking was successful. Reference number is VKKM9KO1 .
Thanks, I am also looking for a place to stay.
Great, I can help with that. Do you have an area and price range you want?
in the type of Guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights Sunday please
There are 9 options here. What area would you prefer?
Is there a guesthouse in the center? It would be more convenient near the restaurant.
I don't have any guesthouses in that area meeting your requirements. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. Just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications I mentioned earlier.
The [Acorn Guest House] meets your criteria. Should I book it for you?
Yes. I need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights
I have booked rooms for 4 for 2 nights starting Sunday and the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is 7R08F7KY . Is there anything else today?
I will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. Could you book me one.
I have booked a white lexus that will get you to the restaurant by 19:00. Phone number is 07132308667.
Thank you for putting up with me!
It's been my pleasure. Can help with something else?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again for all your help! You've been wonderful!
I'm glad I could be of help. Please contact us again, anytime. Good bye.


Would you happen to have info on the Addenbrookes Hospital?
I do! It's located at Hills Rd in Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you very much. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi.
i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. what part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east, please.
I can book you in the autumn house. would you like me to do that


I need a train going to cambridge.
Where will you be arriving from and on what day?
I'd like to travel on Wednesday and I'll be coming from London Kings Cross.
I have many trains to choose from. Do you have a travel time preference?
i want to arrive by [20:15]
The TR9332 arrives by 20:08. Would you like it booked?
Yes please, for 2 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 9BB5OGBN . Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go. Maybe a nightclub?
We have 6 nightclubs in town. Most of them are in the center, and Kambar, at 1 Wheeler St., is my favorite.
get phone number, area, and postcode of [Kambar].
Kambar nightclub is in the centre area. The phone# is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb.
Oh yeah, I'm so there. Thanks a lot, that's all I needed help with today! Bye
It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.


I need a train leaving on Saturday after [5:30 pm]
What is your departure site and destination?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.
Just to clarify, you want to leave after 05:30 (am), or 17:30 (5:30 pm)?
After 17:30 please
There is a train that leaves at 17:54.
The train should go to Cambridge and should depart from Stevens. Once you find the train you want to make a booking for 8 people.
There are 4 trains that meet your specifications. They run every two hours. The first one leaves at 17:54 and the last at 23:54. What would you prefer?
I think I would be interested in the 17:54 and I need to book it for 8 people.
Okay TR2442 is booked for 8 people at 17:54 on saturday. It will cost 81.92 GBP in total, and your reference number is CCTYHUU8 .
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves [north american] food, in the expensive range.
[gourmet burger kitchen] is perfect for you. It is in the center and is in expensive price range. Could you like a reservation?
Yes. That would be great. Make it for Saturday for 8 people at [20:30].
Table for 8 at Gourmet Burger Kitchen, arriving at 20:30. They can hold your table for up to 15 minutes, only. Your Reference number is : ACOVVEZM .
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a good visit.


I am looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge. Can you help me?
Of course! What day would you like to leave and what time would you like to arrive?
I am looking to arrive by [17:15] on tuesday.
I have found you a train that leaves at 15:54 and arrives by 16:43. Would you like this one?
Yes could you please book that for me for 8 people and provide a reference number for the booking.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AIM1QZ4C .
Thank you! I also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. I would prefer a nice expensive one.
We have many fine restaurants in the west, but I recommend Sala Thong, which serves Thai food. Would you like to book a table?
Is there any place to eat that serves [Indian]?
Which area are you referring to?
I would like it to be in the West of town.
Would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at [20:15]
Which restaurant should I book? There are 5, in the west, that serve Indian food.
Can you suggest one that has an expensive price range, please?
Yes, I recommend [Tandoori Palace]. It meets your specifications. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Tuesday at 20:15. I'd also like the reference number, please?
I have the reservation booked at the restaurant. The reference number is 2YCEETCJ .
Thank you so much. I think that will be it for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.


Have you ever heard of [alexander bed and breakfast]?
Yes I have stayed there many times. It is pretty cheap but offers free internet and free parking. Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 75UHIUU5 .
I am also looking for a train leaving after [08:15] and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you are heading to?
I will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.
I have the TR7667 that leaves at 08:24 available. Would you like me to book seats on that?
Yes, please book it for 6 people.
OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 60.59 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is AK36XDFI .
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful. That is all I need for now. Bye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking for a particular attraction. It's called [King's College], can you help me find some information about that place?
Sure. King's College is a free attraction on King's Parade in the center of town. Did you need more information?
Is this some place you would recommend?
If you are looking for a college to visit this one is free. It's located on King's Parade postcode cb21st. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I actually need a place to stay. I'd prefer somewhere in the moderate price range and with free parking.
We have 14 hotels that match that search. What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the east section of town.
There is Carolina bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House. Do you have a preference?
If you could tell me hotel types of both and phone number please.
Both are guesthouses. The number for the Carolina is 01223247015. The number of the Warkworth is 01223362682.
Thank you! Can you help me book a taxi from the college to my hotel?
First I'll need to know which hotel you'll be staying at -- do you have a preference between the Carolina or the Warkworth?
I'll be staying at The [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]
What time would you like the taxi to pick you up at the college?
I'd like to leave by [6AM].
Awesome. We've got a grey Toyota at 07931363714 coming for you. Is that all?
Okay thank you. That is all I need for now.
That is all I need for now.


I need a place to go, something interesting to see. I was thinking maybe a college.
There are 18 colleges in the area. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
recommend one and give me its address
I'd suggest corpus christi college on king's parade, cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I think the name is [Zizzi Cambridge].
Certainly. Zizzi Cambridge is an Italian restaurant located in the Centre at 47-53 Regent Street, post code cb21ab. Their phone number is 01223365599. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please. I would like the reservation to be at [17:00] for one person on Sunday.
Your table is booked. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 9ZWHYZKH . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks. I am all done here.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day!


Can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town?
how about grafton hotel restaurant, it serves british.
No I am not interested in British right now, do you have any other listings?
There are four more results. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care.
[Pipasha restaurant] is in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. They serve Indian food.
Great! Can you please let me know their contact number?
You can reach Pipasha restaurant at 01223 577786.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


Could you recommend a local hotel with free parking?
Sure, there are 8 hotels that offer free parking. Would you like to stay in a specific part of town, or want a certain prince range?
Yes, I would like those in the south of town in the expensive price range.
I would like to recommend the [Lensfield Hotel]. It is located in the south in the expensive range with free parking.
Great. Please book it for 5 nights starting Thursday.
For how many people would you like me to book that hotel?
Could you book it for 7 people, please. And what is the reference number?
I am sorry they have no rooms available. Perhaps another hotel, I am sorry about this.
Yes please and I need a reference number after booked please.
I also have Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south. It's moderately priced. Would that work for you?
I really want one in the same price range, please.
I got you a room at the [University Arms Hotel]. Your reference number is: 8OFBIII9 . Anything else you need today?
No, thank you for helping me. Good bye.
Okay. Glad I could be of help and enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a train that leaves after [18:45] and goes to Leicester.
We have some options available after that time, what day will you need the train?
I need it to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
Train TR9831 leaves at 19:21. would that be okay?
That would be fine. Can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?
I was able to book it, reference number is OYBQSBZJ .
Thank you. I also need a place to dine in the Centre area that serves [Asian Oriental] food.
There are 4, all in centre city. Is there a particular price range you'd like?
No, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the Centre area?
Sure! Dojo noodle bar, cb21rq. Yippee noodle bar is cb11lh. J restaurant is cb21dp and kymmoy is cb12as. Anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Glad I could be of help. Have a nice night. Goodbye.


i'm looking for places to go in town
Okay! What kind of place would you like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum in the south. I need the postcode and entrance fee.
[byard art] is located in the south. The postcode is cb21sj and doesn't charge an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay at with free wifi and parking.
Well I have a lot of places matching that description so can we narrow those choices by selecting an area for the hotel to be located in?
Lets try the south side.
Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
Either will be fine
I have 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a ratings preference?
I'm sorry I do want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. I will just need the price range and post code please.
the [lensfield] is nice its expensive and the postcode is cb21en, anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Sure, which place do you want to be picked up at and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up at Byart Art museum by [21:00]. Could you please book a taxi for me.
What is your destination?
I want to go to the hotel.
Okay, you're all set! You will be picked up in a yellow BMW. The contact number is 07193150653. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
excellent, have a great day!


I am looking for a certain cool place to go in town. Could you help me narrow it down?
Sure, are you looking for an attraction in a particular area?
Yes. I'd like the attraction to be located in the Centre.
There are 79 attractions in the center. Are you looking for something in particular?
Ah, so sorry, I am looking for a theatre. And if you could tell me about any entrance fees?
There are four theatre's in the centre of town. I am sorry but there is no information available on their entrance fees. Would you like more information on one of them.
Are you absolutely sure? Usually there's some kind of indication about cost of entry.
Okay can I recommend [adc theatre] then?
Okay. I also need a place to stay that is cheap and includes free parking.
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] and el shaddai are in the centre area. Would you like a room booked in either one of those?
Yes please. Can you book that for 3 nights starting Friday for 7 people?
Yes! I have a booking with a reference number for you and it is 2CBG2VCY .
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.


Hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?
Sure, what area of town are you interested in?
The area isn't important but we also need free parking.
I have 21 guesthouse. Is there a certain area or pricerange you would prefer?
That one sounds good. Can I book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting Saturday?
I was able to book [acorn guest house], reference number is SM1GU7E5
Thanks. Sound like a great place. Can you help me with a train to peterborough.
What day are you wanting to go? Is there a certain arrival or departure time you're looking for?
I want to leave Cambridge on Monday after [13:15].
The first train leaving after 13:15 is the TR3066, departing Cambridge at 13:34, arriving Peterborough at 14:24. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train, or keep looking?
yes. please reserve seats for 8 people
I was able to book 8 train tickets for you at the price of 132 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 66HG2U6U .
Thanks so much. Thats all I need.
Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.


I want a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
I see several options for trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. What day and time would you like to depart?
Wednesday, with an arrival time by [13:30] in Bishops Stortford.
The closest arrival time I can get for you is 12:07 on train TR8224. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, 7 tickets, please. And I'll need the reference number.
Great, I've book your tickets, your reference number is HE1L803E . Anything else I can do for you?
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town. Can you recommend something for me?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Nothing specific, just give me the first one that pops up. I'll need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.
Christ's College is located in the centre of town. Entrance is free, phone number is 1223334900, and post code is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You. That's it.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge
I am definitely assist with planning that trip. Do you want to start with booking a train, or search a restaurant?
Let's book a train, I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. Lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by [19:00].
It seems there are thirteen trains to Broxbourne arriving by 19:00. What time would you like to leave?
We're not picky, please book any train arriving in Broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people.
Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee of 71.59 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is B5E7R2LE .
Thanks! Now I need to find a [Lebanese] restaurant in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?
I'm afraid there isn't an expensive Lebanese restaurant in the city.
Is there any in the East?
Unfortunately, the only Lebanese restaurant in town is moderately-priced. Would you like to book that restaurant or should I search for a different restaurant?
What about one that serves [indian] dood?
There are 4 indian restaurants in the east. Did you have a preference on price?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.
I have 2 that are expensive. May I suggest [Sitar Tandoori]? Would you like to book that?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at [10:15] on Wednesday, if that day is not available then try Friday and provide the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UYGNM1SV .
Thanks for all your help. I think I'm good now.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Hi , can you recommend an inexpensive [seafood] restaurant?
Unfortunately, I was unable to find any restaurants that matched your request. Would you like me to look for a different food type?
How about [Chinese] restaurants?
Rice house is really good, you should try that one. It is located in Centre and is inexpensive in price as well.
Could I get the address and phone number for that restaurant?
Yes of course. The Rice House's address is 88 Mill Road City Centre and their telephone number is 01223367755.
Great, thanks. Can you also recommend a hotel in the north? I don't need anything specific.
I have 13 hotels in the north. Do you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter.
all guesthouses in the moderate price range, when would you like the room for
I'm actually not ready to book just yet, but could I find one that has free wifi?
Yes, I would suggest [acorn guest house]
Can I book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BBXVMIT8 . Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure ... let me check with my wife.
Well if there is anything else you need, we're here 24/7. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
I have 13 hotels in the north ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Would you like to narrow it down by choosing a star rating?
Yes thank you, I would like a star rating of 0 please.
The [City Centre North B and B] has internet and parking. Can I book a room for you?
Yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Oh, bummer. How about a different hotel in the same price range?
I can check. Would you like everything else to be the same?
Yes, everything else is the same.
I'm sorry but no other hotels have these exact criteria. Could we vary the price or star rating?
Yes, keep the same price range, but you can vary the star rating.
There is the [worth house] it is cheap and has a 4 star rating. May I book that for you?
Yes, for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RSNEQ2JV .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your stay.


I need to take a train from cambridge on thursday.
Okay and where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after [12:00].
The TR0927 leaves at 13:29. Would that work for you?
That will work fine.
Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though. What 3 star hotels do you have available?
I have 6 three star hotels available, what price range are you looking for?
Price range doesn't matter, I'd like free wifi though.
Do you want the hotel to be in a certain part of town?
Not really, can you recommend your favorite?
The gonville hotel gets rave reviews. It is in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book it?
I'm sorry can you tell me the price and arrival time on the train?
Train TR0927 will being leaving 13:29 and arrive at 14:07. Any thing else I can help you with?
How much is the train?
10.10 pounds is the price for train TR0927
I will also need a guesthouse.
I have three guesthouses with a 3 star rating. All have parking and wifi. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any will do. I need it for 6 people.
How long is your stay, for how many people please?
I just told you I need it for 6 people. And it'll be for 3 nights.
[Bridge guest house] is the best choice for you. Do you want me to book it?
Yes for monday. I will be staying one night.
I am sorry, I am confused. Do you need the reservation for 6 people for 3 nights or for 1 person for 1 night?
I need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting monday.
I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is 3HUEDEZP .
Please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on Monday. Sorry for the conflicting info.
I have made that reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you for helping me with the train and guesthouse. It saved me time. Goodbye.
I am happy to help you. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I'm looking for someplace fun to visit in town.
Well, there's lots of fun things to do including boats, museums, sports complexes, architecture, cinema and theaters. Do you have something specific in mind?
Hmm, I'm not sure. Can you pick one for me? I need it to be in the city centre. I need a phone number, postcode, and attraction type.
[the cambridge corn exchange] is a theatre. Postcode is cb23qe and phone number is 01223357851.
Can you find a restaurant by the name of [sitar tandoori]?
Sure! it's an indian restaurant located in the east. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please 6 people, at [14:45] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TP86DT67 .
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Okay! When would you like to depart?
I would just to arrive by the time for the reservation. Can I have the contact number and car type please?
I booked you a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07208024782. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks, goodbye.
You're welcome have a great day


Hi. I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
I need something that's in the east part of town.
[Curry prince] is moderately priced and located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton 01223 566388.
What is the phone number?
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. That is all I needed. Bye bye!
You're welcome. Have a good evening.


Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.
There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.
I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking
Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Would you like to look into a hotel?
uhm, no. that's your job, weirdo. also, i need a train.
Where will you be travelling to?
I am going to Cambridge and arrive by [18:45]. I need the train ID, travel time and departure time.
TR4748 deperts at 13:17 and arrives 14:08
thanks! what is the travel time?
The travel time for TR4748 is 51 minutes.
Ok, I do need a hotel after all. I need 3 stars and it should be moderately priced.
There are some lovely 3-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Which area would you like results for?
I don't have a preference. Why don't you pick one for me.
bridge guest house is a 3 star guesthouse in the south part of town with free parking and wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes I would like to book that one.
Yes, please book that one.
I'm sorry, I don't need to book it at this time but could you please provide me the phone number to Bridge guesthouse? Thanks
01223247942. What other info may I provide about the Guest house?
Thank you. That is all that I need for today.
Have a great day.
Thanks you too! Bye!
You are very welcome. Good bye.


I am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating.
I've found 6 choices that match your inquiry. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I would like a lower price range with free parking.
We have 3 guesthouses with free parking in moderate price range.
I want to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse.
There are no hotels matching your requirements, would you like to try something different?
Can you find me a hotel in the south with a 3 star rating free parking?
The lensfield hotel matches that all your requirements, would you like to book there?
Yes please let's try that.
Can you please let me know the details of your reservation such as number of people, length of stay, and arrival date.
Please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to help you find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range that you can book?
There are none in the same area,can I check in another area?
Yes, please check in another area.
The [Gonville hotel] in the centre area meets all your requirements. Would you like to book there?
Yes could you check there please.
I have made a booking and it went through. Your Reference number is : AEBKVJV3 .
Yes, and please give me the reference number.
Your reference number is AEBKVJV3 . Is there anything else you needed today?
No, that will be it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Howdy! I'd like to go to a museum.
We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Could you help me narrow down your search with an area or price range?
Could you recommend one to me? I am not looking for one in particular. May i also have it's postcode?
Sure, Cambridge Artworks Museum is on Greens Road, post code cb13ef. Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
Can you recommend an expensive guesthouse?
Unfortunately, I don't have any guesthouses that are in the expensive range. Is there any other price range you would consider?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse in the north.
There are no zero star places in that area, can I checked another area for you or another star rating place?
How about one in the cheap price range?
There is the [City Centre North B and B]. Would you like me to book this for you?
If you could, that would be awesome.
I believe that's your job, right? Could you book it for me?
Is that in the cheap price range?
Yes. I can go ahead and book that for you if you can give me the the days you'd like to stay.
Can I book for 8 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday?
Unfortunately I was not able to book that time slot for you. is there another day you would like to try?
Looks like there's some confusion. I need the hotel on Tuesday, for 3 nights, and 8 people. If that doesn't work, try 2 nights instead.
Okay, I was able to book you for 2 nights with 8 people at City Centre North B and B. Your reference number is NXW9XX08 . Is there anything else?
Thank you. No, that will be all.
Great! Thanks for using our service.
Sure. Have a nice day.
You as well! Goodbye!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I am happy to help, can you please give me some information on what you would like me to search for?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any options for an expensive place to stay with a 0 rating and free parking. Should I look for something else?
How about one with a 4-star rating?
There are 2 hotels that meet your needs, one in the west and one in the city centre. Do you have a preference on where you'd like to stay?
The one in the west will be fine. I'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet.
Sure their address kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon and the postcode is pe296fl and they do have free wifi.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please find me a train that goes to Ely, leaving on Friday?
We have 10 trains that leave every two hours starting at 5:50, any time preferences?
I need to leave after [10:30].
TR0767 leaves at11:50 on Friday morning, arriving 12:07. Price is 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes please. Book it fror friday, 2 peopl. I'll need a reference number as well please.
I will complete that booking for you now.
Okay. Great. Can I have the reference number please?
Your reference number is IWVOH34O .
Ok. Thanks. Nothing further.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.


Yes, I've just been involved in a disagreement regarding a car accident and I require assistance please.
Would you like me to contact the Parkside Police for you?
No, I just need he phone number.
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.
The [Lensfield hotel] should fit your needs perfectly, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating?
Indeed it does. Does it sound like somewhere you'd like to stay?
I do not need any free parking. Is there any expensive hotel in the south with 3 stars and no parking?
No, there is not. The only expensive 3-star hotel in the south is The [Lensfield Hotel] and it has parking.
Okay, I need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting tuesday.
I booked it for you. Your reference number is ALYDOZKZ .
Thank you! I also need to book a train to Cambridge.
There are many options. Could you please tell me where you are travelling from, on what day, and possibly at what time?
I need a train going to cambridge that arrives at [11:30]. I will depart from kings lynn.
There are multiple trains that match the criteria you listed. Can you please provide the day you will be traveling on?
I will need that for Tuesday as well.
Train TR1704 leaves kings lynn at 10:11 and arrives at cambridge by 10:58, making the travel time 47 minutes. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Are you interested in booking?
Yes, please book this train for 7 people. I also will need the reference number.
The booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JEQ34OF0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was it. Thanks so much for your help.
I'm glad I could help you with your accommodations and travel needs. Good bye.


Hi! I would like to find a hotel to stay in. I don't care about the parking.
I'll be glad to help. What area of town are you looking for?
The area is not too important, honestly. But I would like it to be a hotel and have a 4-star rating.
Does price matter, because I can find you a cheap one or an expensive one?
Cheap one, please.
The [cambridge belfry] meets your criteria! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please! Book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Booked! Your reference number is 2CAJEN22 .
Great! Thanks!
You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you that was all, Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


i want to find a hospital in town
Alright, Addenbrookes hospital is located on Hills Road, Cambridge. Do you want the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number.
The phone number to the hospital is 01223245151. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed, thanks so much!
welcome. at your service next time
Awesome! Have a good day!
You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye now!


Can you help me find a cheap hotel?
We have many, do you want a specific side of town?
I would like it to be in the north with a 4 star rating and free parking please.
The Worth House meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
Yes, please and can you send me a reference number. Thank you.
Your room is now booked at The Worth House and I will send you the reference number. Thank you. Good bye.


Is there any expensive [seafood] restaurant in town?
Yes, there is an upscale seafood restaurant called [Loch Fyne] which is centrally located. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
can i get a booking for 8 people at [19:45] on Friday? send me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : J5Q03QCS . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.
We have just the place. The alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star place that is located in the north. Will that be okay?
No I need a hotel in the West. Can you search again please?
Unfortunately there are no 3-star hotels in the west area.
Are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?
We have just the place. The [huntington marriott hotel] is a 4 star place with wifi that is located in the west. Will that be okay?
Sure as long as they have free parking as well. Can you give me the address and phone number please?
There is free parking. The phone number is 01480446000, and the address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook. Will that be all for today?
I also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by [19:45]
Sure thing! I've booked a yellow Tesla for you. If you need it, the contact number is 07855855225. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. Can I get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?
The car is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07855855225.
Thank you very much for all of your help today.
You are welcome very much. Thank you for using our service.


I am looking for places to go in town like a college in the centre.
There are several colleges in the centre area, they range in entrance fees from free to 2 pounds, is there a particular price range you're looking for?
Not really. Surprise me! I'll need the phone number, address, and postcode of your favorite, please.
Well, the [downing college] is located on regent street cb21dq. Their phone number is 01223334860
Great. Are there any restaurants that serve [African] food? Something high-end, of course.
You are in luck! I have just the place. [Bedouin] is in the centre of town. Shall I book you a table?
That does sound like just the place.
Do you want me to go ahead an make reservations for you?
Yes please, I'd like a table for 2 at [18:45] on Thursday.
I booked in the Bedouin African restaurant, the Reference number is GDYBQQS2 .
Thanks. I also need a taxi.
Would you like to leave from [bedouin]?
I would like to lease form the college and arrive at the restaurant at the booked time please
I have arranged for a White Volvo to drive you. The contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
No, you have tremendously helpful. Thank you!
No problem at all, enjoy your meal.


I am looking for an [Indian] restaurant that is in a cheap price range
There are 4 such restaurants, 3 in the centre and 1 in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at [13:45] on Friday. Please forward me the reference number once it is booked.
Booking was successful at [Kohinoor]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : MP6JC0PA .
Excellent. I'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. Is that possible?
I have 10 trains departing after the time of your reservation leaving on the :40 of the hour starting at 14:40 to 23:40. Would you like me to book one?
Are those going to cambridge? Because I really really need to arrive by [10:45].
There are 5 departing on that day by the restaurant with you arriving by 10:45. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
yes please book two tickets and I need my reference number as well.
Great, I was able to get you two tickets, your reference number is: F4SQSPAE and are payable at the station. Anything else today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful! And have a wonderful day!
Happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!


Hi, I'm looking for information on cinemas in Cambridge. Could you tell what my options are in the northern part?
Sorry! I don't see any results for your query of cinemas in the northern area. Do you want me to expand the search to neighboring areas?
Is there a park in the north area?
Yes, there is the milton county park in the north end.
Excellent, may I have the address for that park?
The address is: milton country park, milton. The postcode is: cb46az. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes please, can I also look for a cheap guesthouse?
Certainly. I have several options for you. Do you need wifi or parking? Is there a part of town you prefer to stay in?
It should include free wifi and should be in the east.
There seems to be an opening at [Allenbell]. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : LUDY2BH2 .
Thank you very much!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. I appreciate all of your help.
Thank you I'm glad I could help.


I would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the centre.
There are many moderately-priced restaurants in the center. Galleria is one of my favorites; they serve European cuisine.
Great, could you send me the postcode to [Galleria]?
Their postcode is CB21UW. Can I help you with anything else?
Also I want to go see some architecture in town.
May i suggest visiting [Little Saint Mary's Church] located at little saint mary's lane. It's free!
Sounds lovely, what area is that located in?
It's located in the centre by Galleria. Is there anything else you need help finding today?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy yourself in our city!


I need a restaurant in Cambridge that serves [Spanish] food and is cheap.
[La Raza] is a cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food. Would you like to a book there?
Yes, please book that. That is all I need.
For what day and time, and for how many people?
For 6 people at [14:15] on Saturday. Can I get the reference number as well?
Your reference number is: X5LRUGFW . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all.
Thank you have a great day.
Can you also find me a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi?
There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel that matches your needs. Do you have an area in mind?
I would like the hotel please.
Sure, the hotel is the cambridge belfry, how many guests, days and starting when can I book this for you.
I need the address and postcode of the hotel.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is located at back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
You certainly can. I will need a taxi to take me to my reservation at the restaurant, from the hotel.
I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue volvo and the contact number is 0758643360.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day!


I'm looking for a place to eat [christmas] food
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that serves christmas food. Would you like me to try another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves [Indian] food.
Do you have a price range or area preference?
any range is fine.
Do you have an area preference?
I'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. The area doesn't matter. I just need one that is available for 3 people at [13:00] on sunday.
I was able to get you a table at [Rajmahal] in the east part of town at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, reference number FRFMWN4U . Anything else I can help with?
Are there any good attractions in the centre of town?
There is [Holy Trinity Church] on market street
Okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Yes. Their postcode is cb23nz and you can call them at 01223355397. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day! Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the south.
We have nine. Do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range?
I am looking for one that serves [Portuguese] food and is cheap.
I found one. It is called Nandos. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes please. We would like a table for 2 at [18:00] on Saturday.
I am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place?
No thank you,I will call again.
Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a train, it should leave on tuesday and should depart from cambridge
Sure. Do you have any preference for departure or arrival time?
I want to depart from cambridge on tuesday at [14:00] and go to bishops stortford
TR8017 leaves at 15:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 8 tickets.
I was able to book those tickets for you. Your reference number is 0MHT5ESU . Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Can you give me a few places to go in town for architecture?
For architecture you have all saints church, old school, holy trinity church, and little saints mary's church. Would you like any information on any of those?
Yeah, [holy trinity church] sounds good. Can I get the postcode for that?
Yes, it's postcode cb23nz. Would you also like their address or phone number?
Nah, that's all I needed.
Great, text us back anytime, and have a good day!


Yes, hello. I'm trying to find a particular museum, can you help me with that?
Yeah, I've got access to a complete and comprehensive list of all the museums in Cambridge. Which one are you looking for?
I am looking for the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]. If you find it I'll need the area, phone and postcode please.
Sure, it is in the town centre with a postcode of cb23dz. You can call them at 01223333516. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you find me somewhere to stay in the East part of town?
There are seven places to stay, could you tell me a price range or other criteria for your stay?
I am looking for a place with free parking and wifi
Alright, you have six options: three cheap, two moderate, and one expensive. Would you like more information?
I think the expensive one will do nicely. May I have the postcode, hotel type, and phone number please?
It is a hotel. The post code is cb13lh and the phone number is 01223866800.
That's all I need. I'll call an Uber.
Sounds good. Let me know if there's anything else you need.


Yes, I need some help looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible.
I have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on type of cuisine?
Yes, [Indian] please.
There are five Indian restaurants in the west in the expensive range. May I recommend [Tandoori Palace]?
Can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at [19:45] on Sunday?
I was unable to book for that time, would you like to try something else?
Yes, look it up and book me for Monday,please ?
The booking was unsuccessful. Is there another time you would prefer?
Please book any Indian restaurant in the same area and price range as Tandoori Palace. This is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday.
Booked at [cocum]. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 4FEC5K00 . Anything else?
That is it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Let us know if you need anything else, good day.


I need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.
There are 14 places that match your preferences. Mind being more specific? Can I get an area you'd like to stay, or a star rating you'd prefer?
Anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking.
I'm sorry I can't find any hotel's that are moderately priced with 4 stars and parking. Did you have anything else in mind?
You are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 4 star rating?
Acorn guest house is avaialble but all we have matching that are guesthouses, no hotels.
The [Acorn] will do. Can you please book me a room for Monday for 3 people, 5 nights please?
Unfortunately, they do not have that available. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 1 night?
I was able to book your room for one night successfully. Your reference number is OESTHWO3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I also am looking for a place to go that is a museum.
I'd like to suggest the [broughton house gallery]. Do you need any information on it?
Yeah, could I get its postcode, phone number, and address, please?
Broughton house gallery is at 98 king street, postcode cb11ln. Tel. no. is 01223314960.
Can you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
Sure, what time will you be needing the taxi?
I want to leave the gallery by [2:45].
Booking completed It will be a yellow Toyota and the contact number is 07664525287


I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [lebanese] food
There is the [Ali Baba] at the city center, would you like to have the address?
What is the address and phone number?
Address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and phone number is 01462 432565
thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you. Good bye!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge.
When will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving Friday after [20:45].
I have several options for you depending on your departure site. Where will you be leaving from?
I need to depart from Cabridge and go to Bishops Stortford.
There are few options to choose from. How many people are traveling?
I will have 2 people traveling.
Okay, would you like me to book TR4664?
Yes, please. I need the reference number.
The reference number is 0JI02QOT . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you have a nice day.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge
Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation?
Im looking for food its name is called [golden wok], can you get me address, postcode, and phone number
Sure! Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43hl. You can reach them at 01223350688. Anything else I can help with?
I also looking for a train. The train should depart from kings lynn and should leave on thursday
OK, and where will you be traveling to?
to cambridge and should arrive by [09:00]
great, the TR8705 can get you there by 8:58. would you like tickets?
Not yet. What time does TR8705 leave Kings Lynn? And what do the tickets cost?
It leave kings lynn at 08:11 and the tickets are 9.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you tickets?
No I don't need you to book it.
Ok is there anything else I can help you with ?
No, that's all at this time. Thank you.
I hope you have a pleasant trip!


Hello, I'm traveling to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Saturday and need to find a train.
Great! One of these trains should work, thank you and goodbye
Um, one of what trains should work? Hello?
I'm very sorry for the confusion, there are 19 trains travelling to cambridge on saturday, do you need to depart or arrive at any particular time?
I would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in Cambridge by [12:00]. Could you also let me know the cost?
All trips arriving by 12:00 cost 8.08 pounds. Is there a specific time you would like to depart?
No, instead I'd like to find a [gastropub] restaurant in the centre. Can you help me with that?
Yes definitely. I have 3 to choose from. Some are expensive and one is in the moderate price range. Do you have preference/
No. Just choose one and give me the phone number and address please.
No problem. The Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. They're phone number is 01223306306. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to know what the price range is for this restaurant.
This restaurant is expensive. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Not a problem! Have a great day now!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
You've come to the right place. What can I help you with today?
I want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, I would like it to be moderately priced, please.
There are quite a few hotels that meet your needs. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer?
No preference. Can you book me a room for 5 nights starting Monday for 1 person and I also need the reference number.
Your reservation at [warkworth house] for 6 days for a party of 1 was successful. Your Reference number is : J0OZV066 .
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge
We have daily service for the route, any preference on day and time?
I need it to arrive by [15:45] in Cambridge on Monday please.
Okay I have a train arriving at 15:35. would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I need 1 ticket.
My apologies the arrival time is 10 minutes earlier. I assume that's okay?
Yes that is fine
Okay! For how many people?
It is just for one person and I need the reference number as well.
The booking was successful. The total fee is 17.6 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is SFRAK36V .
Great, thanks so much for your help with this.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train that will take me to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.
there are so many. what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after [17:00] on Thursday.
TR1765 leaves at 17:01. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes can you please and send me a reference number.
Sure, how many seats do you need?
I need seats for five people.
Yes yur booking is successful and your reference number is RI4VVZYC .
Thanks, I also need a place to dine that is moderately priced.
There are 31 moderately priced restaurants in town. Do you have a preferred location?
I would prefer it in the centre area.
Do you have a preference in food type?
Yes [modern european] food.
We have two choices, de luca cucina abd bar and roverside [brasserie], any preferences?
No preference. Just book a table for 5 on Thursday at [20:15]
I will go ahead and book that now.
Thanks! I need the reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 6KNJSQXY .
Perfect, that's all I need today. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Have a nice day.
Enjoy your dinner.


Are there any cheap restaurants that serve [corsica] food around Cambridge?
No I am sorry there aren't any. Another food type perhaps?
Are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve Corsica food no matter the price range?
No, I'm sorry. There are none. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
How about a good [chinese] place?
[charlie chan] is a very good place to dine
That sounds good to me! Can you please book a table for one at [11:15] on Sunday?
Your table is booked, reference #PJOHE4EN . Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed! Thank you for your help.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge


I am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a hotel, I can pay for parking.
[Ashley hotel] is available.
Oh, I have heard of that. Is in in the North part of town? I am looking for a place in the moderate price range also.
Yes is it moderate and in the North side of town. Would you like to book there?
Sure, that seems fine.
Ok. What day would you like to book for?
Before you book, I just want to make sure--does it have a 4 star rating?
No, it is a two star hotel. Could you recheck and restate your perimeters to me?
How many stars, area, and price.
It's in the north, moderately priced and has a 2 star rating.
No, I'm sorry, I should have specified. I need a 4 star place to stay.
I'm sorry. I don't have anything that matches your preferences.
Are you sure? I need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, and I don't need free parking.
Again nothing, I could search again but doubt that a new hotel was constructed there during the last couple minutes. Are you open to a guesthouse or different area?
I'm definitely open to a guesthouse.
do you need free internet?
Doesn't matter if it does to me.
We do have some. The [acorn guest house] is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
Well I would just need the postcode. Sorry for all the confusion !
The acorn guest house postcode is cb41da.
Thanks. Are there any cinemas around the guest house?
No there is not. Would you like me to check in a different area?
What about something to do with boats?
There is riverboat georgina would you like the address and phone number? The entrance fee isn't listed.
Great, I will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by [20:15]. I will need the car type and contact number.
Okay I have booked you a taxi and your contact number is 07925606670 and they will be driving a black Toyota.
Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.


[Finches Bed and Breakfast] was recommended to me highly. Could you help me find it?
Yes I have found it, it is in the west of town,and cheap.
Great! Can you book a room there for 5 nights? There will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on Friday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is PZ9SHTWA .
I would also like to eat some [Austrian] food.
I am sorry, there are no Austrian restaurants. Can I try a different cuisine?
Okay, then how about an expensive [mediterranean] food restaurant in the centre?
You have a choice of two restaurants: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant.
Give me the phone number and address for [la mimosa] please
The phone number is 01223362525 and the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
I am also going to need a taxi.
Where are you departing from and arriving at?
I will be departing from [Finches Bed and Breakfast] to [la mimosa] restaurant.
What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by [03:15], can never be too early.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue audi Contact number : 07871628908
Great. That was all I needed for now. Thanks for everything.
You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.


I need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi that is close to local restaurants.
I have found 29 results for hotels, would you like to narrow them down to a particular location or star rating?
Something in the east would be good!
There are only 6 hotels located in the east that match your request. 5 of which are guesthouses, is that okay?
Any one of them is fine. Please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting from tuesday.
I've successfully booked you 2 nights for 5 guests at the [Allenbell], starting Tuesday. Reference number is : 8APE3CJZ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need to find a restaurant in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel.
I've found 3 restaurants in that area in the moderate price range. Two are Indian food and one is Italian food. Would one of these work for you?
I would like the address and phone number for both restaurants.
The Indian restaurants are: The Curry Prince, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton cb58jj, phone number 01223566388; and Rajmahal, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg; phone number 01223244955.
Wonderful, thank you for your time!
It's my pleasure! Have a great day!


i need a taxi arrive [5:45] destination [restaurant two two]
Where will you leave from?
I need to leave from [lynne strover gallery].
Booking completed! Booked car type : white toyota Contact number : 07171354164


I want a museum, please? Please include address, postcode, and area.
I suggest Byard art. The address, postcode, and area are 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and it is located in the south.
Great. Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed. Goodbye.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy the museum. Goodbye!


I need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in cambridge.
I can assist, where will you be coming from and do you have a time preference?
I am departing from London Kings Cross and need to arrive by [16:30].
The earliest that I can get would be an arrival time at 14:08. How many tickets please?
How much are the tickets?
Each ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Please book it for 1 person please.
The reference number is F2ODHQYM .
Great! Can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the north side of town?
I have listings for 2 both in the north of town.
Can you give me a phone number and post code for whichever one you like the best?
I recommend the Golden Wok located at 181 Histon Road Chesterton, post code cb43hl, and their phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you , that will do it . I appreciate the help.
You're so welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!


I'm look for a train leaving cambridge.
I can help you with that. Where is your destination? What day do you want to travel?
I want to travel to kings lynn on saturday.
Do you have a timetable that you need to stick to?
I need to arrive by [12:30].
TR1817 leaves Cambridge at 11:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 11:58. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds good, what's the trip duration on that one and how much per ticket?
The total travel time on that route is 47 minutes. The cost per ticket is 7.84 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thank you, could you find me a 4 star guesthouse that provides free parking?
There are 16 guest houses rated 4 stars with parking. Are you thinking of a price range or part of town?
In the moderate price range, near the centre of town please.
I'm sorry, there are no guesthouses that fit those criteria. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any available in another area of town that meet those requirements?
Yes I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I do need their phone number.
Absolutely, their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help with anything else?
thank you, you've been quite helpful
I'm glad to e of help. Have a lovely day.


I need to take a train out of Cambridge, I will be leaving town on Wednesday.
There are 5 trains out of Cambridge on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I'd like to go to peterborough and leave after [12:45], I have to attend a meeting beforehand.
TR1879 leaves at 13:06 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
What is the price of the fair and could you tell me what is the arrival time into Peterborough?
The price is 16.50 pounds and the train will arrive in Peterborough by 13:56 Wednesday. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, one ticket please, can I also get the reference number?
I booked you one seat on TR1879 departing Cambridge for Peterborough on Wednesday at 13:06, Reference: xu1qlhvw . Can I help further today?
I am also looking for a museum in centre. Could you give me the address, postcode and phone number of one?
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need right now. Thanks, you have been very helpful!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


Can you help me find a [indian] restaurant in the west?
Sure, they are all expensive though. I love [Tandoori Palace] located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That sounds perfect! Thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
Can you book a reservation for 8 at [14:45] on Friday?
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5XFZM2KU . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Can you provide me with the telephone number and book two taxi cabs to the restaurant
Tandoori Palace's phone number is 01223506055. Please give me the taxi departure day and time and I'll be more than happy to book one for you
Nevermind - I don't need the taxis after all. Can you help me find a place called [tenpin], instead?
Tenpin is an entertainment venue in the south. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 08715501010.
Can you tell me what their entrance fee is?
They do not have an entrance fee listed, but you can always call and find out.
Okay, thank you for your help!
is there anything else i can help you with?
No that will be all! Thank you very much!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!


I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge.
I have 18 results that match your request. To help narrow it down, what part of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price range preference?
The hotel also needs to be cheap and have free wifi.
There are 7 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have an area preference?
Do any of these 7 have free wifi?
They all have free wifi.
Any of them will do. I'll book a room in whichever one you think is best.
The [alexander bed and breakfast] is in the center of town, would you like help with the booking?
That would be great. Two nights please.
What day would you be arriving on and for how many people?
Let's try 5 nights, starting Friday, with 2 people.
I have confirmed your reservation at alexander bed and breakfast starting Friday for 5 nights. Your reference number is K67RS8EB . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for something to do during my stay. I'd like it to be around the centre area.
I have many choices: theater, colleges, museums, architecture. Do any of these venues interest you?
Are there any colleges in the centre of town that have free admission?
Yes certainly. We have several. Christ College is a good choice.
That would be fine. Can you confirm the entrance fee?
Christ's College offers free admission.
Fantastic. I have all of the information I needed, thank you. Have a great day.
Glad to have been able to assist you. Thank you and have a great day.


Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.
Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after [08:00].
I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.
I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : E770Z8W7 .
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side
Yes, [Hobson's House] matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 4
It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.
How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.
I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west?
There are no hotels that meet that criteria? Would you like a different area or a different price range?
How about a cheap hotel?
I have the [cambridge belfry], which is 4 stars, cheap, and in the west with free internet and parking.
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday
You are booked, as one person, into the cambridge belfry. Your reference number is C74YTD9R . Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all. thanks!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, good bye.
Okay have a great day! Bye for now!


Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights. I'd like wifi and free parking too.
The place that fits all your needs in the centre of town is [Alexander Bed and Breakfast].
Is that place cheap?
It is cheap! Would you like to book a room there?
Can I get the address and star rating?
The Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road in the centre.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an architecture type place in the west. Can you help me?
I can not find any attractions that meet that criteria. Is there another attraction type you want me to search for or perhaps another area
How about entertainment instead?
[Whale of a time] looks available if you'd like that
Yes that sounds good can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and address.
The phone number is 01954781018, the address is 'unit 8, viking way, bar hill', but I'm sorry, the admission price is unavailable right now.
Thanks, I would like a taxi from the two places too.
I have booked you a taxi from Alexander B&B to Whale of a Time. It leaves by [10:00] and arrives to Whale of a Time by [10:30]. Is that good?
Yeah, can I get the contact number and car type, please?
The taxi will be a blue volkswagen and their number is 07623192315. What else van I help you with?
That should be all I need. Thank you for your help!
Thanks for using our service.


I need a train from norwich leaving after [09:15]. Thank you.
Great, I have a train leaving there at 9:16. Would you like to book that?
Does it leave at that time on Sunday?
Sorry but can i get your destination please?
Going to Cambridge.
The 09:16 train from Norwich to Cambridge does leave on Sunday. You would arrive by 10:35. Would you like this train booked or would you like another time?
please get me the reference number.I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should serve [Turkish] food
Yes your reference number is 859RV3PT .
cool thanks for your help
For your restaurant recommendation we have [meze bar] restaurant on 196 Mill Road City Centre. Would that work?
Perfect. I'd like a table for 7 at [18:00] sunday.
I can book that for you now.
If there isn't a table for Sunday Wednesday will work as well.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FJ0AHWE8 . Is there anything else?
what day was it booked for? sunday or wednesday?
It is reserved for Sunday. Is that acceptable? I can change if necessary.
It is exactly the day I wanted. Thank you very much for your time. Have a nice day!
You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all! Thank you!
Have a nice day.


I'm looking for a place to stay when I visit Cambridge. I want to stay at a 4 star guesthouse.
We have 18 available guesthouses. Which area would you prefer?
I'd like some place on the north end, please.
There are 8 4-star guesthouses in north. Do you have a price preference?
I do not. I would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on Thursday.
Great! You're booked at [Worth House] with reference number 3HCUPL7S . Would you like more information?
Thank you! Can you also help me with a train please? I need a train departing cambridge on thursday.
There are 5 trains going to London Kings Cross on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive [17:45].
TR5266 arrives by 15:51 if you'd like that one
What would be the price on that one?
The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket.
I actually need to arrive in leicester on Monday by 17:45 out of Cambridge. Sorry for the confusion.
I have train TR4564 departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would that be a good option for you, or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, could you please tell me the price for this train?
It is 37.80 pounds.
Wonderful. That's all I needed. Thank you!
Sure, would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book that today. Thanks for your help.
Anything else I can do for you?
Not today. Thanks. Bye.
Thank you very much.


Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?
Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.
We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.
All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.
I recommend the [Warkworth House] at Warkworth Terrace. Would you like me to book this for you?
Does it also have free wifi? I need wifi too.
Yes it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for myself and 4 nights starting tuesday
You are all set, the reference number is ZI27S8E2, any further questions?
I need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. I want to arrive at least by [21:15], can I get the reference # too please?
What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on tuesday.
Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please. Can I get the reference number?
There are 8 trains that would get you there by 21:15. What time would you like to depart Cambridge?
I do not have a specific time to leave, thank you for asking.
Okay! How many people would you like me to book a train for?
arrive by 21:15 for the same group of people. and I need a reference number
I have booked you on the train leaving Cambridge at 19:50. Your will arrive at 20:07 and your reference number is 7776W8DF .
Thank you so much for your help.
Can I look up anything else for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need a hotel that includes free parking please.
There are 29 hotels with free parking. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in so we can narrow the search down some?
I am not particular about the area. Is there a hotel available that has a 2 star rating?
There are 2 on the north side and 1 on the east side with 2 star ratings, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes,book me the one on the East side.
How many days would you like to book the room for? Starting when? Also, for how many people?
I'd like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting Sunday, please.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Yes, lets try a different one.
OK, you're booked at the [Ashley Hotel]. Your reference number is: 5UH12MNC . Is there anything else you need today?
can you please confirm the price for the package
This would be 500.22. Is there anything else I can help you with ?


Hi, I'm trying to find a place to go in the centre. A college would be fun to visit!
Great! I would be happy to help you find one. Are you looking for one with free admission?
maybe, give me the address of one please
There are several college's in the centre. How about Saint Catharine's College? It is on King's Parade and has free admission.
Thank you. I also need a train to London Kings cross, arriving by [9]
Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge, and would like to leave on Tuesday.
I have train TR3343 arriving at london kings cross tuesday at 7:00. Shall I book that for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets please. Please send me the reference number.
Your tickets have been reserved, and just to clarify, that train departs at 07:00, and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 07:51. Wouldn't want you to miss the train! Ref#: AQDCG6N8
OK thank you that is all I needed today.
Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.


I need a restaurant in Cambridge that is expensive and also in the centre of town.
Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre meets your criteria. Would you like a booking made for you?
Does [Bedouin] serve [German] food?
No, it serves African style food. Would you like to find a restaurant that serves German?
Yes, if there is one available.
I don't have any expensive german restaurants in the centre.
Are there any [Japanese] restaurants in the same area and price range?
[Wagamama] is a Japanese restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range.
Great! I'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at [17:15] on Tuesday. And I'd like a reference number, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZMGYWSSO . Is there anything else that I could help you with?
I'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by [19:15] and departs from Norwich (going to Cambridge, of course).
There are 13 trains the latest is an arrival at 18:35 would that work for you?
I'm sorry I mean to say [9:15]. I need to arrive by 9:15.
TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to reserve your tickets, and if so, how many will be traveling?
Yes, please reserve six tickets for us.
I have booked your tickets. The reservation number is 8IIV469O . The fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all, thank you.
It's my pleasure! Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye!


I am looking a hotel to stay in. Could you find me one on the more expensive side? But it doesn't need free parking.
Sorry, nothing falls under those categories. Shall I check one WITH free parking?
Yes, give that a try please. I also need free wifi.
May I recommend the express by [holiday inn] cambridge? I'd like to know how many people are staying as well.
That sounds good. I need to check the number of people before I book.
I have 5 different lovely hotels. How many are we booking for please?
I'm not sure yet, but I'll probably only need one room. I forgot to mention, the hotel needs to be located in the centre of town.
There are two expensive hotels centrally located with free WIFI and parking. The [University Arms Hotel] has a 4 star rating, would you like more information about it?
Yes. I am interested to know the postcode, and if it is a hotel or guesthouse.
It is a hotel, and it has the postcode of cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a [chinese] restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel. What's around?
We have many Chinese restaurants in the center of town, ranging from cheap to expensive. Does price range matter?
No, it does not. Please give me the address, phone number, and postcode of any 1 restaurant that matches my criteria.
Let's go with jinling noodle bar. The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, the phone number is 01223566188 and the postcode is cb23pp.
That's great. Thank you so much for all of your help today.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I think that will be all
Have a wonderful trip.


I'd like a taxi to pick me up from [ali baba]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
It's important that I arrive by [07:00]
That can be arranged. What is your destination?
I am going to [wandlebury country park].
Your booking is complete, a blue tesla will be picking you up.
Could you give me the contact number, please?
Sure! it is 07511692788.
I can't thank you enough.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!


I an injured and need medical attention. Can you please tell me where the nearest hospital is?
Certainly. Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need any additional information?
No, that will be all.
Good Luck with everything!


I am looking for a place to dine near the centre.
There are 69 places to dine near the centre. Is there a food type you would prefer, or a specific price range?
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [fusion] food.
I do not have anything fitting that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about [european] food?
The [Eraina] serves European food in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223368786. They are in location of centre.
Great. Can I get the address and phone number as well?
Sure thing! Their address is free school lane city centre and phone is 01223368786. Anything else?
I'm also looking for a train to cambridge on friday
There are several trains. Do you have a time preference?
I'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after [12:30]
Train number TR4070 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Fare will be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us traveling together.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CLUDXC1K .
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
Glad to be of help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all today! Thanks so much!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need information on the [home from home] hotel.
It is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Anything else today?
Thanks so much for your help. That's all.
You are so welcome! Have a lovely day!


I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. I would like some type of architecture attraction.
There are five to choose from. Would you like a free attraction or one with an admission charge?
Will you recommend one? I don't care about the entrance fee.
I would recommend [All Saints Church]. They're at Jesus Lane. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please provide their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn. I'll be traveling on Wednesday after [18:30].
I have a train leaving at 19:11 and arriving at 19:58 wil that work for you?
Yes! I need 5 tickets. Can you please provide my reference number?
Your Reference number is 24ZYMC9U . Can I help you with anything else?
You have been very helpful, that is everything. Thank you.
Excellent. I hope you have a great rest of your day!


Can you help me find a nightclub to go to located in the centre? Thanks.
There are many to chose from. Do you want a recommendation?
Yes please make a suggestion.
Of course I would recommend [kambar] located at 1 wheeler street. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their postcode as well.
Their postcode is cb23qb. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge.
Sure, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by [12:00] and should depart from peterborough. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on monday.
There is a 12:19 that will arrive by 13:09. How does that sound?
Yes that is fine please make a booking for 7 people.
Reference number is : XV2WDRAA . Is there anything else you need?
Can I get the reference number for this?
The reference number is XV2WDRAA . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all for today, thank you.
I'm happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I got injured and are looking for a hospital nearby it should have the [teenage cancer trust unit] department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge and has a teenage cancer trust unit. Do you need their phone?
Yes, please. Also their address and postcode.
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge and Postcode CB20QQ. The phone for that unit is 01223274222. Anything else?
I think that will do it. Thanks for the information.
You are welcome, best of luck with everything.


I need help finding a train. It needs to be going to Cambridge and should arrive by [20:30].
There is one leaving from Londons king vross the refernce number is VURC2CKA
I need to leave on Tuesday. Does that one leave on Tuesday?
There is a train that leaves from birmingham new street on tuesday that arrives at cambridge at 20:23. Shall I book this for you?
No, I need to leave from Leicester.
Very well. What time would you like to leave?
I don't care, just make sure i can be there by 20:30.
TR0363 departs leicester at 09:09 and arrives in cambridge at 10:54 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need three seats on the train please.
Great I got you three seats on that train for a total cost of 113.40 pounds. Your reference number is BG6NO020 .
Okay That is all I need.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I need to get a taxi from [emmanuel college]
Where will you be going?
I'm heading to [finches bed and breakfast].
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I don't have a preference but would like to arrive by [22:30].
You're all set. Expect a black audi, contact number 07715481740. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.
Have a wonderful time, and good luck!


I need a four star hotel.
I have many 4 star hotels. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and have free parking
Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels that fit that criteria. Would you consider a guesthouse in that range?
Unfortunately I need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. Do you have one that is not in the moderate price range?
There is one in the price range of cheap would you like me to book that one.
Yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from tuesday.
Unfortunately that day is unavailable for that many days. Do you have an alternative?
Would you try for 2 nights instead? And, what is the name of the hotel?
The name is [The Cambridge Belfry], but unfortunately they were not able to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try it for a shorter number of days?
Yes.Let`s please try for shorter number of days. Thanks.
I was able to successfully book the Cambridge Belfry for two nights starting on Tuesday for four people. Your reference is BK6DS11E .
Sorry, I did not want to book a room until I was sure of the price could you give that to me first?
I am sorry about that. The hotel is in the cheap price range.
That's fine, thank you. I also need help with a train leaving Cambridge and going to London kings cross.
Do you have a preferred departure/arrival time? The travel time is 51 minutes and there are multiple trains.
I just want to leave after [16:45] going from cambridge to london kings cross on thursday.
TR6628 leaves at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51, do you want me to book you?
Not at this time. I just need the price.
The price is 23.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help, thanks for your time.
Thank you for using our system today!


Need a place to eat in the south of town that has [moroccan] food.
Unfortunately, there are no Moroccan restaurants in the south part of Cambridge. Could I help you find one with a different type or location?
How about one with [indian] food?
I have place. Oh, and it's a great place too. It's called [Taj Tandoori]. It's on the expensive side. They are in the south part of town. How does that sound?
Can I book a table for three people at [19:30] on Tuesday?
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other choices in mind?
Another indian restaurant will due, and I'll need my reference number too please.
I'm sorry, I checked every Indian restaurant in the city and could not find a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:30. Do you have another time perhaps?
Can you try [18:30]?
I was able to book Taj Tandoori for 18:30 on Tuesday. The reference number is 8L32ED7Q .
I also need a place to stay. I would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 4 star rating.
I have the [Aylesbray lodge guest house] and [Rosa's] bed and breakfast available.
Are either of them moderately priced?
Rosa's is actually cheap and Aylesbury is moderately priced.
Does the Aylesbury have free wifi?
Yes it does, would you like any more info on the room?
Please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.
Unfortunately their booked for that time, would you like to change the day for booking?
How about 2 nights?
I was able to book that, reference number is X2FC2VN3 .
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I need one more information. Do you have a time preference of when to leave or arrive?
I will need to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation on tuesday.
Ah, that makes sense. I've booked it, a white ford should be there to pick you up. The contact number is 07803520714. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
It has been a pleasure. Take care. Good day.


What kind of places are there to go to in the west?
There are museums, colleges, and entertainment. What interests you?
Oh! I bet my boyfriend would love an entertainment place. Can you tell me a little about those?
Whale of a time is a great place in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el and phone number 01954781018.
We are also needing a place to stay. It's preferable that it's also in the west and has a 4 star rating.
Okay I have 3 different options. Are looking for something expensive or cheap?
Nothing too expensive but at least a 4 star. I'd like it to be in a guest house too.
[Finches bed and breakfast] is a cheap, 4 star guest house in the west area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Sure, we will have 5 people staying 2 nights starting Thursday, please.
Your room has been reserved. The reference number is : UP0KSPLW .


Can you assist me to find places in the centre part of town to go to?
Absolutely. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am studying to be an architect so something having to do with that would be great.
great saint mary's church is in the centre area. would you like some information about that choice?
I actually would like something in the south.
Okay there isn't any in the south.
How about a cinema in the south?
I'd recommend [cineworld cinema]. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I get the address and postcode please.
They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postcode cb17dy, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, thanks. I also need a train; can you help me with that?
Where is your destination that your traveling to?
I will be traveling to cambridge from birmingham new street.
which day do you want to travel?
I would like to travel on Monday, please.
Okay, there are a lot of trains going to Cambridge on Monday. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
it should arrive 09:45. get me the price
The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
That is all. thank you very much.
You're welcome, have a great day.


I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to broxbourne
What day are you traveling?
I'm traveling on tuesday and I want to arrive by [16:15]
TR6357 leaves at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, but I do need the price.
Alright. The price for TR 6357 is 17.90 pounds. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks!
I hope you have a wonderful day - goodbye!


Where can I get [Swiss] food in town?
There are no venues serving Swiss food.
How about [Indian] food? Can I have the address and phone number?
cocum serves indian food. its address is 71 castle street city centre and the phone number is 01223 366668, is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday.
Can I get a destination for this trip please?
Yes, I'll be going to Cambridge, and I need to arrive by [13:15].
There are 4 different trains departing at 5:17, 7:17, 9:17, and 11:17. Each of those trains will arrive before 13:15. Would you like to book a train?
Any of those would be fine, I will be booking for 6.
I booked you on TR5686 arriving at 10:08. Your reference number is HVY7MBWS, the total is 141.6GBP payable at the station.
Great, thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town?
Kymmoy looks good, would you like to book there?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves [Chinese] food.
Would you like to try Jinlin [Noodle Bar]?
That sounds great, could you give me the postcode?
the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I just double check something? Is the Jinlin Noodle Bar moderately priced?
Yes they are, if you would like to book there, When would you like the booking anf for how many people?
Please book there for 6 people on friday at [16:00]. Thank you for your assistance.
Ok, I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much. You have been most helpful. There is nothing else at this time. Good bye.
Thank you. Have a great evening.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant.
What kind of food are you interested in?
[French] food.
There are expensive French restaurants in the centre and north areas of town. Do you have a preference for location?
I don't care.
How about Cote, which is in the expensive price range and serves French food?
I really have no desire for Cote. Are there other restaurants available?
You could also try [Restaurant Two Two].
Ok I will try this one. I would like the address and phone number please.
restaurant two two address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the phone is 01223351880 is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
thank you. good bye


I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves [english] food and is moderately priced.
Oh no! There no english restaurants that I can find right now. Would something else work?
I'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the centre.
Like I aid there are no listings for english food,another type of food?
Are there any restaurants that serve [british] food?
There are four restaurants that serve British food near the centre that are moderately priced. Do you want more information on these restaurants?
Yea can you recommend one and get my the phone number please?
it is called restaurant one seven and there phone number is 01223337766
i'm also looking for a train.
Where would you be departing from and when would you like to leave?
Im leaving Cambridge at [11:00]
What is your destination?
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from norwich
I have booked you on TR8662 which leaves Norwich at 11:16 on Friday and takes 79 min to get to Cambridge for 17.60 pounds. Reference R42CEKG8
Actually, I am traveling on Tuesday. I need to leave after Norwich after 15:45. I need a booking for 7 people.
So you want to cancel the other booking?
No i will keep it
Okay thank you for calling.
Actually, sorry. Do cancel the other booking because I didn't ask for it. Make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after [15:45] from norwich to cambridge on tuesday
Your tickets have been booked. Your new reference number is 8XIKH0Z9 .
Perfect. Sorry about all the confusion and thanks for your help. Have a great day.
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I need some information on the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]. Can you help me with that?
I can definitely help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the east. It is moderately priced and has a 4-star rating. They also offer free parking and free internet.
Sounds nice. Can you book a room for 2 nights for me? There will be 2 of us, coming in on Friday.
I can not get the room booked on Friday, can you come in on another day, or stay for a shorter period??
Could you try for 1 night please? I'd also like the reference number if possible.
The booking was successful and your reference number is W2250JCI . Would you like any more help with anything?
I am also looking to get a train on the same day as the hotel booking please.
Can you tell me where you are coming from or going to and the time please?
I will be leaving cambridge on the same day as the hotel booking.
Okay, and where will you be travelling to?
I am coming in to Cambridge from Ely I need it to arrive by [15:15]
Train TR5484 will suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
What is the travel time and the train ID?
I have checked the schedule again and the travel time is 17 minutes and the train ID is TR0236. Do you want me to book this train?
I will book it myself, but thank you.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No that is all the information i needed thank you. Goodbye
Have a wonderful visit!


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west in the cheap price range. it has 4 stars and free internet and parking. will that work for you?
no, I need a guesthouse.
How about [finches bed and breakfast]?
id apreciate if thats offered
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star guesthouse in the west in the cheap price range with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I'll contact them myself thank. Can you tell me their address, including postcode?
Their address is 144 thornton road and the postcode is cb30nd
I am grateful for all your assistance. Wonderful service. Goodbye.
Thank you, is that all?


I need to find a [Chinese] food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?
I'm here to help! There are 2 expensive restaurants and 1 moderate price. Do you have a preference?
Nah, just book me a table at your favorite! I need it at [12:45] on Thursday. Table for 6, please.
You are all booked at [Hakka], located on Milton Road in Chesterton. Great place. Your reference number is 76N3GIHO and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.
[Ashley hotel] offers parking and wifi and is within moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Is it a guesthouse or a hotel?
Were you looking for a hotel with a guesthouse?
I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.
I have 2 hotels that are available. Would you like to book one?
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, I need the confirmation # too please
You're booked at Ashley Hotel! Your reference number is SPSKXM90 .
Thank you! I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant.
Sure! Do you have a time preference?
I want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,[12:45].
Ok! I booked that for you! Your car will be a red volvo. The contact number is 07919056928. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be all. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further service.


Hi, I am looking for a concerthall in the east.
we don't have a concert hall in the east, can I check another area?
Let's check for a museum, then
There are four museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street, and Saint barnabas press gallery are all free. Cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
Please book the [Museum of technology] for two people, any time after noon. I'll need a reference number too please.
I'm unable to book that reservation for you. Is there any other information that I can provide to you?
How about helping me find a place to eat, then?
Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like crossover food in the expensive range, and located in the same area as the museum.
YOu would need to select food then I can look that up.
I would like it to be [crossover] food.
I'm sorry, I'm not showing any crossover restaurants in the city. Is there another type of food I can check on?
Sure, let's try [Chinese] then please. And I'd also like the restaurant to be expensive.
There are 9 choices. What area would you like.
I don't care. Can you choose one to recommend for me?
I like the [Ugly Duckling]. It's located in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it available on Friday?
Of course it is, how many people on friday and what time?
I would like a table for 5 at [11:00].
Your reference code is KU6JQCL9 . You will have 15 minutes to arrive to your table.
Thank you. I didn't get an address and postcode for Cambridge museum of technology. Can you provide it, please?
The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Their phone is 01223368650. Is there anything else I can help with today?
NO, that was everything I needed thank you.
Have a great trip and wonderful day. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called [finches]? It's a bed and breakfast.
There were no matches found.
I need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called finches please. It's a bed and breakfast.
Unfortunately, I am not finding a match for a business by that name. Would you like me to try and find another place?
No let me call back,maybe I have the wrong name.
What else can I do for you?
I stayed at [Finches] last year. Can you please look for it again?
I was able to find the hotel but the booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other hotel you'd like to try?
Do you have another hotel in that same price range?
The [cambridge belfry] is in the same area and the same price range. It's rated 4 stars. Should I try to book it?
Yes please and give me the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is UQMLOG0I . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
And thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?
Absolutely! Which hotel is it?
the [cambridge belfry]. what is its price range?
It is in the cheap price range.
Thanks! I also need to find an expensive [French] restaurant to eat at.
Do you have an area preference?
Area, no, just that it's expensive and french.
[Restaurant Two Two] would suit your needs. Its in the North area.Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
No, but can you please give me their address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to call them myself to ask about food allergies.
You can reach them at 01223351880. Their located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places
Sure, what time would you like the car for?
I'd like to leave the restaurant at [21:00].
There are many taxi services in town,which would you prefer ?


Good evening, where would I find a hospital in town please?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd., in Cambridge.
Can I please have a phone number, post code and address please?
The phone number is 01223245151, address is Hills Road, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a train on Sunday that leaves after [17:15].
What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and heading to stansted airport.
Ok there are 7 choices. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive at your destination?
not really, it just needs to leave after 17:15.
There are plenty of choices starting at 17:40 and leaving every hour onwards. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, book it for 7 people at 17:40
Booking was made, ref number is 6QWLFWW5! Do you need anything more?
thats all, see ya!
have a safe trip, bye.


I'm looking for fun things to do in the center of town.
There are 44 different attractions in the centre area, were you looking for an entertainment venue?
You choose for me. I just need the address and postcode.
There is the [Holy Trinity Church]. Their phone number is 01223355397. The post code is cb23nz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think a Church is a place to have fun in town. Could you find me a restaurant instead?
Sure. There are a total of 110 restaurants in town. Do you have any preferences that would narrow down the list?
Yes I am looking for one called [peking restaurant]. I'd like a reservation for 8 on Friday.
I found the listing for Peking restaurant in the south not the centre. If this is acceptable what time can I put the 8 of you down for?
put me down for [12:30]
STAUDCT0 is your confirmation number
I'll also need a cab from the church to the restaurant, please.
What time would you like to leave the church?
I want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at [12:30]. How long will the cab ride be?
I have booked a yellow toyota for you. Their number is 07739750198. I do not know how long the cab ride is, I apologize.
Thank you, it's fine.
Do you need anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service! Goodbye!


Hi there, would you tell me the address of a hospital located here in town?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Do you have the hospital's postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you for your help
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thanks
Thanks you for contacting the Cambridge center.


I need some place fun to go on the west side. Any suggestions?
There are a number of attractions on the west side. Are you interested in colleges, entertainment or museums?
I don't really have a preference, so which one do you think is best?
I think you would enjoy [whale of a time] located in the west of town.
What kind of place is it?
Whale of a Time is an entertainment venue. Would you like more imformation?
Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?
Their phone number is 01954781018 and I do not have information on the entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Yes. I also need info on a place to stay in the same area
There are 4 places to stay in the west. All have internet and parking. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse, please.
Finches bed and breakfast is avaialble would you like to book that?
I need a 3 star please.
There is the [hobsons house]. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LBHPKTZH .
I also need a taxi.
Will you be commuting between Whale of a Time and Hobsons House?
I need to go from the [hobson house] to [whale of a time]. I need to leave the hotel at [23:30].
Booking is completed. A white volvo will pick you up, their contact number is 0737942623. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is everything! Thanks!
Thank you for calling!


I'm looking for a train. I want it to go to Stevenage and leave from Cambridge.
There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to travel?
It should leave [after 18:30] on Saturday.
I have a train leaving at 19:21, is that okay?
How long is the trip and when will I arrive? Also need to know the price.
The trip lasts 49 minutes and is 12.8 GBP.
Okay, thank you for that information. I also need to find a cheap restaurant.
We have many available. Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
Anything cheap in the centre of town please.
There are several places what type of food would you like?


Hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in Cambridge that is centrally located?
Yes there are 33 in the area you are looking for. They are all pretty expensive and are closely located.
Are any of those Ethiopian restaurants?
There is an upscale African restaurant called [Bedouin]. Would you like me to book it?
yes, could you make reservations for three please?
I would be glad to. I need to know the day and time you would like the reservation for, please.
Actually, book the table for 6 people on Tuesday at [13:30]. I will need the reference number for this, please.
Your party of 6 has been booked successfully for 13:30 on Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 7E4VIQAY
I also need a hotel in the same area and price range as the restaurant.
There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville hotel is a 3 star, and the University Arms is a 4 star. Which would you like?
Does the Gonville hotel have free parking?
Yes both options have free paring and internet. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes I would like to book the [Gonville hotel] for 3 nights for 6 people starting from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.
I've booked your stay at the Gonville, your reference number is 44ARPHOW . Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you, have a great day.
Thank you for using our system.


I was wondering if you can tell me more about the attraction called [sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway]?
That's a nice free park in the south, the address is fen causeway, newnham road. Is there anything else you need help with?
What's their phone number?
Their phone number is: 01223302580. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that will leave sometime after [17:45].
And where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Norwich on Wednesday evening.
The TR3342 leaves at 18:16. Would you like a booking?
How much are the tickets for one person?
17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
The booking was successful. Your total fee is 17.6 GBP and you can pay it at the station. Your reference number is VPMQDFKF .
Thanks for everything, you were helpful.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was all thank you.
Okay great, have a good day!


I am looking for some entertainment.
There are lots of fun places in town. What would you like to do today?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?
how about the funky fun house?
No thank you what about a museum?
I have 23 great museums. Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
No area does not matter can you recommend one please?
One of my personal favorites would be the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum]. It is definitely worth the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds.
Okay, I'll check it out. Please get me the postcode and address
The address for the Cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159. The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay
Sure, I need to get some information from you. Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel? What day will you be coming?
Tuesday. I want a place to stay that is expensive, 3 star, and has free parking and wifi.
OKay, we have the [gonville hotel] in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.
Thanks, I just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : PE5Q6EI9 .
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.
Have a good night.


I need to find a place to dine in at in Cambridge later.
we have a variety of choices. if you can specify your price range
Give me something cheap.
There are 22 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a specific area in town you are looking for?
Area of town doesn't matter, but I would like to try [north indian] food.
I'm sorry I can't find any north indian restaurants, would you like to try something else?
How about a [Portuguese] restaurant?
none in our records. maybe if you could change the area.
The area does not matter.
There are 2 Portuguese restaurants to choose from, one on the south and one in the center, both in the cheap price range. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, I would like the area, address, and postcode for the one in the centre please.
[Nandos] city centre is in the centre of town at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street, with the postcode cb23ar. May I help with something else?
I am needing to find a place to stay. I would like something 4 star rated and cheap.
There are 30+ accommodations matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
The east please.
Ok great. There are three locations. I highly suggest the [Leverton House]. Would you like to book a room?
book for 2 people and 4 nights from friday please
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 8GXHKS3A
I also need a taxi.
Where are you travelling from/to?
I would be leaving the hotel by [10:15].
Before I can request the taxi I need to know where you are going.
from the hotel to the restaurant. Please give me the contact number and car type after you book it.
Okay great. I have your reservation and you should expect to see a yellow Volvo and their contact number will be 07739732329. Is there anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day.


Could I book a train ticket, please?
Sure, I can help you with that. I will need to know what day and time and also where you will be traveling to by train.
The train should go to stevenage and should leave on friday. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after [21:00]
It seems there are 2 trains that fit your request. The TR8420 and the TR8575.
Great, I'll take the first one and please book it for 4 people please.
Sure thing! Your reference number for this booking is 9KVSMF6P . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I need to know about some places to go in town, too.
I would be happy to help with your request. What type of attraction are you looking for? There are theatres, cinemas, swimming pools, and nightclubs just to name a few.
How about multiple sports in the south part of time?
There are no multiple sports locations in the south part of town.
How about one that is in the type of Cinema
Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town.
Where specifically? Can you give me the postcode?
The address for Cineworld Cinema is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. It also has the postcode of cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to go see a movie, but want to compare prices. how much is the Cineworld entrance fee?
The entrance fee is unknown as it depends on each movie.
Okay that is all I need today, thank you.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well.


I need a taxi to arrive at [the hotspot] by [05:15]. I need to leave from [the junction]. I also need the contact number and car type.
A grey audi will pick you up, and the contact number is 07899518276. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all thanks.
Thank you, let us know if we can help anymore.


I would like to find a place to eat dinner.
Great where would you like to visit?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.
I have two restaurants matching your request. Would you like Italian or Modern European food?
I'm craving some [Modern European] food!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you then?
Yes please, 1 person on sunday at [14:15].
I have booked a reservation for one person at 14:15 on Sunday at [restaurant alimentum] successfully. Your reference number is GNRKQ4IT . Would you like me to do anything else for you?
Could you recommend a museum?
Sure thing, I reccomend [byard art] it has free admission.
Thank you. Could I get the area, post code, and address?
Sure! It's located in the south, at 14 King's Parade CB2 1SJ. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I've heard some buzz about the [Hamilton Lodge]. Can you tell me about it?
The Hamilton Lodge is a good hotel, its rated 3 stars and has both internet and parking available. It's at a moderate price point. Their phone number is 01223365664.
I'd like to book this hotel. I need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday. I require a reference number.
I have booked your room, the reference number is HJJD56XE .
Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you and have a great day.


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [chinese] food and located in the centre.
I have 5 that serve chinese food. How about charlie chan? It's priced pretty cheap.
Yes, that sounds good. Could you book it for me on saturday at [18:00].
How many people are you booking for?
There are six of us.
I'm so sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant, instead?
Yes another Chinese restaurant for six people.
I was able to get you a table for six at [Rice House]. The reference number is WY1LH16E . Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you
Ok, I hope you enjoy your meal. Have a nice day. Bye.


Hi I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and it should leave on Wednesday and arrrive by [10:15].
Where are you going to depart from?
I am departing from cambridge.
There are 49 trains, where would you like to leave from?
I am departing from Cambridge
Ok great, I have 52 trains departing from cambridge. Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Birmingham New Street. Could you give me the travel time for that train?
There are four trains that meet your request, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please, what is the travel time?
The travel time is 163 minutes. Shall I book the tickets?
No. I am also looking for attractions, a swiming pool in the south.
There are no swimming pools in the north. Would you like one in the centre instead?
No, why don't you try a theatre, instead.
[The Junction] is a theatre in the south. Their phone number is 01223511511.
What is their address?
The junction is located on Clifton Way, Their phone number is 01223511511 if you need more precise directions.
Thank you for your assistance today. Have a great day!
You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance. Have a great day!


Can you recommend a restaurant that serves [Corsica] food in the expensive price range?
I don't have a match for that food type. I apologize. Would you like to try something else?
Can you try [italian] food instead?
We have five choices, any area preference in mind?
Any area is fine. Could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? We're looking for something at [18:45] on Tuesday.
Ok, I've made a reservation for you at [frankie and bennys]. The reference number is O7FO0UHU .
Thank you. Could you please send me the address and phone number.
Of course. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy. Phone 01223412430.
now find me a stay in the east and should have a star of 4
I have 6 results matching your request. What price range would you like cheap or moderate?
I'm not concerened about pricing, but I would like a 4 start hotel in the east.
I'd recommend the allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Its 4 stars and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No, thanks. I'm all set. Good bye.
Glad I could be of help, goodbye!


I will be in Cambridge soon and look forward to seeing at least one of your attractions.
We have so many wonderful attractions. Can you please tell me what area you would like to be in?
I am actually searching for one recommended by a friend. It's called the cherry hinton I believe.
We have three different attractions with cherry hinton. I have the cherry hinton water play in the east. Is that the one you were looking for?
It's name is called the [cherry hinton village centre]. Do you have that?
Yes I do have that attraction in my system. What information do you need in regard to it?
What kind of attraction is it and what are the entrance fees?
the cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports venue. I'm sorry but I don't have the entrance fee. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel. It should be rated two stars and have free wifi.
Okay. I would recommend the Ashley Hotel in the North if you are looking for a two-star hotel. Would this be acceptable or do you need another area?
[Ashley hotel] is fine. Can you book a room for me starting from Saturday for 3 nights for 3 people? I will need the reference number.
Your reference number is CP54UMZF . Can I help you further today?
thats it, thanks so much!
Great to hear, you have a great day now!


I want to find a hospital in town
Go to the Addenbrookes Hospital
Can you give me a phone number for the hospital?
Of course. The number is 01223245151.
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. I hope everything is okay with you.


I would like to stay in a 4 star rated guesthouse.
There are quite a few options. Do you have a preferred price range and location?
I'm not concerned with price, but we really would like to stay on the south end of the city if possible.
I found two guest houses matching your request. Would you like to try the Aylesbray Lodge Gest House located at 5 Mowbray road?
Do they have internet?
Yes both of those guesthouses have internet. Should I make a reservation?
Yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? I'm interested in some nightclubs in the centre.
I would like to suggest the [ballare]. Do you need any information on it?
Yes! Can I have the phone number and entrance fee please?
Absolutely! The entrance fee is 5 pounds and the phone number is 01223364222.
Thanks! That's all I needed.
You're most welcome. Enjoy!


I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel on the south side?
There is one hotel in the south called The Lensfield Hotel. It is expensive, has 3 stars, and free internet and parking. Can I help you book a reservation?
I'm looking for a guesthouse. Is it a guesthouse?
No, it is not a guesthouse. I have found 3 options that are guesthouses. Do you prefer a 3 or 4 star?
Stars dont matter. Can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting Friday.
Okay, I've set you up at [bridge guest house]. Your reference number is SU0WE1LI .
Great. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge going to peterborough. Can you help with that?
I have several options. What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Monday and arrive by [15:45], please.
There are several trains that would get you there in time, are you wanting to leave in the morning, or the afternoon?
I would like to leave in the [afternoon].
I don't have any leaving in the afternoon. How about the morning?
I want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on monday. I need the travel time and the price please?
Of course - sorry, our automated "afternoon" constraint is buggy. I think TR7786 is most suitable, leaving Cambridge on Monday at 14:34 and arriving in Peterborough at 15:24. Would that work?
Can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? Oh, almost forgot. Does the Bridge Guest House include free parking?
The duration is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day, thank you for contacting us.


I would like a cheap restaurant.
There are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine?
I don't care.
Ask is a nice place, that is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'd like one in south part of town. Is [Ask] in the south?
I'm sorry, but Ask is not in the south part of town. There are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
I have no preference, please make a suggestion.
[nandos] is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for your help.
your welcome. thank you for calling


I am looking for a restaurant called [yippee noodle bar].
it is located at 40428 King Street City Centre
Can I make a reservation for 5 people at [16:00] on tuesday?
Reference number is : N7EM67OS . Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes please. I also need a place to stay.
Which area would you prefer to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the north.
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse, and do you have a price preference?
A guesthouse would be nice, I am trying to stay in the affordable but not cheap range. Do you have anything that is 3 or 4 star?
[Hamilton Lodge] is a 3-star guesthouse in the North part of town. It is moderately-priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I need to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Congratulations, I've booked your group a room, the reference number is NCE0R10K .
Great! That is all I needed.
If you need any more help, call us again. Thank you and have a great day!


Hi. I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the centre of the city?
We have many options! Did you have a specific price range?
Definitely cheap.
There are several, two on Regent Street, and one at 12 Bridge Street. Do you have any preferences?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
I would recommend one of the locally owned restaurants. What is your address? I can find one of the closest to you. Do you want to walk?
Please just book a cheap Italian one for me in the centre, I need it for 8 people at [13:45] on Saturday.
I was able to book a table at [zizzi cambridge] for 13:45. Your reference number is KSYHRB8I .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help!
Have a wonderful day, and enjoy your meal!


Hello, I'm trying to find a train leaving on Friday after [09:30].
I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you are departing/arriving?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne on my way to Cambridge.
Can I get a time you would like to arrive by?
I am not particular about what time we arrive provided we leave after 09:30. Choose one for me and give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.
I have train TR5678 leaving Broxbourne at 09:32 and arriving in Cambridge at 10:32. The travel time is 60 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the north area that has a cheap price range.
I have two choices that match, Royal Spice that serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria that servers Italian food. Do either of those work?
Yes I would like [Royal Spice], book a table for 8 people at [19:30] on the same day
I'm sorry, there aren't any tables available at that time. Would you like to try another timeslot?
How about at [18:30]?
I was able to successfully reserve your table for 18:30. Your reference number is A2FWMXJN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.


I'm looking for cheap lodgings.
[Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is an option. It is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
What's it's star rating?
It has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I need it for four people and five nights.
What day do you want that booking to start?
I need it to start Thursday night and once it is booked, can you send me the reference number?
You're all set! Your reference number is XZY6OUBQ . Anything else I can help you with?
No, I'll let you know if anything else comes up.
OK, have a great day. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of something you do need.


I'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called [Bridge Guest House]. Do you know where this place is at?
yes it is located in 151 hills road. anything else?
Yes I would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from Thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.
I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is S770N2F9 . What kinds of restaurants are you hoping to try?
I would like [chinese] food please?
I found several all over town. I can narrow the options down based on what part of town you prefer.
I would like to be in the centre
I have 10 restaurants available. What price range would you prefer?
A cheap place please.
how about [charlie chan]? sounds lovely.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me
Okay. I need to know the day, time, and number of people you would like to book a reservation for?
I need the reservation for 6 people at [14:00] please.
What day would you like the restaurant for please?
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.
I have made your reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Thursday for [Charlie Chan]. Your reference number is 3QUDNYHJ . Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before [14:00].
Okay. I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07801886354
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!


I'd like to find a museum in the centre of town, please.
I've found eleven different museums in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear about any in particular?
Actually, I would love it if you could give me a recommendation of one. And give me the postcode as well.
The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is free, the postcode is cb23dz.
Super. I need a train on Sunday going to Norwich, also. Can you help with this?
Train TR9533 is going to Norwich on Sunday at 10:36 and arrives at 11:55. Would you like to book it?
I would like to arrive by [11:00], if there is one available!
And just to confirm you'll be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge and need to arrive in Norwich by 11:00.
TR4969 will leave Cambridge at 9:36 and arrive at norwich at 10:55. Would you like to book it?
No, that would be all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye. Have a nice day.


I need a train on Friday from the london liverpool street station.
There are 10 trains leaving that station on Friday. What time would you like to travel?
The train should leave after [17:15] and should go to Cambridge.
There are 4 trains that leave after 17:15. The TR9886 leaves at 17:39 from london liverpool street. Would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the arrival time?
That train arrives at 19:07.
Okay I would like to book it. I'm also looking for a restaurant on the cheap side in centre.
I found 15 restaurants, do you have a preference of food choice?
I really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at [20:00] on Friday.
I'm unable to find an opening that fits your needs. Would you like to choose a different time or day?
How about for [19:00] that day? And can I have the reference number please?
Booking was successful for [charlie chan's] for Friday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is POUAEXHL . Do you need further help with anything?
Thank you that should be it, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system!


I need a train leaving Thursday after [17:45].
Could you give me a little more information? Where will you be traveling to and from?
To Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.
The first train leaving Stansted Airport after 17:45 leaves at 18:24. You'd arrive in cambridge by 18:52. Would you like me to book a seat on this train?
Yes please, what is the Train ID and price?
The train ID is TR5433 and the cost is 10.10 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book this trip for you?
That won't be necessary but thanks anyway. Although, I could use some help finding an attraction in the centre of town.
There are many attractions. Churches, cinemas, colleges, and art gallery's. Do any of those sound appealing?
Can you give me a few samples? I'll need the entrance fee, too.
All Saints Church is free to get in as is Holy Trinity Church. Would you like more information?
Yes. Postcode, phone number and entrance fee's if any of [All Saints Church].
Their phone number is 01223452587. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else that i can help you with?
Yes, I still need the postcode for All Saints Church.
Sorry about that. The postal code is cb58bs.
Thanks so much for your help today, that was everything I needed.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Bye.


Hi, I'm looking for good [Chinese] food on the west side.
sorry, there is no chinese restaurant in the west side. do you want another type of food or different part of town?
Thank you goodbye
you are welcome good bye


I am looking for a hotel called [huntingdon marriott hotel].
It is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
Thank you. Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Thursday?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : QBQ6UVZ5 .what else can i do for you?
I'm also looking for a train departing Cambridge and arriving at [8:30]. Can you help out?
What day will you need the train and where are you traveling to and how many people will be traveling?
We would like to go to peterborough on Friday.
The TR9487 will reach Petersborough at 8:24 on Friday. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.
Booked it, your ref. # is IOEJEYMY
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you!


I'm looking for a hotel in the south, and I'd like cheaper options please.
I've found the rosa's bed and breakfast which is a cheap guesthouse in the South. Would that work for you?
Does it have a star of 4?
Yes it does.
Great. Do they also offer free wifi?
They sure do. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that's ok. Could you just give me the address and postcode and please let me know if they have free parking?
They're located at 53 Roseford Road in postcode cb22ha. And yes, they do offer free parking.
I am also looking for [international] food that is in the cheaper price range.
We have one restaurant that matches your needs, it's The Missing Rock in the east area. Would you like me to book for you?
No thank you- please just give me the address and phone number.
The address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and the phone number is 01223812660.
Do you see a [Chinese] restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
Sure! I have three options for Chinese food in the south with both cheap and expensive price ranges. What price range did you want for this restaurant?
There are going to be a lot of us, so something cheap would be best.
Your best choice would be [The Lucky Star], which is on Cambridge Leisure Park. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes for 7 people for [17:45] on a Monday.
I apologize but I was unable to book your party for that time. Would you like to try a different time slot or a different day?
Can we make the reservation [an hour later]?
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful, too. Would you like to try another time?
Yes how about for [16:45]?
I have your table booked. The reference number is : GI0NB9LA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful thank you.
Let us know if we may help further. Thank you, good bye.


I want a train that departs from bishops stortford on Thursday.
I can find that train for you. What time would you like to depart?
I don't care when I depart as long as I make it to Cambridge by [20:45].
I have eight trains matching your preferences. Would you like me to book TR0060 that arrives at 20:07?
Yes please, book it for 2 people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.
Your all ready to go! Reference number is Mh4TQ7KB . Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you provide some information about [Gonville and Caius College]?
Of course, so this college is located on trinity street in the centre. Anything else you needed to know about this place?
The attraction type is college? I think that's all the information that I needed, thanks.
I have found gonville and college. It is free to get in.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
Thank you, Goodbye.


Hello, I'm looking for a [modern european] restaurant in the center.
Is there a particular price range that you would prefer?
Maybe something in the moderate range.
We have two such restarants, de luca cucina and bar on Regent Street, and riverside brasserie on Mill Lane. Do you have a preference?
Can you book 2 people at [19:30] on friday for [Riverside brasserie]. Can I get a reference number? Thank you.
Sure thing, your reservation number is 3BADCF9I . Anything else I can help with today?
That actually takes care of all my needs! Thanks a ton!
Great, enjoy your dinner and have a nice day. Thank you!


I need to find a hospital please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, but can you give me their phone number and address please? Thanks!
Phone number is 01223245151 and their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ
Thank you, that is all I needed.
You are welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great! Can I help you with transportation, lodging or attractions while here?
I am looking for an attraction called [cambridge university botanic gardens].
That is located in the centre. The address is bateman street. Can I give you any other information?
Can I have their postcode and phone please? Also I need a train out of cambridge on tuesday.
Okay the post code is cb21jf and phone number is 01223336265.
I need a train that leaves on Tuesday after [9:30] and arrives in London Liverpool street.
What time would you like to arrive by?
I don't need to arrive at a specific time, as long as the train leaves after 9:30.
The TR4494 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Great can I get 6 tickets for that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PAR7KYOS .
Great, thanks, that's everything I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Yes. I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
curry prince serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the east part of town.
Is there any other restaurant?
[Pizza Hut] Fen Ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced Italian food.
What is the address?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton, is there anything else I can help you with?


Are there any restaurants serving [middle eastern] food?
I'm sorry, there aren't any middle eastern restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
Can you try the search again looking for [Portugeuese] food instead?
Sure! I actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve [Portuguese] food. Are you interested in one of these?
I would like the one that is in the centre of town. Can you book me a table there for Thursday at [11:30]? There will be 6 of us.
I'm sorry, but the restaurant isn't available for that time. Is there another time or day you'd like to try?
Can you try [10:30] instead?
You're all set. I have book a table for 6 at 10:30. Reference # 2801GMOP . Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.


i want to find a hospital in town
The nearest hospital is Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Can I provide further assistance?
Can you please book a taxi to take me there?
Yes, a taxi can take you to Addenbrookes Hospital. Where are you now?
I'm not sure. It is all quite confusing. I think I will find help nearby. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all. Thank you goodbye.
You're very welcome. Good day.


Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.
Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.
ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by [16:15].
You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.
How many tickets please?


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital. I am wondering if they have a [trauma and orthopaedics] department?
Yes, [Addenbrookes Hospital] has two trauma and orthopaedics departments. Would you like the phone numbers?
No, I just need the postcode, please.
That's no problem. The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you book me a cab to take me to and from the hospital.
At what time? From where are you going?
I'll have to get back to you on that.
Is there anything else you need assistance with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using our system!


Is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking?
Hello, yes there are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with parking. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a place with free wifi as well. Price doesn't matter yet.
All 6 have free wifi included.
Sounds promising. What type of hotel are the ones you found?
They're mostly Guesthouses, and one hotel.
Can I get more information on the hotel?
The hotel is express by holiday inn cambridge. It is in the east and in the expensive price range. It includes free internet and parking. Shall I book it?
No thanks, I actually have all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I have all of the information I need now thanks to you.
Great! Have a great day!


I am looking forward to try a local restaurant in Cambridge and I have [clowns cafe] particularly in my mind. Can you assist to book a table for me?
I would be happy to help you book a table. What day do you need your reservation?
I would like it for Sunday.
I need some additional information before I can book the table. How many people will be dining and at what time?
Oh, I'll need a table for 5 at [11:45] on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RMG9GA7O .
Thank you, I also need to find a hotel with free wifi.
I'll be glad to help with that. Do you have a preference for the area or the price?
some place in the north with a 2 star rating.
The [Ashley Hotel] on Chesterton Road meets that criteria. How does that sound?
Great, can I get a room for 5 people for 3 nights on the same day?
Done! Your reference number is IS1AYUCK . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are you familiar with any of the attractions around The Ashley Hotel?
I'm sorry, the computer system is currently down and I cannot search attractions for you. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks. I am all set. Goodbye.
good bye and have a good day


I am looking for a moderately priced [Scottish] restaurant
I'm so sorry but it seems that I don't show any that will suit what you are looking for. Would you like to try a different price range or type?
I am looking for something in centre of town then
Yes I have many moderately priced venues in the center of town serving British food if you like.
I am not looking for British, I am looking for [scottish] food.
I'm sorry but there are no moderately priced Scottish restaurants in town. Would you like a different type of food?
Yes, Could you look for a [Spanish] restaurant instead?
There is [la tasca]. They are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street. Would you like to book it?
Yes please. Could you give me a table for tuesday at [12:00] for 2 people please.
I've booked your reservation. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have a reference number please?
Yes, it's XXNQ81IE .
Thank you. Have a lovely day.
Thank you too, good bye.


Can you tell me about [Jesus college]?
Certainly. Jesus College is in the Centre of town, on Jesus Lane, CB48BL. There is no entrance fee. Their number is 01223339485 if you'd like additional information. Anything else today?
No. that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.
I have lots of options. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
I'm looking for somewhere moderately priced with wifi.
Which area of the city would you like to stay in?
The south. I'd like a 3 star place if you can find one.
[Bridge Guest house] is moderately priced and rated 3 stars. It is in the South. Would you like to book a room?
If it offers free Wifi, sure. I need a single for 3 nights starting Thursday.
Ok great, your room has been successfully booked. Your reference number is X33X44F6 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and [Jesus College]?
Can you tell me at what time you will be needing taxi service, please?
Yes, I want to be picked up at the hotel no later than [11:00].
Your taxi was booked! The car type is yellow ford and the contact number is 07799391309.
Thanks so much. That was it for me for today. Have a good night. Bye.
Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day.


Hi there, I need a swimming pool. The kids want to swim!
[Abbey pool] is available on the east.
That sounds wonderful! May I please have the address, phone number, and post code?
Sure thing! The address is: pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. The phone number and postcode are 01223902088 and cb58nt.
Are there any [italian] restaurants located in the centre?
I have some what price range would you like?
The cheaper the better please
they are 3 but i recommend zizzi cambridge. can i get you the address?
Can you suggest one? I need reservations for saturday.
Yes, as I said [zizzi cambridge] is a very good restaurant. How many people would like me to book a table for and what time?
Please book it for 4 people at [18:30] on Saturday evening.
Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is AA76LKSA .
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!


Please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the north.
There are two great restaurants to choose from. One is a chinese restaurant and on is a indian resaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with [Indian]. Can you book me a table for Thursday at [14:00] for 8 people?
Your table at [The Nirala] will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is AM8RPHXF . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for a boat attraction to visit near the restaurant.
There is the [riverboat georgina] boat attraction in postcode cb43ax. Do you want to book a seat?
Book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. I need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the boat attraction.
Unfortunately bookings are not avialable, but the phone is 01223902091 and the price is unavailable. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at [14:00]. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi too.
I have booked a yellow volvo. The number to reach them is 07941084568. Was there anything else you needed today?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
You are very welcome, have a great day.


Hello, I'd like some information about colleges in the area that are interesting to visit
Which area do you prefer?
I don't care, do you have any suggestions?
I suggest [Christ's College] in the center area. Entrance is free. The address is Saint Andrew's Street, the phone is 01223334900. Would you like the postcode?
Thanks. I also need train going to cambridge on tuesday.
Where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Leicester, and the train should arrive by [10:45] please.
Ok, there are 4 trains that meet that criteria, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I depart, please book me one that is closest to the 10:45 arrival in cambridge. I just need one ticket.
Certainly, I have booked TR4734 arriving at 09:54 your reference number is VZ5HHW3E . Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Have a great day.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Hi, I'd like to stay at the [warkworth house] please.
warkworth house is an excellent choice. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 5 nights
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AZ8EPKAU .
Thanks for all of your help.
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much!
Glad I could help hope you have a great day.


I sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. Can you find me one in the east? I don't need free WiFi.
There are three cheap options in the east. Leverton House, Autumn House, and Allenbell. Would you like the phone number for any of them?
I am look for a hotel on the east with free parking.
The [express by holiday inn cambridge] is in the east with free parking and interenet. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
Is that a hotel?
Yes, that is a hotel. Should I make a booking for you?
Does it include free parking?
Yes it does. Would you like reservations?
how many stars?
It's a 2-star hotel.
That will be okay. Can you book that?
I'd be happy to book it for you! I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I don't need hotel reservations. I just need address, price range, star of the hotel.
It is a 2 star expensive hotel, their address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park, phone number is 01223866800. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage on wednesday.
What time would you like to travel?
We need to leave after [17:45].
When would you like to arrive by?
No preference just fine a train that leaves after 17:45.
I have train TR0609 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10.
Please book 3 seats and send the reference number.
the reference is LIB89A1W .
Thank you that is all I needed.
Have a nice day.


I need a train that will depart from stansted airport and should leave on monday
I can help you with that. Can you confirm if your destination is Cambridge and any time preference you have?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge and I need to leave after [19:30].
I show 4 possible options. Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter. I just need tickets for four people.
I have booked you 4 tickets on train TR3873. It will depart at 20:24 and will arrive by 20:52. Your reference number is CBFDX67S . Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a place to go, perhaps an attraction in the east.
There are a few attractions located in the east. What type of attraction are you looking for? There are museums, boats, sports, parks, and etc.
Whichever is your favorite would be fine.
I would recommend the [cambridge museum of technology].
What type of attraction is that?
It is located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane. The cost of admission is 5 pounds
Is it a specific type of attraction?
It's a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thanks for your help. Have a good day.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.


I need an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Great! There are a lot of tasty choices. Are you in the mood for a specific type of food?
Yes [Indian] sounds good to me!
I have many to choose from. What about The [Saffron Brasserie]?
Yeah, that sounds great. Would you reserve me a table for 4, Friday at [13:15] please?
Booked, your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GBPIJP33 .
Thanks a bunch! That's all I needed. Take care and have a good day.
You are welcome. Enjoy your meal. Bye.


I need to find a restaurant that serves [korean] food located in the centre of town.
There is one Korean restaurant in centre of town. It is expensive. It's called Little Seoul. Would you like a reservation?
Please book a table for 4 people at [19:15] on monday.
I am sorry by Little Seoul wasn't available at that time. Is there another option for dining I can look up for you?
How about a different restaurant within the same area and price range.
You are booked into [kymmoy] which serves asian oriental, in the town centre and expensive range. Your reference number is J39DEUPU . The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
That was very helpful. Thank you goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for places to go on the south side of town. Can you help me with that?
Sure. Would you like to go to a cinema, museum, nightclub, park, theater, or to see some entertainment?
Pick a place for me. I need the postcode.
There is a cinema Cineworld cinema with postcode cb17dy.
Actually, could you find me a park, instead?
Okay great! There's sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway or wandlebury country park. Both have free entrance fees.
That is perfect! Can you give me the postcode for the [sheep's green] park? That's in the south area right?
Sheep's Green is indeed in the south. The postcode is cb22ad.
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday. The train should depart after [08:15]. I also need the train ID and price.
Trian TR7924 leaves the station at 08:40. Price for 1 ticket is 10.1 GBP.
Okay that's all I needed, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve [South Indian] food.
I'm sorry I have nothing listed matching your criteria. What about just Indian food?
Darn. Will you look for a [Turkish] restaurant in that area instead?
You have your choice of Meze bar, Anatolia, or Efes Restaurant.
Can I get the address of Anatolia?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you very much for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks so much.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


Hi, I've just started planning a trip and the train system is so confusing, can you help me?
Absolutely. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. And I'm headed to Cambridge.
What day will you travel on?
I'll be travelling on Monday.
At what time do you want to leave ?
anytime after [13:00]
We have one on Monday at 5:24,would you like me to book it for you ?
I don't need it booked, just please forward me the train ID and arrival time.
The trainID is TR4096 for the train departing the stansted airport and going to Cambridge on Monday. It will arrive at 17:52.


I'm in the midst of planning my trip to Cambridge and need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi
What days would you like ?
Lets find a place first, I would like one in the north.
[acorn guest house] is a great place to stay.
get me their phone number and address and whether they have free parking
Yes, Acorn Guest House has free parking. They are located at 154 Chesterton Road. Their phone number is 01223353888.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve [unusual] food and should be in the same area as the hotel.
I'm sorry. I don't have any matching results. Would you like to try a different type of food, perhaps?
Yes, please try [Chinese] food instead.
There are three options available. I'd recommend The Hotpot. Would you like to book a table?
Not at the moment but I would like their phone number and address with postcode.
They are located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton in the north part of town. Zip code is cb41ep and their hone number is 01223366552.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.
Bye. Thank you for using our services.


What can you tell me about [Great Saint Mary's Church]?
Yes, it is a beautiful place known for architecture located in the centre area. It is on market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Can I get the phone number please?
01223350914, is the phone. Need anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives at [18:45].
There are many that arrive at that time, what destination would you like?
I am going to london kings cross on wednesday.
I have a train TR372 leaving cambridge at [5:00] and arriving at london kings cross 5:51. Would you like to reserve this?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets and a reference number.
The booking was successful. The total fee for 6 tickets is 141.6 GBP, and the reference number is DP9XQXKS . Is there anything else you need help with?
That's all! Thank you!
You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for an expensive [Chinese] food restaurant. Can you help me?
I am showing 9 chinese restaurants. Would you like a certain area?
I have no area preference. Can you make a suggestion for me?
The hakka is in the north and is excellent. Would you like a booking?
No but could I get the address for the hakka?
Sure, it is on Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure, I am looking for something to do in the town centre
I've found the All Saint's Church which is at Jesus Lane. There is no entrance fee. Would you like further information?
Actually can you give me some information on boating activities in the center and whether there is an entrance fee?
I have the cambridge punter boat located in postcode cb41as. I do not know the entrance fee you can call at 07807718591.
Okay thanks that's all I need from you. Have a good day, bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east side.
There are several. Would you like British, Chinese, Gastropub, or Indian cuisine?
Book me a table of five for Tuesday at [11:30] in one that serves [British] cuisine. Please get me the reference number as well.
I was able to successfully book a table for 5 at the [Grafton Hotel restaurant] at 11:30 on Tuesday, your reference number is 701570FS .
Thank you, I also need a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.
There are 29 different hotels that fit this request. Did you need it in a certain area or did you prefer a certain price range?
Yes, I'd also like it to be expensive and on the east side.
It sounds like you're looking for [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] then!
That would work well what type of hotel is it?
It is a hotel-[hotel]. Its named holiday "inn" and I completely understand, it can be confusing. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll also need information about a taxi service as I won't have transportation on this trip.
What time would you like to leave and arrive for your taxi?
I need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before [11:30]. Can I get a contact number and car type please?
The car is a black lexus and the contact number is 07421870215.
Great thanks! That's all I need.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip!


Hi, I was wondering if there were any swimming pools in the centre of town?
Yes, [parkside pools] are located at gonville place, postcode cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223446100. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, for giving me the address and phone number already. How much is the entrance fee?
It looks like the parkside pools does not have it's entrance fee available for the public's record. I apologize about that.
That's OK. I need a train departing from stevenage on thursday.
I have trains into cambridge from stevanage on thursday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by [9:30]
There are only 2 that fit your time frame. The TR1044 arrives at 8:43. That would be the closest to your requested arrival time. Is that okay?
That will be okay, please book it for me.
Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 25.6 GBP and the reference number is HBB3HCGF . Do you need anything else?
That should do it thank you
Have a wonderful day.
I would like the departure time for the train please, I never got it.
No problem! The departure time for your train is 07:54. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
Wonderful. Have a great day!


I need to locate the nearest police station please.
The police station is located in Parkside, postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else you need?
I have everything I need. Thank you.
You are welcome. Let me know if there's anything else I can do!
I need to call them actually right now - do you have their phone number?
Sure - the phone number is 01223358966
great, have a great day!
happy to help anytime, cheers!


I'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.
I have five places that fit your requirements so far. What part of town would you like to be in and what is your pricerange?
I'm looking for something in the north. I don't care so much about the price, but I want it to be all inclusive, no charging extra for wifi.
[Hamilton lodge] is available, would that work for you?
does it have free wifi
Yes it does. May I book it for you?
That would be great. I need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Thursday.
Alright, got your room booked. Your reference number is: 8XRZ12RV . Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Kings Lynn on the same day as my hotel check in date.
I have 19 trains. Where is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge and I should arrive by [20:00]. Please book tickets for thursday for 4 people. I'll also need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FZ0XR4CR .
Great, that is all I need.
Great. Thanks for letting us assist you today!


I want to find a [seafood] restaurant in the centre
I've found one seafood restaurant in the centre. Would you like to know more about it?
No that's fine. Just book me a table for 2 people at [13:00] on Saturday.
The restaurant is Loch Fyne. They do not have any availability at that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
Let's try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.
There are 5 expensive restaurants in the centre. One serves African, one serves Asian, and three serve British. Which would you prefer?
The [African] restaurant sounds great. Can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this Saturday?
I have your reservation made for [Bedouin] on Saturday for 2 people at 13:00
May I have the reference number for that reservation
The reference number is CH13IBY4 . Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I am looking for places to go in town.
We have many options to choose from, is there a particular type of place you are interested in seeing?
Somewhere in the Centre, entertainment.
There aren't any attractions of that type in the Centre unfortunately, do you have an alternative preference?
I could also go to a college instead.
What about Christ's college? it's free to get in.
Can you give me the address for [Christ's college] please?
Sure, it is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. Admission is free. Can I be of further help today?
Yes, I need a train coming from Ely on Friday.
There are 10 trains fitting your criteria. Do you a time preference on arrival or departure?
Yes, it will need to leave after [12:30]. I'll just book it for one person to cambridge.
Train ID TR9236 leaves at 13:35 and arrives in Ely at 13:52. Would you be interested in booking that option?
Yes. I need to book for one.
Okay, your reference number is 1A7ZKZ7F . Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I am looking for a four star hotel in Cambridge. It needs to include free parking.
I have 19 different options. Is there an area or price range you prefer so that we can narrow it down?
Do you have any with free wifi?
They all offer free wifi actually.
I would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 4. Once we select lodging, I would like you to send the postcode and address.
There are many options available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay?
If you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 4 stars.
The [Acorn Guest House] on the north side in the moderate pricerange, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Do you want me to book the reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet. Could you give me the address and postcode for it?
The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Is there any other way I can be of assistance?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by [19:45].
I have 1029 travelling to Cambridge. Can you be more specific on what day you'd like to leave and time/place you'd like to depart from?
Yes, I'll be coming in from London Liverpool Street on Friday.
Train TR9802 leaves at 15:39 and will get you to your destination at 17:07. The cost of the ticket is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like a booking for one person.
I have reserved your ticket. Your reference number is QUECHW83 .
That will be all, thank you.
Thank you for using TownInfo.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
Okay, there are a lot of places that might work for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the east and also need free parking.
I found 5 hotels for you! The Allenbell looks nice, would you like to book that?
Is the [Allenbell] a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Allenbell is a low cost guesthouse.
Okay, I don't need any more information about that. I am interested in a restaurant located near the hotel.
There are several restaurants in the east what type of food would you like?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I would like a moderately priced restaurant.
[Rajmahal] is a nice moderate price restaurant around there serving Indian food. Does that sound good? I would be happy to book a reservation for you.
Great can you make a reservation for 1 person at [19:45] on monday?
It is booked then. Could I try another day or another time?
Can you check to see if they could accommodate me at [18:45] on Monday? I just need a small table for one.
Your table is reserved. Your reference number is Q2G0OHLC . Can I help you with anything else?
I could also use a taxi that can get me from the [Allenbell] to [Rajmahal]. I need to get to the restaurant by [18:45].
I booked you a red tesla taxi, the contact number is 07912598182. Anything else I can help you with?
No, you have done quite a bit for me today. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
There are five expensive restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for price range or type of food?
Any type of food is fine
There is an expensive Mexican restraunt in the south area of town called chiquito restaurant bar. Is that fine?
Is there anything else?
[frankie and bennys] serves italian food and is located in the south part of town. Would you like more information for them?
I need the address.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Good bye
Goodbye.


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Okay, Addenbrooke's hospital is located at Hills Road, Cambridge. Would you like the phone number?
I want the postcode
The post code for the hospital is CB20QQ.
Thank you. That was all I needed.
Okay. Enjoy the rest of your day today


Hi, I am looking for a nice hotel to stay in. I would like it to include free parking. Internet access is not necessary.
i have many. will you please state the price?
I don't care about the price.
[acorn guest house] is a 4 star hotel located north of cambridge would you like to reserve?
Do they have internet?
Yes it does. Shall I book it?
Yes, please. I need to book 3 nights starting on Friday for 5 people.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please give me reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7OLQYP67 . What else can I assist you with today?
I'd also like a recommendation for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
What food type are you interested in?
surprise me what is the best choice ?
[Saigon city] is Asian oriental and is in the north as the hotel is. It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need reservations for [12:30] on Friday. There are 5 in my group.
Your table has been booked. Your reference number is LPQVDDE9 .
That is all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help you with lodging and dining from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street
I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by [20:15] please.
I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27. Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.
Yes, TR9561 arrives at 19:27. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.
Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a hotel in the west. I need free parking and wifi available. Thanks so much.
Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA . There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range
Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?


What kind of entertainment is there in the centre?
There is no entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Are there any architectural attractions in the centre?
There are 5 that match your request. All are churches except for one which is a school. Would you like more information on any of these?
Okay, well then how about architecture?
Yes you mentioned that. How about Old Schools?
What is the postcode for [Old Schools]? Also I need a train that leaves after [13:45] on Friday. Can you tell me what is available?
cb21tt is the postcode for Old Schools. What is the area that you would like to depart from for the travel arrangements?
The train should leave from ely and go to cambridge
Okay, for sure. I booked it.


I am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the south. Can you help me?
Sure! Museum? Nightclub? Movies? You name it!
I have no preference, but you can suggest a Museum for me.
There are no museums in the south. Would you like to try a different area or different attraction?
That's too bad. Can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the south instead?
I have about 5 places to choose from. I have 2 chinese places, an indian place, an italian place and lastly a place that serves delicious Mexican food.
I would like [Indian] food.
Very good choice. The [taj tandoori] restaurant is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Phone number is 01223412299 and post code is cb17aa. Anything else?
I will like to book that for 5 people at [11:15] on Saturday. I also really need that information on an attraction in the South. Just something fun.
i have booked. Reference number is : 8JWW36ZA .anything else i can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi to get between the two places. Can you help with that?
To book you a taxi, i will need to know where will you be departing from.
I'll be going to the restaurant.
I would need to know which two places you need to get to with the taxi. You only made restaurant reservations. You mentioned an attraction but never completed.
That's because you never got back to me, you forgot first. I want to go somewhere in the south but I'm not familiar with the town, what do you recommend?
[Byard art] is a very popular museum with both tourists and locals in the south part of town. Would you like me to book the taxi from here?
Yes, please, and can I also get a contact number and what type of car will arrive?
Ok in order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination.
Book taxi to go to taj tandoori restaurant. I need to arrive by 11:15 on Saturday.
Where do you want to be picked up?
Ok I need to firm up a attraction to visit then that will be my pick up location.
Ok, what type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend in the south?
I highly suggest a nightclub called [The Place].
Ok great. I will need the phone number, address and postcode.
The phone number is 01223324600.
Great. Now I would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 11:15.
A blue tesla will be picking you up at The Place and dropping you at Taj Tandoori at 11:15. The contact number is 07648510373
Great, Thank you so much. That is all I need.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I'd like a restuarant with [Asian Oriental] food located in the centre, please.
The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre. Would you like to book at this restaurant?
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation though.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant? Phone, address and postcode?
Sure the Phone 01223363471, address 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thanks!
You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.


I'd like a train to London Kings Cross to arrive by [21:15].
Sure, which day would you like to travel?
I am travelling on Thursday and going to Cambridge.
Might I suggest train TR6595 leaving Cambridge at 19:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 19:51. Would that work for you?
Yes, that does work. Could you book it for 1 person please?
Okay, I went ahead and reserved your ticket for Train ID TR6595. The cost will be 23.6 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is GKTT3OTZ .
That's everything I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by [20:00]
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.
Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.
How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.
The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.
Did you have a price range in mind?
No, it doesn't matter.
what is the price range?
Cheap price range and free wifi
I have the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane it meets all your specifications. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, just needed the address. That's all for today thank you!
Well, then you have a nice day!


Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
There are many great attractions in the center of town. I recommend the [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] - it's beautiful there!
entrance fee and adress and phone number please
They are located at bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265
And what attraction type would that be considered?
It's listed as a park.
Ok, I didn't catch if it has an entrance fee?
Yes as a matter of fact it does and this is 4 pounds.
Is there an [Indian] restaurant in the same area as the attraction? If so what is the address and phone number?
I recommend Saffron Brasserie. They are located on Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else you need?
No. I think I am all set.
Thank you goodbye


I need a place to eat in the south that's expensive.
There are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a preference?
I would like [Chinese] or [Mexican] restaurants
How about [chiquito restaurant bar]? It's an expensive and delicious restaurant in the south.
Sure, I need a table for 8 at [17:15] on Wednesday, please.
Okay, I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is XAL5QLX9 .
Thank you, what places can you go to that are in the same area?
There are a range of attractions in the south, including parks, nightclubs, a museum, a theatre, a cinema, and more general entertainment venues. What sort of attraction are you interested in?
A museum sounds great. Can you get the phone number for one?
Yes, the [byard] museum is reachable at 01223464646, they have free admission and are located at 14 king's parade, any other questions?
That sounds very nice. Can you book me a taxi or car service between those two places? I'd like to arrive by my reservation time, please.
I was able to book a taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call them at 07550666183. Is there anything else?
That would be all, thanks!
Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I would be in cambridge and I need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this sunday, can you help me find one?
Am I correct that you are travelling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday? There are plenty of options for that trip. Do you have any preferences on departure and arrival times?
Yes it has to leave on Sunday after [19:15].
On Sunday, train TR3922 leaves Peterborough at 19:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:09 and is 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, can you please book 4 tickets for me and provide me with the reference number, please.
Certainly, your reference number is GE1DNN0F . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I also need some accomodations. Got anything with free wifi?
I have 32 results of lodging with free wifi. Could you be more specific on what area you'd like to stay in, or what type such as hotel or guesthouse?
Certainly! I'd like an expensive 4-star hotel, please. No guesthouses.
You have your choice of the Huntingdon Marriott or the University Arms.
I'll take the [Huntingdon Marriott]. Will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday for four people?
I've booked your stay at the Huntingdon Marriott for 4 people.
Great. All I need is the reference number for that reservation.
No problem. Your reference number for your room is Z1A3JS0N . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be it, thank you!
Alright, have a nice day!


Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
The Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the south. Would you like more information?
Does it serve [bistro] food?
No, I'm sorry. Would you prefer a cheap bistro in the north, or some other qualifications?
I would settle for [British]. I'd prefer moderately priced, actually, and location doesn't matter.
I would recommend [Cotto]. They serve British food and are moderately priced. Would you like their contact information?
What is the phone number?
Cotto's phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all I need. Goodbye!
Good bye. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge restaurant system.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.


I need a train leaving from broxbourne.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Tuesday from Broxbourne to Cambridge after [19:15].
I would recommend TR6788 which leaves Broxbourne at 19:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:32.
Can you book it for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : X1XG5K91 .
Can you also recommend a three star hotel that has free wifi?
There are two. The [Gonville Hotel] and The Lensfield. Both also have free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.
Your booking at The Gonville coming in on Tuesday for 4 days 3 nights is confirmed for a party of 2. Your reference number is : 5GCUETMP . Anything else today?
No. That's it. Thank you for your help.
I am happy to help! Goodbye, I hope your trip is lovely!


I need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town, please.
There aren't many cheap places in the center, but I can recommend the [Alexander B&B]. They have 4 stars, despite being a cheap place.
Okay, I would like a booking please.
I'd be happy to help you with that booking. Just tell me how many are in your party, and what nights you are looking for accommodation.
Yes, I need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting Wednesday. Please send me the reference number once booked.
You are booked for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 2 people. The reference number is 11SD75ME . May I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you!
Thank you so much for your help


Hello I am looking for a high-class super fancy pricey restaurant that serves [south Indian] food. Any suggestions would be great.
There are 14 restaurants that match your criteria, any preference in area?
I just want it to be south indian food. I don't mind what area it's in.
Ok great. The [Curry Garden] is highly recommended. It is in the Centre. Are you looking to reserve a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table on Wednesday for 6 people at [11:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FPQJQM5F . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I also would like to stay at a 4 star location in the north please
There are no locations that meet your criteria in that area. Would you like to search in another location?
I don't believe you. check again. I also want free wifi.
There are no hotels, but there are 8 guesthouses which meet your requirements. Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Which do you recommend?
I recommend the [acorn guest house]. How does that sound?
Sounds good, can I please have their postcode and the price range?
They are a moderate priced guesthouse with free parking and internet in the cb41da post code. Would you like me to make a reservation for there?
I'll have to think about it. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all thank you.
You are welcome enjoy.


Can you find me a moderately priced hotel?
Sure, there are 3 moderately priced hotels. Would you prefer to stay in the north or centre?
I don't mind which area but I need free parking and somewhere with 2 stars if possible.
There are two hotels with free parking and a 2-star rating.
Could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday? I have no preference which one you pick.
I have booked you at the [Ashley Hotel] in the north area. Your reference number is 970JE5ZN . Do you need any additional information about this location or any additional help today?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Okay. I am glad I could be of help.


I need to get to [bangkok city] by [12:00] today. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from [jesus green outdoor pool].
Alright, I have arranged for a grey toyota to take you. They can be reached at 07230483691. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much. Bye!
Happy to help! Please take care!


Can I get some information on the [Ali Baba] restaurant?
Sure. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, for 3 people on Sunday at [14:00].
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, a reference number would be great! Could i also get information on the [Ashley hotel]?
Yes the Ashley hotel is moderately priced, 2 stars and on the north side.
That sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on sunday.
Your reference number is O39NTCEE . May I help you with anything else today?
I think you answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Thank you! Have a great day!


Hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free WiFi, please?
Surprisingly, I have three options. How about [Citiroomz]? It is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
The would be great. Can I have the address and phone number?
Yes certainly their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their telephone number is 01223304050.
Great I need to book it for 4 nights
How many people will be staying and when would you like to stay?
It will be for 2 people starting on Wednesday.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.
I am unable to book this for you. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about tuesday?
I apologize, but it looks like saturday is not working either.
Try tuesday please.
I'm sorry tuesday isn't working either.
I suppose I'll book it myself, then. Can you tell me about the [Soul Tree Nightclub]? What part of town is it in?
It is in the Center of town. What else would you like to know?
I need the entrance fee and address.
The entrance fee is 4 pounds and the address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Anything else?
Yes I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the [nightclub] and i need to leave by [22:15].And may i have car type and confirmation # please?
Okay a red honda will be coming for you. The number is 07945880615
How much will the ride cost?
The system is unable to provide me with such information is there anything else?
No that would be all. Thank You. Goodbye
Good Bye thank you for calling


Hi! I've heard of a great hotel called [Hobsons House] and I'd like to stay there. Can you help me locate it?
Yes, it is a 3 star guesthouse in the west. Address is 96 barton road. Would you like me get a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday.
I would be happy to help you. Can you please provide the number of people to reserve for as well as the number of days you will be staying.
In a moment. I also need to find a restaurant in the expensive price range.
There are a lot of expensive restaurants in the area what type of food are you looking for?
Can you suggest one in the north? And please give me the address for it.
There is saigon city,they serve asian oriental and the address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
that sounds nice
Would you like me to book that?
No thanks, have a good day bye.
You too, thanks for calling. Bye


Hi, I am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.
How about Magdalene College and Cafe Jello Gallery (13 Magdalene St), both free and on Magdalene St?
That's great. What time does each attraction open?
Sorry, I don't have that information. You can call them to find out. 01223332138 and 01223312112 are the phone numbers.
Can you tell me what type of attraction [Cafe Jello Gallery] is please? I also want to find an [indian] restaurant.
Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a preferred price range or area?
Great thank you, I am also looking for an expensive Indian place to eat
I've got 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Is there a particular part of town you'd like to eat in?
I would prefer to eat in the same area as Cafe Jello Gallery.
Okay, how about the [Tandoori Palace]? It's in the same area.
Sounds great! Could I book a reservation for 6 people at [13:30] on wednesday?
I'm sorry, but you'll have to book at another time slot. What other time slot would you like to book at?
Let's try [12:30] then.
No problem. Your table is booked at 12:30 on Wednesday.
What is the reference number for the reservation?
Your reference number is SRC2I813, your table will be held for 15 mins. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.
Could you please tell me what time you want to leave or what time you want to arrive so I can book the taxi for you?
I will need to arrive at Tandoori Palace by [12:30] please.
I have confirmed your booking a white audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07621830686. Do you need help with anything else? .
No, I think that's everything. Thank you so much.
Okay great. Glad i could be of help.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
There are 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you'd prefer?
I don't care what cuisine. I would like a table for 1 at [12:30] on Thursday. I will need a reference number also.
Sure. I booked you into the [Cambridge Chop House] on Thursday at 12:30. Your reference number is 8NI5A15M .
Okay, wonderful. Thank you for your help.
Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
No, you were extremely helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for booking with us today. Enjoy your reservation!


I am looking a place serving [gastropub] in the moderate price range.
The [Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar] is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre area. Would you like their address and phone number?
Most definitely.
The phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at the Corn Exchange Street. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome, thank you for calling. Goodbye.


Hello there! I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge.
Sure, I can help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
The train should leave after [08:15] and should leave on sunday
There are 16 trains that travel during that time frame, do you have a specific time you'd like to arrive?
The earliest is better. Can you tell me what time it will arrive and the price?
Arrival time is at 08:52 and the cost is 8.08 GBP. Can I get a ticket for you?
I guess that is alright. Please book me.
The booking was successful your reference number is TJFPD155 .
Can you also help me find an attraction on the west side of town?
Would you like visit [Clare College]? The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Is that on the west side? If so then yes, I would like to also get a phone number for that attraction.
Clare College is in the west, their phone number is 01223333200. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Then you have a great trip. Thank you.


I'm looking for places to go in the centre of Cambridge.
There are 44 different things to do in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me narrow it down by type of activity or attraction?
What's the postcode for your favorite one?
My personal favorite is [holy trinity church]. They are on market st and the postcode is cb23nz. Anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to book a train.
i have plenty of trains, can i get more information please?
I need to leave on sunday after [12:30] from cambridge to stevenage
The first train after 12:30 is the TR0523, which leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
Great, can I get two tickets on it, please?
I've booked two tickets for the TR0523 train, and your reference number is R6GCVVA0 . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful! Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town
How about [curry prince], they are in the moderate price range in the east part of town
Can I get the address, phone number, and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223 566388. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 J.J.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.


You are planning your trip in Cambridge. You are looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
Okay how about Yippee Noodle Bar? If you'd like I can book a table for you.
I would like to have [British] food. Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer British food?
No, Yippee Noodle Bar does not serve British food. However, there are four British restaurants in the area I could refer you to.
Yes, please recommend one.
[The Oak Bistro] is my favorite. Do you need their information or can I reserve a table for you?
Please reserve it for 2 people at [15:30] on thursday and give me the reference number.
Great. I have booked your table. The reference number is LU8KXXPR .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. Can you help me with that?
[El Shaddai] is a guesthouse that meets your needs, and Cityroomz is a hotel. Would you like to book a room at one of those?
Either would be fine, I guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on Thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights.
Your room is booked for 3 nights at [El Shaddai], reference number is XBYOBYV7 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. Can you help me with that as well?
Yes, I can assist you with that. What time would you like to leave to the restaurant?
I just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30
Alright, I have your taxi booked for you. It will get you to the bistro by 15:30. Your car will be a red Volkswagen. Do you need anything else?
Just the contact number for the taxi, please.
The contact number is 07413487681. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need to find the nearest hospital.
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes. The phone number is 01223245151. Do you need a specific department?
No that's all I needed thank you!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is it thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


I'm hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay.
We have many options. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse. Also, I would need free parking.
I have 33 results, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'd prefer something on the west side of town.
I have [hobsons house] on the west side in the moderate range. It has 3 stars and internet and parking. Would you like to book that one?
That sounds good,please book that one for me.
For how many and what dates?
Eight people, two nights from Thursday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Yes, the same price range.
In the area of west there is only one guest house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to search a different area?
Yes you can check any area please.
I have 12 in the moderate price range. Would you like me to try the [aylesbray lodge guest house]?
Yes please book for me then me the reference number
Okay that was successful and your booking number is JP9DVKTJ .
Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No. I have everything I need.
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!


Hello. I need a train ticket on a train going from Cambridge to Ely.
What day would you like to travel, and at what time do you want to leave?
I'd like to travel on Saturday, but I don't want to leave until after [19:30].
TR7349 will depart cambridge at 19:50 on Saturday, arriving in Ely at 20:07. Will that work?
Yes please book a seat for me. And can you tell me if there are any [african] restaurants in ely near the train station?
Your seat has been booked for the TR7349, reference number is ER5D744W . I can look up African restaurants in Cambridge but not Ely.
What is the price and travel time for that train?
The travel time is 17 minutes and it will cost you 3.52 pounds.
Great that's all the info I needed today thank you.
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre, can you help me?
What type of food are you looking to eat?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range. I would like a table for 7 people at [12:30] on Wednesday.
There are 15 such restaurants. I'd suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar which serves Asian Oriental food. Would that work for you?
Yes, the Dojo Noodle Bar sounds perfect.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Sure, find me something else.
I was able to book a table for you at [Charlie Chan] Chinese restaurant on Regent Street. Reference number Z3FWSA48 . Will that be all?
Yes thank you for your help.
Yes. Thank you very much!


I am looking for places to go. Can you tell me about some museums?
I show 79 of them, is there a certain area of town you prefer?
Surprise me! I'd like the address, fee and postcode.
the broughton house gallery is located on 98 king street, is free to enter, and the post code is cb11ln.
Sweet! Can I also get some information on hotels?
Sure. I have 33 hotels in my database. Can you please provide me with the area, price range, and features you are looking for?
How about a 2 star rating in the moderate price?
Of course, [ashley hotel] and [lovell lodge] both meet that criteria. Would you like to book with one of them?
Either one is fine, I need to book for 1 starting sunday, 4 nights.
You have a room at the [Ashley], reference number 1IIKBZBL .
Thank you very much for your help.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel. Any [indian] cuisine or [african] cuisine that's expensive?
how about [broughton house gallery]?
Does it have free wife and parking?
No, it doesn't. Sorry about that.
Sorry about that, I can look for a restaurant later. That's actually all I need today, thank you!
Ok great! Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre, I hope you enjoy your stay! Goodbye!


Hello, could you tell me if [Downing College] is still operating?
Yes, Downing College is still operating in the centre. They're located on regent street , post code cb21dq. You can visit them for free! Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please?
The phone of Downing College is 01223334860. Do you need a place to stay?
How did you know?! Yes I do! You must be a mind reader! I'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and I definitely DON'T want a guesthouse. Only a real hotel, please!
There are two that might suit you. The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel is in the south part of town. Do either of those sound good?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.
I have no hotels in the north that meet those specification. May I try something else?
I just need a 3 star hotel in the north center.
There are no 3 star hotels in the North. You sure a guesthouse won't work?
Let's try the guesthouse, could you provide me with their telephone number?
The [Hamilton Lodge] is a guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223365664. Can I book a room for you there?
No, thank you. However, could you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
No problem. What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave and [2:30 p.m] and arrive at [3:23 p.m.]
I have a taxi, a red skoda, booked for you. Your contact number is 07481840729. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.
You're all set with your booking with the taxi. Would you like a restaurant in the area for you as well?
No, but you know what? We should probably have the car pick me up at the college at [2:15 p.m.] instead.
Sure. Please look for a yellow Ford. The contact number is 07901807088 if you need it. Is there anything else today?
Thank you very much. That's all.
You are welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a great day as well. Goodbye.
Please let us know if we can do anything else for you.


Please find a place to eat that serves [Indian] food.
There are several is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the west.
There are 6 results. Is there a certain pricerange you'd like?
Thank you! I would like to go to an expensive restaurant, please.
I would recommend [Tandoori Palace] at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. The food there is great. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes 4 people on [18:15] on friday. Should be a fin way to start the weekend.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OPAF3JMB . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to in the same area.
There are no nightclubs in the west, would you like me to do another searchby area or attraction type?
How about a museum then?
There are 7 museums in the west. Would you prefer one with free admission?
Yes please.
The [cafe jello gallery] has free admission and is located at 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Would you like information on any others?
No, that is all the information I need. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


Good day, I need help getting a train from London Liverpool street going all the way to Cambridge, can you help me?
Sure thing there are 70 trains making that trip, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to travel on Wednesday and arrive by [10:15]. Can you help?
There are 3 trains available. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives by 10:15.
TR8813 departs london liverpool street at 7:39 and arrives in cambridge at 9:07. I can book tickets for you, if you like.
That will be great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south part of town. Do you have any recommendations?
Certainly, we have 3 guesthouse aylesbray lodge guest house, bridge guest house, rosa's bed and breakfast or the lensfield hotel. Which would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range.
[Rosa's Bed and Breakfast] fits that, would you like to book a room there?
Does the hotel offer free wifi?
Yes, Rosa's does offer free wifi.
Great, I think that will work. I need a room for myself for five days, starting Wed.
Sadly I was unable to book you for that time period. Is there another day you'd like to check in, or possibly you could stay for a shorter time period?
Would you be able to book the stay for four nights instead? Can i also get the reference number?
Booking was successful for 4 nights at rosa's bed and breakfast . Your reference number is : 1G56HJK3 . Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I need to get a taxi to take me to [efes restaurant] please.
Certainly - what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by [21:30] please.
Tell me where you are leaving from, please.
I will be leaving from [Avalon].
Alright, I have you booked, you can expect a grey audi, contact number 07395990234. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, but thank you, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome. Don't hesitate to contact again if you are in further need of assistance.


Hello i'm looking for places to go in cambridge please.
The Cineworld Cinema is located south at Cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there a specific activity you had in mind?
I need a place in the centre.
[All Saints Church] is in the centre area. The entrance fee is free. Would you like to book that?
Yes, can I get the postcode.
Certainly. All Saints Church is in postcode cb58bs. Can I help you with something else today?
Yes please, we'll be needing somewhere to stay the night. What can you tell me about the [Cambridge Belfry]? I've heard it's pretty nice, is that true?
It is four stars. What else would you like to know?
Does it have free parking?
The Cambridge Belfry does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could I please get the address for the hotel?
The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. The phone number is 01954714600 and postcode cb236bw. Is the anything else I can help with?
No that's it, thank you.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a nice day.
Have a nice day!
Thank you. Have a nice day as well. Good bye.


Hello, I'd like to have dinner in the centre, is there anywhere that serves [Afghan] food?
There is none available, do you have another type of food?
Not really- what about a cheap restaurant? What are my choices?
I have 15 cheap places to dine. Another food preference perhaps?
Yes, that would be a good idea. Can you search for one that serves [asian oriental] food for me? Thanks a lot
You have two options. Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant both fit your specifications. Which of these would you like me to make a reservation for you at?
[Dojo Noodle Bar] sounds interesting. Can you get me the phone number and post code for them?
Sure, the phone number is 01223363471 and the postcode is cb21rq. Is there any other information I can help you with today?
Yes, is there anywhere that you can play some sports near the restaurant?
I have the [cherry hinton village centre] located at colville road, cherry hinton.
Can you book that for me.
I can't book it but I can provide you with the address if you'd like.
The address and the post code is all I need.
The postcode is cb19ej, and the address is colville road, cherry hinton
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Glad I could help, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I am looking for [indian] food in the north part of town.
There are two restaurants serving Indian food in the North part of town. What price range do you want?
I don't care. However, I would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number.
Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Their number is 01733 553355. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Good bye
You're welcome, goodbye.


restaurant on the south side please
Would you be interested in a wonderful Indian restaurant called Tandoori Palace?
No actually, can you suggest me some [kosher] places?
There are no kosher restaurants in that area. Would you like to search another area or food type?
A [portuguese] restaurant might be nice.
there is ali baba at 59 Hills Road City Centre, phone number is 01462 432565.


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.
how about [christ's college]? it has free admission.
Where are they located?
It's located on saint andrew's street, in postcode cb23bu.
Would you happen to have the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of guesthouse.
There are three guesthouses to choose from in the south. Do you have a preference about price range or star rating?
How about a moderate price range and a star rating of three?
The [bridge guesthouse] meets that criteria, would you like me to book you or just give you some info?
Yes please. Can I get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday?
Sure! Booking was successful. Reference number is : IT4WKA6J . Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi to commute. I need to leave the hotel by [15:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type :blue BMW Contact number :07261500533 What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, That will be all.
I hope everything works out well.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!


Can you help me find [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse]? Thanks.
Sure, it's located at 82 arbury road. Do you want their phone number?
Yes I need to know whether they have free parking, star of the hotel, and phone number.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel that offers free parking. You can reach their front desk at 01223364319. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant. I'd like it to serve expensive [bistro] food.
There are none that serve that sort. Is there another kind you would like?
Is there a cheaper bistro?
Unfortunately not. Is there another type of music you would like?
Okay how about [Thai] food?
I would rater have some chinese please.
What is the address and post code of the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
The address is 82 arbury road postcode cb42je.
Sorry for digressing. I am still looking for an expensive Thai restaurant in the center of town. Can you check?
[bangkok city] fits your description. can we book for you?
Can I get their address and postcode please?
Their postcode is cb23jx and their address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi, please.
Certainly, from what location to what location?
From the restaurant to the hotel.
I can take care of that for you. What time would you like to be picked up?
I would like to be picked up by [01:15] if at all possible, thanks.
Taxi has been books. It will be a blue tesla, contact number 07585251090. Have you made a decision on type of food you would like?
Thanks for the help.
Are you wanting a reservation for Bangkok City for thai?
No, I just needed the information on that, I am all set.
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
Ok, have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells [north indian] food.
Unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics. perhaps you could try other types of cuisine?
I'm looking for a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you try again?
My apologies. I meant to say restaurant not hotel. Unfortunately, there aren't any restaurants that are that price range that serve north indian food.
Okay. How about one that serves [italian] food?
We have 5 locations that match your criteria. What area of town would you like it in?
I would like it to be in the east area of town please.
The [Pizza Hut] in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton seems to meet your requirements.
Sounds good, can I get the phone number and postcode, please?
The number there is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb58wr. Anything else?
That is all! Thank you!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.


Looking for a train going Stevenage.
Okay, for what day and where are you departing from?
I am looking at traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.
Is there a particular time you would like to leave?
I want to leave after [20:45].
Train TR9016 leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22:10. Would that work?
Yes, I need a booking for 2 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : W20YWCTG .
Thanks! That is all I needed.
Our pleasure. Please call us again and have a terrific day.
You too, good bye now.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


I need an expensive restaurant in the centre
Sure, what type of food do you want me to look for?
I don't have a preference. It should be in the centre, however.
[bedouin] is a very nice african restaurant. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. Would you book it for 8 people on Tuesday at [13:00]? I need to be sure to get the reference number, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P29I9V5T .
Thank you. I'm also in need of a place to stay. I'd like it to be a hotel with a star of 2.
There is the [Ashley Hotel], which is a two star hotel in the north. Shall I book it for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?
Yes free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights for 8 people on Tuesday.
You are good to go, in case you need it, the reference number is FBC4YKK9, can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks for being so helpful for my upcoming trip. Looking forward to my stay. Bye.
Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.


Can you tell me what's interesting to do on the south side?
[Byard art] is an art museum that is available.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the phone number?
01223464646 is their phone number. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find an [Italian] restaurant in the same area.
they are two. do you need the cheap or expensive one?
I'll take the cheap one. I don't need to book, but could you give me the postcode?
I have a moderate priced one, not cheap. It is [pizza hut] cherry hinton. Would you still like the phone number?
Yes please. I also need to postcode. I need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. I'd like to leave the restaurant by [17:30].
The post code is cb17dy. I've booked your cab - it's a blue tesla.
Can I have the contact number for the taxi?
I'm sorry, it's 07086024268. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Can you help me find information on [saint john's college]?
Saint John's College is in the Centre of town on Saint John's Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there an exact address, like a street number? Thanks!
It is on Saint John's Street, though it doesn't have an exact street number. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Friday after [11:15].
Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
cambridge is my destination and from leicester
The TR3877 leaves at 12:09 on Friday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 1 person, please?
It has been booked. Your total fee is 37.79 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 2X743C2D .
Great. Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome. Have a good day!


I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
I have the oak bistro they serve british food.
Is there any place that serves [international] food?
There are two international restaurants that are in the moderate price range: [The Varsity Restaurant] and The Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at [17:30] on Wednesday?
I've booked you a table for eight, your reference number is PJYZ9VQ9 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


There are [French] restaurants in Cambridge, right?
Yes, there are 2 french restaurants.
Can you try booking one of them for 8 people at [13:45] on wednesday?
You are all booked at [cote]. Your reference number is OJFUL39U .
Was that restaurant in the North? I needed one in the north.
Restaurant [two two] is in the north. Would you like me to book there instead?
yes, please for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday
Sure your reservation number OJFUL39U .
I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of boat.
Riverboat Georgina meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can you give me the address and entrance fee to this attraction? Thank you for your help!
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I don't have the entrance fee available to me, but you can contact them at 01223902091 for more information.
Ok great, thank you. That is all I need.
excellent, have a great day!


I need a taxi to come to [curry garden] and take me to [nandos].
Okay! What time do you need it for?
I need to arrive by [04:45]
I have booked you a white volvo, contact number is 07985113779. Is there anything else?
That is all I need today thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Good bye.
Have a wonderful day! It was a pleasure to serve you.


I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to eat.
Excellent, we have over 31 possible choices. Do you have a location or cuisine preference?
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
I have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement. What type of food are you looking for? Or would you like my recommendation?
Can you give me your recommendation please.
Restaurant One Seven serves British cuisine. Would you like me to book this for you?
Sure. Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at [11:30]?
No, I'm sorry. I can't book that. Would you like to try another resturant?
Okay, how about another place in the same area and price range?
[Yippee noodle bar] was able to be booked, the reference number is 0Y6K4AF7 .
Thanks so much. That will be all I need today. Have a nice day. Bye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contact Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good Bye.


Can you help me find a train leaving Stevenage on Thursday? Thanks.
Certainly. What time do you need to be in Cambridge?
I need it to arrive by [13:15].
Train TR1163 is leaving at 05:54. would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the price?
It is 12.80 pounds.
Sounds reasonable enough. I'll book it myself but please find me some places to visit in town
Are you looking for a hotel?
No, looking for a pool in the centre in town.
[Parkside pools] is located at gonville place in the centre of town.
What's the address, postcode, and phone number for that place?
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100. Do you need anything other help today?
That is all thank you.
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Thanks. Enjoy your day too. Bye now.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Yes, I am in a dispute after a car accident. I need help right away.
You'll want to contact the Parkside Police Station.Their address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. The phone number there is 01223358966.
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
No that's all for now. Thanks again.
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services.


I would like to find a hospital with a [diabetes and endocrinology] department please.
Addenbrookes hospital diabetes and endocrinology department phone number is 01223217323
What is the postcode?
The Postcode is CB20QQ


Can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
There are 9 matching records in the north, what price range do you want ?
I don't care.
Is there a certain type of food that you would like?
Yes, I would like [world] food.
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serves world food in the north . Is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today?
Maybe some [Indian] food?
Great hit


Hi, I am looking for places in west Cambridge that feature architecture.
I am sorry, I am unable to locate an attraction in your desired location?
How about a college then?
There are 5 college's in the west area. There is Churchill, Clare, Clare Hall, Magdalene and Queens. Would you like me to book one today?
Can you give me the phone number for [Churchill]?
Certainly, churchill college the phone number is 01223336233. What else can I do for you today?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called [ugly duckling].
Of course! Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant in town center. Would you like a booking there?
Can you tell me what kind of food the Ugly Duckling offers and where it is located? I also need their phone number. Thank you.
The Ugly Duckling offers Chinese food. The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their phone number is unavailable.
Thank you for all your help today.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for some places to go in the east. I'd like an entertainment attraction. Can you give me some suggestions and phone numbers please?
Cherry Hinton Hall's number is 01223446104. The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705.
What other types of attractions are available in the east?
There are swimming pools, parks, museums and multiple sport attractions as well.
What type of attraction is [Cherry Hinton Hall]?
It is an entertainment place, does that satiate your desires?
That sounds great. I also need a hotel in the same area as the attraction
Do you have an accommodation type or price range?
I need a hotel with free parking.
There is no hotel in the east with free parking
okay can you look for a hotel without free parking?
I didn't mention that there are guesthouses in the east with free parking. Did you specifically need a hotel type or would a guesthouse be okay?
I will take anything with free parking.
I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
Can you let me know if they have internet, their address, and phone number?
Yes Allenbell has internet and the phone number is 01223210353 address is 517a coldham lane. Would you like for me to reserve you a room?


