I am looking for a restaurant called [the Gandhi].
The Gandhi is at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation for 7 people Monday at [15:30] please.
Unable to book at that time.Would you like a different restaurant ?


I want [crossover] food at an expensive price. Can you help?
I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants meeting that criteria. Could you please try a different type?
is there something else in the West?
Grafitti has great British food in the west and fits the expensive pricerange you are looking for. Does this appeal to you?
Actually, I'd prefer a [European] restaurant.
[Cambridge lodge restaurant] has good reviews and serves European food.
Please book for 1 person, sunday at [17:45].
I'm afraid they're full on Sunday at 17:45. Perhaps another day, or another time slot?
How about Sunday at [16:45] please for 1 person?
You are booked for Sunday at 16:45. Your reference number is 2W56MF47 . May I help you with something else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome! Have a nice day! Goodbye.


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria, which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range, is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system


Can you give me the address to the Parkside Police Station?
the address is Parkside, Cambridge, with postal code CB11JG
What is the police phone number, please?
The police phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, may I also please have the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you! good bye.
Have a good day!


Yes, I am looking for a nice place to stay while in town. The hotel doesn't need to include internet but I'd like it to include free parking if it's available.
There are 29 places matching that, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I would prefer the moderate price range please.
That narrows your choice to 14. Is there a type of hotel or location you prefer?
I am looking for one with a moderate price range possibly with free Wifi
The [Ashley Hotel] is in the north end and has a 2 star rating. Would you be interested in staying there?
Yes,can you book me a reservation ?
Of course! When would you like to stay?
We will be there wednesday, for 4 nights. I need a reservation for 7 people.
The Ashley is unavailable. I can book you at [Lovell lodge] though.
Okay let's try that and please get me a reference number.
Your booking was successful and your Reference number is 6Y6KP7A2 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the address of the hotel, please.
Their address is 365 milton road. Would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, please. That would be great in case I get lost.
The phone number is 01223425478.
That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!
Happy I could help. Bye!


I am looking for a place with free parking, Internet is not required.
Alright, there about 30 or so hotels that would work. Did you prefer a certain area or price range?
I don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but I am looking for a place that's a guesthouse.
alright, that narrowed the results down to 21 guesthouses. is there a star rating you are particularly interested in?
There really isn't any particular star rating I'm interested in.
May I suggest the [Acorn Guest House]? It's moderately-priced in the north.
Please tell me its star rating, phone number and address.
The guesthouse has 4 stars. The address is 154 chesteron road. The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like for me to book it?
yes, it is perfect
What day will you be arriving? I also need to know how many people there will be and how long you will be staying.
There will be 8 of us and I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the center for 11:15 on Saturday. Please send me the reference number.
Let's get your hotel booked first. I will need to know how many days you'd like to stay and what day you want to begin your stay please.
I'll book the hotel myself, but I would like a restaurant reservation. Someplace moderately priced in the center of town.
There are 21 moderately priced restaurants near the centre. Do you have a type of cuisine in mind?
Not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the centre would be ideal.
How does [the copper kettle] sound? It is moderately priced in town centre and serves british food. Can I reserve a table for you?
That's fine. Could you book a table for 8 people at [11:15]. I need a reference number. I also need a taxi between both places arriving at the booked time.
It's booked. Reference number is 6JC8SK3S . Your taxi will arrive at 11 it's a red skoda with contact number 07950328037
Thank you. Will it take more than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the restaurant?
No, your departure is at 11:00 and you will arive by 11:15. Is there anything else I can assist with you today?
No. I believe that will be everything. Thank you.
Thank you and please contact us again if you have any questions.


I am looking for an expensive hotel in Cambridge with free wifi.
Do you have a preferred location?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the east.
There are no expensive guesthouses in the east, though I do have some more moderately-priced ones. The A and B Guesthouse is very nice.
Hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? Ok, well how about an expensive hotel room instead?
[express by holiday inn cambridge] is for you. Their phone number is 01223866800. Shoul I reserve a room for you?
Yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is F9AFSWLA . Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. You certainly can help. I need to leave kings lynn to go to go to Cambridge by train.
OK, I have some information for you, will that also be on saturday and what time?
Yes the same day, I'd like to arrive by [14:30].
There are 9 options here. TR7178 arrives by 13:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please do. Just for 1 person. And give me the reference number too.
Alright, your reference number is HYXMZ1UN . Do you need more help?
I'm good to go now actually! Thanks so much! Au revoir!
I'm glad to be of service, have a wonderful day!


Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant, please.
I have 22 results for cheap restaurants, are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
I want a restaurant that serves [turkish] food
Unfortunately, I do not see any results for cheap turkish restaurants, would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
How about [Italian] food instead?
I have 5 results that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you want to be in?
No, just give me the phone number and address for your favorite, please!
My favorite is Zizzi cambridge. Their phone number is 01223365599 and they are located in the centre at 47-53 Regent Street. Anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to Peterborough.
Ok, can you tell me your departure city and if you have a time you need to leave or arrive in Peterborough?
I need to arrive by [18:00] and depart from Cambridge.
I have about 20 possibilities for your arrival time. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, just as close to 18:00 as possible. What is the price of the train?
Train TR5473 departs at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would that work for you? The price of the ticket is 13.20 pounds.
Yes, thank you for the information.
Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket for that train.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 16VGQU3H . Anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all. Thank you.
Thank you.


Can you find information about nightclubs?
Yes, would you like to find a nightclub in the centre or south part of town? Most of them are in the centre.
Location doesn't really matter. Is there an entrance fee?
Yes, all of the listed entrance fees are 5 pounds. The Club Salsa is nice.
[Club Salsa] sounds right up my alley. Can I get the address and phone number please?
Club Salsa's address is 1 Station road and their phone number is 07782218745.
Okay, great! Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That's it.
Have fun! Goodbye!


I am looking for a place to stay. I want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
I can help with that! What area will you be staying in?
Any area in Cambridge is fine, but I want the hotel to have a 2 star rating.
There are a few different options for that. What price range would you prefer?
Something moderately priced would be ideal, please.
I'd recommend ashley hotel on 74 chesterton road. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. For 4 nights on Tuesday for 7 people please.
I will book you for the Ashely Hotel,ok ?


Hello, can you tell me about some [Asian Oriental] restaurants in the centre?
There are several. Would you like a list of all of them, or do you have a preferred price range?
Would you please recommend one?
I recommend [j restaurant]. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people at [13:45] on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9Z2BJHO4
I am will need a train.
Okay, what day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same Friday.
The TR8519 train leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52
make a booking for the same group of people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J71IZZAE . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need reservation for food.
Do you know what kinda of food you want.
No, don't worry about it. I already got a reservation earlier. That is all I need.
Thank you for using our service today.


I can't wait to get there and see some of the local attractions. I am looking for a place to stay. Can you help me?
I sure can! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. It also needs to have 4 stars and free parking.
I have several nice guest houses that fit your request. What part of town do you prefer?
I am pretty indecisive so none. Can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Your reservation at [limehouse] for this tuesday for 3 days 2 nights for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : OVCFXDNP .
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed help with today.
You are welcome.


Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?
what is the name of the restaurant?
The name of the restaurant is [City Stop Restaurant]. Can you book a table for me?
I'd be happy to. Can you tell me what day for the reservation?
Thursday please, for 3 people at [15:15].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AWV50VGM .
Great I also need to find a place to stay with a star rating of 5 and includes free wifi.
There are no stars but there are several stars. would you like a room in one of them?
I don't understand. I'm looking for a 5-star hotel. In the moderate price range, preferably.
There is no 5 star hotels in the area. There are 17 4-star hotels, though. Want to book one of them?
Yes that will be fine.
May I recommend the very popular 4 star Kirkwood House located in the north part of town with free wifi and parking?
Sorry, I'm looking for a 5 star hotel.
I'm sorry, but there really are no 5-star hotels in any part of town. How would you like to proceed?
Can you check for 4 stars instead please?
There are several with four starts. I would recommend the acorn guest house.
Thanks very much! What is their postcode and phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353888 and their postcode is cb41da.
Did they have free parking?
yes they have free parking
Okay, that's great to know. Thanks! I won't be needing anything else today.
You're welcome, have a great day.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with [itermediate deoendancy area department]
You can contact that department by calling 01223348144.
Thank you. Could you please get me the address for the hospital?
Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ there
Great, thanks for your help.
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
That is all Thank you
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day and do call us again.
Thanks, I will. Bye bye. Take care.
You take care too and be safe.


Hello, are there any attractions on the eastside?
Yes, there's entertainment, museums, boats, swimming pools, parks, multiple sports. Would you like information on a particular attraction?
What is the entrance fee for the parks?
The park is free it's called cherry hinton water play would you like the address?
No, but are there any cheap [Korean] restaurants?
There is one Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
I would like a restaurant in the cheap price range
I am sorry but there are no Korean restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
How about one that serves [Asian Oriental] food? Could I have the phone number?
I would recommend the [Dojo Noodle Bar]. Their phone number is 01223363471. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, I am happy to book you at Dojo. What time would you like to book and for how many people in the party?
Whenever is fine, just for me.
I can book you at [10:00] in the morning if you like. Is there a particular day of the week you had in mind?
i did not have any in mind
To brighten up your Monday I have you booked at dojo noodle bar.
Thank you for such great customer service. I am set for now. Goodbye.
You are most welcome and thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve [european] food.
There are 5 that fit your criteria, 3 in the centre of town are eraina, michaelhouse cafe, darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west.
What do you recommend?
I personally recommend [Eraina]. Would you like a table booked?
Yes please, can I get a table for 6 at [13:45] on Tuesday?
Sure thing, you are booked with ref. # RC9WCTWX .
Thanks so much. Have a nice day. .
My pleasure. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a fantastic day!


I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge. Do you have any?
Yes, there are quite a few. Is there a day and time you would like to travel?
Yes, leaving on Sunday at [10:00] AM
The best time matching your criteria is a departure from Ely at 11:35. Will that do?
I'm sorry, my travel day is actually Thursday, not Sunday. I need to arrive by [14:45].
I have a train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please make reservations.
Your reference number is : MUBTUUTM . Can I help with anything else?
Did you book for 5 people? Is there a train that arrives closer to but before 14:45? Thanks.
I apologize about that. The closest I can get you there is on train TR4992 which will arrive at [13:52]. Would you like me to book it for 5 people?
yes with reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IPO23Y22 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a cheap [mediterranean] restaurant in the centre
There is one matching result. It is [the gardenia]. Do you want me to book something there?
yes please, for 5 people at [20:15] on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HWJS11KB . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that will be all.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi, I'm looking for an upscale hotel. Could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area?
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is available in the west part of town and looks upscale.
Does it have a star of 4 and free parking?
Yes. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, most likely. Can you provide me with the postcode of the hotel please?
Yes, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, that will be all.
Thanks!


Hi. I am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. Can you help me find one?
There are 21 options available. Do you have any other preferences to narrow down the search?
Sure, how about an expensive, four star guest house?
It doesn't look like we have any expensive 4 star guesthouses. There are some which are moderate if you are interested.
Moderate will do. Can you give me more information please?
The [Archway House] is very nice. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes and can i get the reference number?
What day would you like to check in at the guesthouse?
I would like to check in on saturday. We would need 4 nights for 8 people.
I have booked you at the archway house. The reference number is 61O3SUCK . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I get the phone number and address for the [Cambridge and County Folk Museum]?
The phone number for the cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 castle street. Anything else?
No, that will be all.
I have booked you. Thank you. Goodbye.


I was looking for a [chinese] place in Cambridge.
We have several Chinese restaurants in the city center, is that where you were looking to eat?
Yes, the city centre was where I was planning to go.
Jinling Noodle Bar is my favorite! It is moderately priced and in the Centre. Would you like to book a table?
That would be fine I need the phone number, postcode and address please.
The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre cb23pp. The phone number is 01223566188.
Thanks! I also need a train after [14:45] on Saturday.
Ok, and where will you be traveling to?
Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
TR1031 leaves at 15:11. Does that work for you?
Yes that works please book for 5 people.
You are set, reference number is 5S55128O, any other questions
No thanks. You were very helpful. Until next time. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you tell me what theatres are in cambridge please?
We have four theatre's in the centre of town and one theatre on the south side. Do you have a preference on location?
I'm interested in the one on the south side of town. Please provide me their postcode and phone number.
Phone number is 01223511511, and postcode is cb17gx
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving for cambridge from leicester that would get me there by [11:30]?
Several, do you have a day you're interested in travelling on?
Yes I'd like to travel on Friday.
There are 5 trains that fit your needs. May I book one of them for you?
Sure, for 8 people please.
TR4170 leaves leicester at 9:09 and arrives in cambridge on Friday at 10:54. 8 tickets are booked, reference #: CL4V2583 . Do you need further help?
No, that is it, thanks!
Your welcome, have a great day


I'm looking for places to go in the west of town.
What type of place are you looking for?
Anything is fine, just be sure and let me know if there is an entrance fee.
Queens' college is great. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need a train to stevenage on thursday.
Where are you heading out of? And what time are we looking at?
I am departing cambridge leaving after [17:15]
How does the 17:21 departure on the TR4765 sound?
That's great I need to make a booking for 6 people
Sure! I have placed a booking for 6 people on the train departing Cambridge to Stevenage at 17:21. The total cost of travel is 78.8 pounds. Your confirmation number is 3UASOJDN .
Perfect! Thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


I need a place to stay please. A guesthouse would be great.
[Acorn guest house] has good ratings would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north? I need to be in the north area of the city.
Yes, Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guest house with free internet and free parking in the north part of town. Should I book it for you?
Yes, please book starting Thursday for 4 people and for 4 nights.
I'm sorry, there were no rooms available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Could you try another hotel in the same price range and, if you make a reservation, give me the reference number?
Will you be needing free parking?
I do not need free parking.
Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range, are you looking to book in that pricerange then?
Yes, that would be fine, moderate price range.
The Acorn is not available but I went ahead and booked the [alpha-milton guest house]. Your reference number is SJZ9ZJ8V .
Good. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [Eritrean] food.
There is not a restaurant serving Eritrean food listed. Would you like something else?
Yes, are there any restaurants that serve [italian] food?
There are five cheap restaurants that serve Italian food. What area would you like to search?
I do not have a preference.
Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the Centre part of town.
I need their address and phone number please
The phone number for Ask is 01223 364917, and they are located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!


Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
Do you know if you want a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse.
There are two guestshouses available. I would recommend [alexander bed and breakfast]!
Awesome. That's all I needed.
If I can help you with any other information. Please let me know?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for that B and B?
Yes, the postcode is cb12de. Would you like to book it?
Hmm, not right now. I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday. Can you help?
I sure can. There are many trains available that day. Can I get your point of departure please?
I am leaving from Leicester after [12:45].
The train leaving closest to your departure time is at 13:09. The cost is 37.80 pounds and it will arrive by 14:54. Shall I book a ticket for you?
Please. I need a reservation for 5 people and would like a confirmation number.
Your tickets have been reserved and the total price is 189 pounds. Reference number is SPYIC5K8 . Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today.
Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thank you, I think that will be all for today!
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


I need some tourist information please. I need to know about a hotel called the [arbury lodge] guest house.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north area and has a moderate pricerange. It is 4 stars and has free parking and internet.
I would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
Good news I was able to get this for you. Reference I4DXHDJL . Can I help you find other things to do in the area as well?
I am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the South area of town.
There are two Chinese, one Indian, one Italian, and one Mexican restaurants. Which of those would you like?
I would like the [Italian] place please.
[Frankie and Benny's] is an expensive restaurant which is expensive would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at [18:30] and give me the reference number
Your booking is complete and the reference number is VVBM497N .
I will also need a taxi, please.
Where would you like your taxi to pick you up and drop you off?
I want to be picked up at the hotel and dropped off at the restaurant.
And what time would you like the taxi?
I want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by [18:30].
black bmw Contact number : 07631265313 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that'll be all for now. Thank you have a good day.
Okay, goodbye I hope you enjoy your time in town!


I would like to go and visit Leicester. Do you think you can help me find a train to get me there?
Sure! There are plenty of trains going to Leicester. What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.
Perfect. What day would you like to travel on? Do you need to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I will be traveling on Sunday and would like to arrive by [08:30] please.
The first train leaves at 06:21 and arrives at 08:06. How many tickets would you like please?
I need it for eight people, please.
Great! You're booked on TR9187 with reference number MJJ7J6CV . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes! I also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the north. It should have plenty of free parking for my fancy car.
I am sorry, there are no expensive guest houses in the north with free parking. Would you like to try another area?
Then how about one that is in the cheap price range?
There are 2 options. City Centre north has a rating of 0 stars and Worth House has a rating of 4 stars. Would you like me to book either of them?
[Worth House] sounds good. Thank you.
I'll be happy to book a room for you. How many nights and how many people?
I actually just needed the information. That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.
Sure,thanks for using this service.


I'd like to find a restaurant serving [Christmas] food.
I'm sorry, there is no restaurant listed serving Christmas food. Would you like to try something else?
How about [indian] food?
cocum serves indian food, in the expensive price range and in the west part of town
What's the address for [cocum]?
Cocum's address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
You're quite welcome. Goodbye.


Are there any restaurants in the centre that offer [Austrian] cuisine?
I am sorry, I have not found any Austrian restaurants in the area. Would you like to look for a different cuisine?
No, thank you.
Will that be all for today?
No how about trying to look for [Chinese] food?
There are 17 options for chinese, anything i can do to narrow that down for you?
I would like one that is moderately priced.
There are three Chinese places in the centre with a moderate price range. May I suggest The [Jinling Noodle Bar]?
That sounds great. Can you make a reservation for Thursday for 8 guests at [16:45] please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is BVTK5H3X . Do you need assistance with anything else?
Great, thanks! And yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the centre and with free wifi.
Is there a certain price range or rating you would like? Or would you like me to make a recommendation?
No particular price range. Yes, I would appreciate a recommendation.
How about the [gonville hotel]? It has free wifi and parking.
That would be fine please book that for 4 nights on the same day and for the same people.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : MP576WVK .
Thank you for all your help.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful with the restaurant and lodging. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
Certainly. When would you like to depart?
Sometime after [12:15] on Saturday, please.
Where would you like to depart from?
From Leicester. There will be 6 of us. And I'll need a reference number as well.
TR0662 departs at 13:09 and arrives at 14:54 cost is 30.24 pounds per person, before I book you for 6, can I once more confirm this is ok?
that is right. also find me a please to stay.
We have 33 fine places to stay all over Cambridge. Is there a certain area or price range you had in mind?
Pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and I would like free parking. Could I get the reference number for the train please?
VKJGWFNR is the referance number for the train. There are also several hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to recommend one?
yes but it should include free wifi
If you would like to stay in the east, I recommend the [carolina bed and breakfast]. It's on 138 perne road. Would you liek me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights.
great, ref # is 33TX20TD, anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.


I'm looking for a hotel in the centre with free parking.
I have a few hotels with free parking. Do you want me to go through the whole list with you?
No, you don't have to do that. Can you recommend a 5 star hotel?
There are no 5 star hotels in the centre with free parking. There are two four star hotels, though. Does cost concern you?
Is there one with a four star rating?
There are two 4 star places, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
Can you suggest one please? And I need a postcode.
The alexander bed and breakfast is cheap and the postcode is cb12de. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you tell me about the 4 star hotel instead?
Sure. The University Arms Hotel is on Regent Street in the centre of town. It is 4 start and expensive. Is their any other information I can provide?
I am also interested in a place to dine. I would like to have [Asian Oriental] cuisine.
What is the price range for you?
It's a special dinner, so expensive is fine. I need a postcode and address with that recommendation please. Thanks so much!
Sure, did you have a specific kind of cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for an Asian Oriental place in the same area as the hotel.
There are four restaurants in that area that fit that criteria.
4 expensive asian restaurants? Well if so pick the one you'd recommend. Oh and get me the postcode and address.
I recommend Kymmoy in the centre. It's located on 52 Mill Road.
Thanks, that's all I needed today.
Alright, have a lovely day and goodbye.


Can you give me information about [Cambridge Artworks], please?
Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east located at 5 Greens Road and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That sounds pretty neat. My daughter is really into the arts. Can I get their phone number please?
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a 4 star hotel as well.
Are you looking for lodgings near Cambridge Artworks, or in a different part of the City?
I'd rather stay in the centre if possible.
What would you like to pay per night?
Any would be fine. I just need to know the price range.
cheap and moderate are the price ranges would you like to book a room?
Just the four star and hotel, tell me what my price options are with that one.
Thank you, what is the address?
I am unsure of the address, can you look it up?
There are no 4 star hotels in the center area.
Hmm are you sure about that? Can you check again?
I double checked. There are no 4 stars hotels in the center area.
Can you suggest one in that area?
Im sorry, I am the manager and it is training day, we have two four star hotels in the centre university arms is expensive and alexander bed and breakfast is cheap?
Thanks I only needed the price ranges for those hotels. Have a good day.
Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.


I'm looking for a guesthouse in the centre of town. Can you find one for me?
El Shaddai is located at 41 Warkworth Street. They offer free internet and parking.
How many stars does El Shaddai have, I'm looking for a place that is at least a 3 star location?
El shaddai has 0, but alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating.
It's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. Are there any hotels that match that description?
The [Gonville Hotel] is a hotel, not a guest house, but it has 3 stars and is in the city centre. Will that work for you?
That will work. Can you make a reservation for 8 people, please?
Yes, what dates would you like me to reserve that for?
Starting Sunday and for 3 nights please.
How many people will be staying at the hotel?
For 8 people please. Can I also get the reference number?
Yes I am happy to say I was able to book that hotel for you. The reference number is KVV2ZTNK .
Great, I'm also looking for something to do in that same area. What is available?
There are many attractions in the centre area, are you interested in architecture, museums, parks, nightclubs, swimming pools?
Just surprise me with something.
The all saints church is a terrific site for architecture buffs. It's on Jesus Land and has free admission.
Can you tell me their postcode?
The post code is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me? I'd like to leave The [Gonville Hotel] by [24:00], going to [All Saints Church].
Sure, I've booked a red honda for you. Its contact number is 07371414690.
Thank you, you have been very helpful. I think that is all I need.
You are welcome, enjoy the church. Goodbye.


I would like to know the location and types of museums that are in Cambridge, can you give me more information?
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Is there a particular part of town you're looking for?
I do not have a preference on area.
Would you like a free entrance fee or paid?
It doesn't matter just pick a great one for me, and I'll need the postcode for the museum that you recommend for me.
Cambridge artworks is found in the East. Their postcode is cb13ef.
i also need a train on monday leaving from cambridge and arriving by [17:00].
There is a train leaving cambridge and going to kings lynn at 16:58 Monday will that train work for you?
No. I need to go catch a plane.
Would the train that arrives at 15:58 work better for you?
Yes, that would work. Can I get a price and a departure time please?
It departs at 15:11, price is 9.80 per pound, the train ID is TR9468.
Thank you for your help!
you're very welcome. enjoy your visit.


I am looking for information on a place called [Bridge Guest House]. Can you help me?
OK, it is a 3-star moderately priced guesthouse in the south. It offers free parking and WiFi to guests. Do you need more info?
No, that's all I need.
its available shall i book it for you ?
No thank you. But can you tell me if there's a restaurant called [cocum] in town?
Yes, there is. It's an expensive indian restaurant in the west. Did you need a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation, please? Can we make it for Saturday at [16:00] for 7 people?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P98ZTJBU . anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a good day and enjoy your visit!


Could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free WiFi?
I have four hotels listed that fit your criteria ranging in price from cheap to expensive. What price range are you looking for?
Price doesn't matter, really. But I would like to get free parking too, in addition to the wifi please.
All 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses match your needs. May I recommend the [Cambridge Belfry]?
Is that a hotel? I need a hotel and not a guesthouse.
Yes, it is a hotel. Can I book it for you?
That would be great, thanks. We'll be arriving on Sunday.
How many people are staying, and for how many days?
6 people for 4 nights.
Sorry but I was unable to book. Do you wanna change the day you book or the number of days?
How about two nights?
Yes, that did it. Your reference number is X5XFGMK0 . Can I assist you with any other plans today?
Thanks so much. That's it for today. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a cheap hotel on the east.
I have listings for 3 guesthouses would that be okay?
Can you give me one that has free wifi and free parking?
The 3 guesthouses mentioned all have free wifi and parking. I recommend the Allenbell.
The [Allenbell] sounds perfect. Can you book it for me for tuesday?
How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights please.
How many people would you like to book for?
My party will consist of 5 people. May I please get a reference number?
Your booking at the Allenbell was successful. Your reference number is PV039AJH .
I also need a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.
Okay what day will you be travelling and what time would you like to travel?
Tuesday, I want to arrive at [20:15].
The latest train gets into Cambridge on tuesday is at 18:43. Will that work for you?
It might, what time does the train depart?
It leaves at 17:54, would you like a booking?
No thanks. That was all I needed to know. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. It doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the centre.
I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouse that fit your requirements, do you have a price range preference?
Do any of them have free parking?
Yes, I have two guesthouses in the cheap range, and two hotels in the expensive range, all in centre with free parking. Would you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
Yes, what are their star ratings? I'd like one with a 4-star rating.
I see two with a 4 star rating in the centre. One is a guesthouse and one is a hotel.
The hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights, starting Monday?
Booking at [university arms hotel] was successful. Your reference number is UUZVCFBQ . Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thanks.
Thank you , let us know if you need more help.Bye.


I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by [14:45] and should leave on Saturday.
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to leave Cambridge and go to London Liver Pool.
There are 5 trains running on saturday that will meet your needs. Would you care to book tickets for one?
I actually just need to know the price of a ticket please
The price of one ticket is 13.28 pounds. May I assist further in any way?
No thanks, that was all I was hoping to find out! Have a good day!
Okay, great, I hope you have a nice day too!


Hi. I'm looking for a train coming from london liverpool street and arriving by [14:00].
What day will you be traveling on?
I'll be travelling on Thursday.
There is a train that leaves at 5:39.
That sounds great. Can I book one seat for that train?
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RQWKODYJ . Is there anything else I can do to assist?
I'm also looking for information on a attraction called [downing college].
Oh yes, Downing College. It is located in the centre of town on Regent Street and It is free to visit. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need their phone number.
That phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That is all I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today.


Hi, where can I find Addenbrookes Hospital?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need a particular department?
No but I need the phone number
Their general phone number is 01223245151. Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Bye, thanks for using our service today.


Hi there, can you help me with some upcoming plans? I am looking for places to go.
Yes, there are many attractions what kind of places are you interested in?
I'm looking for a nightclub.
There 6 nightclubs in town. There are 5 in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference in area?
Not really. Let me have the postcode for the one in the south then.
The postcode for The Place is cb23hg.
Is there an entrance fee?
Theres is a 10lb entra=nce fee, do you want me to book it for you ?


Can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to cambridge?
Of course! What day will you be traveling?
I need to travel on Friday and arrive by [19:45].
There are 13 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by?
No, I said I need to arrive by 19:45 already.
18:54 is the latest on tr5154 shall i book it ?
Could you let me know the cost?
Yes, the price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I'm looking for info on a [bridge guest house].
It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse in the south. Would you like a room?
No, i don't need a booking yet. I just would like the address please.
The address is 151 Hills Road. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Nothing more, thank you. That's all I need for today.
Ok, thank you for calling and feel free to call again if you should need anything further.


am looking for a train,it should leave [after 14:15] and should depart from [london kings cross]
Is your destination Cambridge or another location?
Yes, my destination is [cambridge].
What day would you like that train? The TR8842 train departs Friday at 15:17 would you like me to book?
I need the arrival time
The arrival time is 16:08.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


Hi, I want a [Tuscan] restaurant that's expensively priced.
I'm sorry, there are no Tuscan restaurants in the expensive price range. Would you like to try something else?
How about [korean] food?
[Little Seoul] is an expensive restaurant in the Centre area. Would you like the address?
Yes please.
The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any further information?
No, thank you.
enjoy your meal!


Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?
There are many options. Do you have any preferences on type of food?
Could you recommend one for me and help me make a booking for sunday?
How about [Midsummer House Restaurant], it serves British food in centre. How many people are in your party?
I have 4 people in my party. Can I book a table for [17:00] on Sunday?
I booked that, and your reservation number is RBYPR70C . Do you need any more information about the restaurant?
I also need places to go that are in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of architecture.
Does a entrance fee make any difference?
No, I would just like to know what the fee is, if any?
The old schools has a free entrance fee.
That's great. I think we'll try that out. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.
No problem. Thanks for using our service today.


I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the centre. Can you help me?
I'll recommend [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] that is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223525725
Can you book a room for me and send me the reference number please.
how long will your stay be?
We are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning Saturday.
I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know how many people will be staying?
There will be 7 people staying.
I have successfully booked 2 nights for 7 people at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is D4MCY7TT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. We are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.
The [Vue Cinema] is in the centre area.
What is the postcode and entrance fee.
I'm not showing a listed entrance fee. Their postcode is cb11ps.
Great! Can I book a taxi? I need to leave the hotel by [17:30].
Look for a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07825644366. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for you help. Have a great day.
Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!


i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve [swedish] food.
Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Swedish cuisine in the Cambridge area. Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Darn. How about trying a [Portuguese] place?
Yes! You can try [n[andos] city centre]. Need a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table on Friday for 1 person at [17:45] please?
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is RYED8GWK . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for entertainment.
what about the junction? it's a theater near the south
[The junction] works, could I have their phone number and address?
Of course. The junction is located on clifton way. The phone number is 01223511511.
thank you that will be all
Have a great time and enjoy!
Actually, can I get a taxi to go from [the junction] to the restaurant?
Alright, I've booked you a taxi that will get you to Nando's by your reservation time. It will be a yellow Lexus, and your contact number is 07362117815. Anything else?
No, that's really everything this time, I promise. Thanks again!
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am in the centre of town and am looking for a restaurant. Ideally it would be in the expensive price range.
We have many different types of restaurants that fit that description including Chinese, British and other styles. Any preferences?
[Chinese] food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on Sunday at [17:45]?
Perfect, I was able to book you a table at the [Ugly Duckling], your reference number is IEFD0UBX . Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to go. I would like to go to a college in the same area of town as the restaurant.
Perfect! Christ's College is located in the centre of town on Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee. Their phone is 01223334900.
Thank you. That was all I needed.
Great. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a nice day!


I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves [African] food in the centre
Have you tried bedouin? I can make a reservation, if you like.
I'm looking for something expensive. Is [bedouin] expensive?
Yes, they are. It's a great place. They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Table for 2, on Sunday at [11:30].
Your reference numbeer is 05613G8F . Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be it. Thanks and goodbye.
Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.


I need to take a train on Saturday
I can help you with that. Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm headed to cambridge and the train needs to leave after [9:45].
I have found 149 trains available. Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from stansted airport. Can you book me a train for 3 people and provide a reference number?
Sure, the train leaves at 10:24, Reference number is MEFVDBWF . What else can I help with today?
I am looking for the [Cambridge Book and Print Gallery]
The Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum in the west area, located at 49 Newnham Road.
That'll be everything. Thank you!
You are welcome, goodbye.


Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Sure! What restaurant are you looking for?
I'd like a restaurant in the centre in the moderate price range, what can you recommend?
Personally, I think the [Yippee Noodle Bar] is a lot of fun. They serve Asian Oriental.
Sounds good to me. Please book for one, [16:30] on Thursday.
Great your reservation was successful and your reference number is MXJRF0K1 .
Thank you. I also need to find out about trains.
What is your destination and the day you will be traveling?
I would like to travel to Cambridge on Thursday.
Just so I can get you accurate information, what's your departure location and time?
I would like to depart from Peterborough on Thursday. I am pretty open as to departure time, but need to arrive by [08:30].
I have the TR7094 which will get you there by 08:09, how many ticket please?
Just for one person please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : A9EBXB7W . Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need. Good bye.
Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great time!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
sure, do you need a train to get here?
Yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after [10:30] please?
TR8331 leaves at 11:11 and arrives 11.58. can i book this one for you?
Yes please, I need 3 tickets and the reference number.
Alright, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is: 3LS7FBU8 . Anything else I can get you?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi.
We have lots of hotels! Any part of town you'd prefer?
I do not have a preference on area.
Are you on a budget?
No. I would prefer something expensive and with free wifi.
Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel?
is that a guest house?
no, it's listed as a hotel. do you need a guesthouse?
Yes please.
I don't have any guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Would you be willing to stay in a hotel? Or can we search using different criteria?
No, I really want a guesthouse. What about something in the moderate price range?
in what area do you prefer?
i dont care about the area
There are 14 guesthouses in the city that meet your criteria. Let's see if we can narrow it down a little. Do you need internet or parking?
The hotel should include free wifi.
What area of town would you like to stay in?
i don't care, i already told you that.
And do you have a preference on the number of stars the establishment should have? I see both 3 and 4 star options.
I would prefer a four star can you send me some info on that?
Sure thing, I would suggest the [acorn guest house].
Give me their area and address
The Acorn Guest House is located in the north part of the city and their address is 154 chesterton road. Anything else for you today?
No. Thanks you. That's all. Goodbye
Thank you for calling our service today. Please let us know if we can assist you with your future needs. Goodbye!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
There are 69 places to eat in Centre. Do you have a specific type of food or price range you are wanting?
I'm looking for [European] food. This is a special dinner, so something expensive.
There are three restaurants in the centre that serve European food with an expensive price range. Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
book a table for 7 people at [14:45] on saturday, Make sure you get the reference number
There are three different places: [Eraina], Michaelhouse Cafe and Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. Which would you like me to book?
You can pick. I need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 14:45.
Eraina is perfect for your special dinner. Your table will be held for 15 minutes after your reserved time of 14:45. Your reference number is YQXGPLLY . Do you need anything else?
Great. I need to find a guesthouse that has free wifi and free parking, the better half is so cheap.
that's just fine, i actually have 21 options for you!
Can you please recommend one and book it for 4 nights?
[arbury lodge guesthouse] in the north is great. They are moderately priced, I can book you a room how many people are staying and when are you checking in?
The 7 of us will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights.
The booking for 7 is entered under the reference number ZW3FVVQZ . May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between dinner and the hotel. Can you please help me with the contact number and car type?
I can go ahead and do that for you. What time will you be leaving the restaurant?
Actually, I need to go from the hotel to dinner. I want to arrive at the restaurant by [14:45].
I have you booked in a yellow Honda, you can contact them at 07910205264. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need.
Thank you for contacting us today. Have a nice day.


I'd like something moderately priced please.
Do you care what type of food?
No, the type of food doesn't matter.
Yippee noodle bar serves [asian oriental] food in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar is 01223 518111.
Thank you for giving me the information . Good bye.
Goodbye.


Hello, I would like some information on a hotel called The [Bridge guest house], please.
It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse located in the south. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday for 3 nights. I will need the reference number too. Thanks.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is: OUF2UF6C .
Thank you. I also need to find entertainment in the south. What is available?
There are two leisure parks in that area, if you are interested in those. Otherwise if you had something more specific in mind I'd be more than willing to check.
That would be great. I need the phone number, address and entrance fee.
Tenpin can be reached at the number 08715501010. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, and entrance fee is unlisted
Okay, now I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to [Tenpin]. I want to leave at [07:30]. Please send the car type and contact number
I have you booked into a taxi, you can call them at 07622933733.
I will need to know the car type.
The car that will be arriving is a grey bmw.
Thanks. Well, I guess that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
No problem, thanks for letting us help you plan your trip. Have a great time!


I'm looking for a place to dine that serves [gastropub] food. I want it to be expensive.
We have 3 options in Cambridge for expensive gastropub food. Would you prefer a place in the centre or in the east?
I'd like to dine in the center of town, please.
I have two in the centre, the Backstreet bistro and The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Could you give me the address and phone number for the Slug and Lettuce please.
The slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 Green Street, postcode cb23ju. I'm sorry our system does not list their phone number. Is there anything else?
I wish you could provide their phone number. But other than that you've given me everything I need to know. Thank you goodbye.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I need to find a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives by [9:15]. Can you help?
What is your destination?
I'm traveling to Ely.
We can definitely help you with that, I just need to know the day you will be traveling.
For today, arriving by [21:15].
I'm sorry, I need to know the day you will be traveling.
I am departing on Sunday.
I have a train on Sunday that arrives at 20:07. Would that do?
That's perfect. Could you book it for 8 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LZLSJZ1K . Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?
Would you like me to book it for you ?
no booking yet for the restaurant. I want to eat at a restaurant that serves [thai] food. Do you have any?
[Bangkok City] serves Thai food, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 8 people at [11:00] on Sunday.
What day would you like to book the table for?
I just told you! sunday! Now please go on and book and send me the reference number
It seems that I can not reserve that at the moment. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
How about at [10:00] instead?
I will book your reservation for 10:00 on Sunday.
OK, please do that and get me the reference number.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: SDY23J83 .
That's all I need. Thanks for your help tonight.
Have a great night.


Please tell me where the restaurant [HK Fusion] is located. Thanks.
HK Fusion is at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
please reserve for me table for two for today luch. thank you
What time would you like lunch?
I just need the phone number for that place.
The phone number is 01223355909.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay in the North.
great! i have eleven options for you!
Great, I would like it to be a guesthouse and have 4 stars.
Okay I recommend the [Acorn Guest House].
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number?
Yes, the phone is 01223353888. Post code is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all for today. Have a great evening.
Enjoy your stay.


I'm interested in finding a [modern European] restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu.
I pulled up 3 restaurants. Two in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference on location?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at [11:30] on Wednesday? Thanks!
Of course! You're all set at the [Restaurant Alimentum] with reference number IA29XFXA . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. goodbye.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking to see the sights. Can you tell me about [Primavera]?
sure it's a museum located in the centre. would you like their phone number?
and the area and postcode too please
01223357708i is the phone, cb21sj is the postcodein the centry area
i also want a place to dine in the east
What area would you like to be on?
I already told you that, pay attention
I have 9 restaurants in the east. Do you have a food type or price preference?
Just something expensive, if you pay enough I'm sure the food is good regardless of the cuisine.
[Grafton Hotel Restaurant] is an expensive British restaurant. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Please book it for 5 people on Wednesday at [15:15].
You are all set for the grafton hotel restaurant on wednesday at 15:15 or 5 people. Your reference number is O1OT731L . Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all. Thank you!
your welcome! Have a nice day!


Hello, I am looking for a hotel called the [worth house]. Can you help me find it?
Absolutely. The Worth House is located in the north. It offers free wifi and parking. They are located at 152 Chesterton Road. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Worth House is a guesthouse.
Ok, that will be perfect. I think thats all I need. Bye!
Okay, have a great day!


I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while I'm in town.
Do you have a preferred section of town?
Not really, but I want free wifi and it should be 4 star.
I have several places. Are you sure you do not have an area you prefer?
It doesn't matter which area it's in. Which would you recommend?
A lot of people like [Autumn House] in the east part of town, they're very economically priced. Would you like me to book you a room?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?
I am afraid the hotel could not be booked. Is there another day you would like to book or maybe a shorter amount of time to stay?
Could you try it for 2 nights instead?
The booking was successful! Your reference number is PBU17G6I . Can I assist you with anything else?
No that is all I needed thank you very much! And enjoy the rest of the day!
I'm happy to help. Have a nice day too.


I'm looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the centre.
I have found 9 results for an Indian restaurant in the centre area, do you have a price preference?
An expensive indian restaurant located in the centre please.
[Saffron Brasserie] is located in the centre area. Would you like me to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, address and postcode please?
Yes. The address is Hills Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223354679. Their postcode is cb21la. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need some information about the train schedule. I want to leave on Saturday.
Sure thing what places and times would you like to travel?
I'm going to bishops stortford after work, after [21:15] would work.
I have two trains that leave after that time. One departs at 21:29 and the other departs at 23:29. Which would you prefer?
I would like to book the first one. Can you give me the price on that?
The price of that is 8.08 pounds.
Ok thank you for the information that's all I needed today.
ok have a great time


I'd like to know about a particular attraction.
I'll be happy to give you the information you need. What's the name of the attraction?
[museum of archaelogy and anthropology]. i want its phone number and area
That museum is located at the city centre and the postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Do you have the phone number? I also need help finding a train.
The phone number is 01223333516.
Great. Can i get a train to bishops stortford on Thursday?
Yes I will take the first one abvailable,will you book it for me ?


I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
Ok, there are 44 different attractions in the centre. Any particular type?
Nothing particular. Maybe a cinema?
The [Vue Cinema] is exactly what you're looking for! It's located at The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you want any more information?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode?
Phone number is 08712240240 and postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at [15:15] on saturday. Type of food doesn't matter just in the same area as the attraction.
how about [bedouin]? it looks lovely
Sounds good. Please book
I've booked you at [bedouin] on Saturday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : OM74MYOM .
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by [15:15].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red ford Contact number : 07349747219
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Okay great let us know if you need anymore assistance.


I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge.
What is your destination and when would you like to leave?
I'm leaving cambridge and would like to leave after [11:00].
We have many trains that leave after 11:00. Where would you like to go and on what day?
I would like to go to stansted airport on wednesday please
There is a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Wednesday at 11:40.
Please book two seats on that train, and send me the reference number.
Booked! Your reference number is 89Q51FJW . The fee is 20.2 GBP and paid at the station.
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town. Any suggestions?
The cambridge contemporary art museum is free and located in the centre.
Thanks, that's very helpful. Oh, right, what postcode is it in?
The postcode for the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed for now. Thank you!
Have a good day and enjoy the museum!


Find me an [italian] place in the north
I have [da vinci pizzeria]. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can you book a table for 3 at [16:00] hours on saturday?
Done. Your reference number is 7LJ1OE8L .
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you need today?
im also looking for a train that arrives by [08:15] and leaves on tuesday
Certainly, where would you like to depart from, and what is your destination?
I will depart from Cambridge and arrive in Leicester.
TR2950 arrives at 08:06. Do you need a ticket?
Sure, can you book this for 3 people. I'll need a reference number please.
Okay, I have booked 3 tickets for TR2950. The reference number is RCS04ITK and the total fee will be 113.4 GBP.
Perfect thats all I needed thanks
You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I am all set, thanks.
You're very welcome! Bye!


Yes, hopefully you can help with my planning. I am looking for a place to stay.
I can help with that. What part of town will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to the north.
We have quite a few places in the North that you may enjoy staying, is there a particular price range you have in mind?
I would prefer something moderately priced.
I have several guesthouses and hotels that are located in the area that match your price range, did you have any other preferences?
Moderately priced, free parking in the north.
How about the Hamilton lodge?
Sure, could I get the phone number and postcode?
The postcode for the Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and the phone number is 01223365664.
Can you tell me if the Hamilton is a hotel or guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse


Hi. Help me with a train schedule, please.
I'd be happy to help. Let's start with a few questions; which station would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I am looking to depart from Cambridge, and I am going to London Kings Cross.
Okay, great. What day are you wanting to travel?
I would like to go on Wednesday.
how about TR3702 that leaves at 05:00?
That sounds great! I'd like to buy one ticket please.
Could you please confirm if you need to arrive by any particular time?
I really must arrive by [18:15] to make my meeting.
TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does this suit your needs?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and please give me the reference number.
Your reference number is KPVWZHWS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!


Are there any restaurants that serve [international] food?
The Missing Sock serves international food on the east side, and is cheap. Should I book a table?
I'd prefer something in the centre of town if that's an option.
The varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are both located in the centre of town.
[Bloomsbury] sounds nice. Can you book a table for 5 people at [12:15] on Wednesday?
Alright you're all booked. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please. Could I have it?
Of course. It's VB3GHYNL . Anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
Have a great day!


Can you please help me find a place to go?
I've found 79 places for you to go. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
I'd like a sports place in the centre please.
There are no results matching your query. Can I try a different area or type?
Okay, are there any cinemas in the centre?
we have vue cinema
Okay that will work. Can you please tell me their phone number, postcode and the entrance fee?
[Vue] can be reached at 08712240240, the postcode is CB11PS. I do not have entrance fee information, I'm sorry.
No worries, I'll give them a call and find out. Thanks so much for all your help, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good Bye


i need a taxi by [8:15] going to the [golden] hous
Great. And where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to be picked up at [holy trinity church]. If you've got it handy I'll be needing the car type and their contact number too, please.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue tesla Contact number : 07288413004


I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive [romanian] food.
No I'm sorry. Something else perhaps?
Is there one that serves [Chinese] instead?
I'm showing 9 entries throughout the area. Do you have a preference between center, north, east, or south?
I have no preference. I just need to book it for 8 at [12:45] on Thursday.
I have you booked at [Yu Garden]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: D6LEPNCC . Anything else I can do for you?
I guess that will do. How about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?
There are 44 attractions in the town centre. Do you have a preference on type?
Yes, I'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.
I'm sorry, there aren't any in the city centre? Do you have a different area I can check?
Is there any in the type of college? If so can I have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?
There are 13 different college attractions in the centre area. Most of them are free, however there are some with entrance fees. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, no. I'd just like something good.
[corpus christi] college is popular, they have an entrance fee of 2 pounds, the address is at king's parade and the number is 01223338000
Thanks, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant. I want to arrive by the booked time of [12:45]
I was able to book a blue volvo for you, contact number is 07163210966
No, I think that will do it. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.
You are welcome, have a great trip.


I'm looking for a dining establishment that serves [kosher], in the center of town.
We don't have any kosher restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That's a bummer. Thanks anyways
You are more then welcome. Wish I had better news. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any restaurants that have [north american] food?
yes there [gourmet burger kitchen] located in the centre. can i give you their phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?
Yes it is. Would you like any more information on it? I can book you a table if you would like.
Yes, I would like a table for 7 on Sunday. I want to eat at [18:15].
You're all booked! Your reference number is LVRG27YJ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm interested in visiting the [broughton house gallery].
The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre, free entrance, and the address is 98 King St. Anything else I can help you with?
do they have enough parking?
I don't have that information but there phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from [Broughton Gallery] to [Gourmet Burger Kitchen] by [18:15]?
How many people will be riding?
There are 7 in my group.
A black volvo is booked, contact number 070960620254. Maybe we should try a bus or train or another car since there are 7 in your group. Would you like another car?
Thanks a lot, goodbye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center
There are 33 entries that meet your request. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
No, I really don't mind. Recommend one to me.
How about [bedouin]? It is an african cuisine that is in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address and postcode?
The Bedouin's address is 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Okay. Have a great meal!


I'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.
There are three free museums, are these the ones you would like?
Sounds great. Could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
[Cambridge Artworks] 5 Greens Road cb13eg 012202168.
Thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?
Of course! Are you craving anything in particular?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.
I found 33 locations so i may better serve you what is your price range and area?
A guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.
it will be possible and i will find you one thanks a lot


I'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by [14:30].
ok, what is your destination?
Cambridge, I need to leave on tuesday too.
Five trains match your description. The first leaves at [05:35]. Do you want a seat on this train or on a later train?
This one will do. I will need to book for 4 people. Can I get the reference number once booked, please?
The booking was successful and your reference number is 2KELM023 .
i am also looking for a hotel called [aylesbray lodge guest house].
I can make you a reservation , how long do you plan on staying?
I need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
Your confirmation number is G1AP9UFL . Can I assist you with anything else?
Not at the moment. Thank you.
Okay, well, thank you for allowing me to help you. Enjoy your stay!
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hi, I'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the West end please
We have one cheap hotel and one cheap guesthouse. Both are rated four stars.
It doesn't have to have free parking. I guess you can find me one.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is in the west and has free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That sounds goo. Please go ahead.
I'd be happy to. How many days and how any people should I make the reservation for? Also, what day?
actually, i just need the phone number and postcard for the hotel.
Here is the address and post code back lane, cambourne cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also give me info on [tandoori palace], I hear that it rocks the house like mickey mouse.
Located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, in the west, it is an expensive indian restaurant.
Very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at [19:15] on thursday?
Your reservation for 5 people at the [Tandoori Palace] for this thursday at [19:15] was succesful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 8UISCCP3 .
I also would need a taxi to the restaurant by the booked time
You are book, look for a green 1986 yugo. Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they can be reached at 07867620886. Any other questions today?
That is all of the information that I need.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great - how can I help you?
I am looking for a moderately price place to stay while i'm there.
Do you have an area you prefer?
I would like to be in the west.
[hobsons house] meets your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good. I need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting wednesday.
your booking was successful. Reference number is : 32C66ISH .


Can you tell me the address to a [Chinese] restaurant in Cambridge?
There are several Chinese restaurants in town. Which specific part of town are you interested in?
I am looking for one on the east side. However I need a [indian] restaurant not chinese.
Sorry about that. I have 4 Indian restaurants on the east side. Do you have a price range you'd like to stay within?
any price range is ok. I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college
i do not have a place by your description. can we change location?
Let's actually find an Indian restaurant first. What areas of town have indian places?
There are Indian restaurants in the centre, south, east, north, and west. Do you have an area preference?
Preferably in the east. Would like the phone number. Also looking for colleges to visit and need to book a taxi for 1:15. I will need the number and car type.
I can help with all of those but first let's find a restaurant for you. Do you have a price range? There's 2 moderate and 2 expensive restaurants.
Price doesn't matter. What restaurant do you recommend?
Okay, how about [curry prince]? It is moderately priced and located in the east. Their phone number is 01223566388
Sounds good. Could you give me an idea of colleges I can visit whilst in Cambridge?
sure there's corpus christi, located in the centre and clare hall which is in the west.
Sure, let's do [Corpus Christi]. Could you get me a taxi from the restaurant to the college?
At what time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I want to leave the restaurant by [1:15].
Your booking is completed. A black skoda will be picking you up, their contact number is 07824442963. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all.
If you need anything else, please call us back. Have a great trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.


I could really use something to eat.
I have over 100 restaurants to choose from, would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range?
Expensive restaurant in the centre, please.
Any particular type of food you're hankering for?
Not really. Which is your favorite? I'll book that for [13:00] Thursday. There will be 6 of us.
I'm sorry, I have not found anything for that time yet. Can you choose another day or time please? Are you sure you don't have a preference for food type?
Let's try to book it for [12:00] then for 6 people on Thursday. I'll also need a reference number.
Which restuarant do you want to book at?
I'm not sure. Just something expensive. We are celebrating.
I booked you at [Curry Queen]. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is C06RJUNL .
Thank you for your help. This is all I needed.
You're welcome. Please come again if you need more help.


Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving [English] food.
No restaurant matching your description have been found.
How about find me a [turkish] one ?
There is one expensive Turkish restaurant in town: [Meze Bar] Restaurant.
Great! Where is it located?
It's in the centre of town, the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I would like to find a train going to Norwich.
Sure, I have a lot of options for you. What time do you need to arrive by? And on which day.
Thursday, leave after 21:15. Depart from cambridge.
The TR9937 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, for 2 people.
Yes the booking was successful and your reference number is YHNS4EJ1 .
i also want a place to go in the north side of town
Do you want an attraction or a restaurant?
An attraction please. Something in the north please.
What kind of attraction interests you? You can choose from boat, swimmingpool and park
Whatever you recommend. I just need the name, number, post code and entrance fee.
Milton Country Park is a beautiful place. Phone number 01223420060, postcode cb46az and it is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I only needed that.
Glad I could help you today thanks for using our service.


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address and food?
La margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range. Their address is 15 magdalene street City Centre
Thank you.
You are welcome


I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.
What price range are you looking for?
Expensive and in the north please.
My system is not pulling up any guesthouses in the north with free wifi and expensive in price. Would you like to adjust your criteria?
Can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?
I have several moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have a star preference?
Not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. I'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. Can you book it for me? There's 4 in my party.
The booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number please.
The reference number is GF89WKAB, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a place to eat that serves [british] food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
which side of town do you prefer?
Doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?
I recommend [travellers rest] on the west side of town, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Sure. Can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at [17:15]? And give me the reference number please.
Your reservation is booked, and the reference number is I2WJ41ZB . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi as well.
I need to know which two locations you are going between and your time of travel please.
I need the taxi to get us from [the hotel] to the restaurant before the booked time please.
I need the time of travel, name of departure, name of arrival destination please.
Well it's going to be from our hotel to Travelers Rest restaurant by [5:15].
How many people will be in the taxi?
Four people will be riding in the taxi.
A white honda will pick you up at [Acorn Guest House] and take you to Traveller's Rest so that you arrive by 05:15. The driver's phone number is 07854671215
Thank you for your help, that is all.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I need a train leaving after [11:00] on wednesday if you can help me.
Certainly. Where would you like to go?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
I have TR4604 leaving at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please make a booking for 1 people.
I was able to book you for train TR4604. The total fee is 16.6 GBP. The Reference number is : IG31YH6P .
I need to find a place to stay.
Okay what is your price range?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks
We have many to choose from! Is there an area in town you want to stay in?
I'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. Do you have some with those specifications?
there are nine places that are cheap guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. if you know an area i can narrow it down or i can suggest one.
I am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.
okay when are you planning your stay so I can book the room
I Need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. I would like it to be a hotel.
I'm sorry, but your message is ambiguous. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse.
Would you like me to book it for you and get a reference number ?


Howdy, I'm looking for a [British] restaurant for breakfast.
There are several British restaurants available. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please.
Five restaurants match your criteria. Four are in Centre area and one is in the West. Which area would you prefer?
I would like the Center of town please.
How about The [Copper Kettle]?
Is it in the expensive price range? If so, could you book me a table for 3 people at [19:30] for Wednesday?
considering that, i have 3 options in the expensive range if that's what you prefer.
Yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an expensive price range.
What other criteria?
I need a place to eat. British, expensive in the Centre.
I'd recommend the [fitzbillies restaurant] on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on wednesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZL5U9Q4Q . Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in please.
What area of town would you like to stay?
I'd like a place in the west with free parking.
Do you have a star rating you prefer? If not, I would suggest Hobsons House with a 3 star rating. Nice place.
[Hobsons House] sounds good. Can you give me the phone number?
[hobsons house's] phone number is 01223304906. Is there anything further I can do for you today?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, please.
What time do you want to leave at?
No specific departure time, but I would like to arrive by [19:30] please.
You are all set! You will be picked up in a blue tesla and their contact number is 07857104689. Is there anything else you need?
No that's is. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
You're very welcome! Have a great day, and let us know if there's anything you need in the future.


I'm looking for a [seafood] restaurant in the centre.
Sure thing! There is the [Loch Fyne] restaurant in that area that you may enjoy. Would you like more information?
That sounds great. Can you book me a table there for 3 people?
They seem to be booked solid for the next week, which is all I can book for. Their phone number is 01223362433, if you would like to call for a reservation.
Is there any other restaurant that you could try for me before I call myself?
Is there a different cuisine you would be willing to try? Asian or Italian maybe?
As long as the [seafood] restaurant is in the centre I am fine with [18:00] and I need the reference number. I need a train arriving at Cambridge by [08:00].
What day will you be wanting to dine?
I'm dining on Saturday.
Loch fyne is a great seafood place. I have booked a table for you and your reservation number is NDSUGZK9 . Anything else?
I need to find a train leaving london kings cross on Saturday as well.
I can help you with that. First, I need to confirm that the destination is Cambridge, and can you provide the desired timeframe for travel?
I would like to be in Cambridge by 08:00
I have found train TR2687, it will depart at 05:17 at arrive by 06:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you. What is the price for that train?
The price is 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
THe train booking is for the same day as my dinner reservation correct?
Yes of course. Anything else?
No thanks. I may be back in touch though!
Feel free to get in touch if you need anything else. Enjoy your evening.
Thank you, good bye
Goodbye. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Could you help me with some information about places I can go in town?
Do you have a particular attraction or type of attraction in mind? We have boats, colleges, and a great deal of architecture.
I want to go to a museum.
I have several museums available. What part of town would you like?
Please focus your search to the west.
I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery. Admission is free.
plese get me the phone number and address
The phone number is 01223295264 and the address is 23 high street, fen ditton. What else can I do for you?
Yes I need a place to stay that is a hotel that is moderate and I need it for 5 nights for 1 person from Tuesday.
Okay what area would you like to stay in?
I need the reference number too. I am not particular as to where, as long as it is near Cambridge.
Is parking and free wifi important to you?
I would prefer it to include both. Thanks for asking.
There are over a dozen to choose from. Are you looking for a particular star rating? Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have no preference. Please make a recommendation and book a room for me.
Okay I recommend the acorn guesthouse. Is it okay to book there?
If the [acorn guesthouse] is in the moderate range with wifi and parking, please book the above nights for me, please.
Okay! I have booked you and your reference number is 5X4PO32W .
Thanks, take care.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you that is all.
Your welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


I hope so. My brother recommended an eatery called [Curry Prince]. Can you help me find it?
Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town. It is moderately priced. The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Could I have their phone number as well?
Yes of course. the Curry Prince's phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go. Is there any swimming pool you can locate for me?
Sure. We have the Abbey Pool there in the same area as your restaurant. There are three others in other parts of town.
What is the entrance fee for [Abbey Pool]? Can I also get the address?
I'm sorry, my system doesn't tell me the entrance fee. Address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, Off Newmarket Road. Anything else you need?
I also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at [20:45] to take me to the restaurant.
I have booked you a Taxi that fits your needs. Would you like the Contact number or Car model?
Both, please! I can't wait to explore Cambridge.
A blue skoda will be picking you up at 20:45. Their contact number is 07775057511. Do you need any further assistance?
That will be all for today. Thank you for your help!
Have a great day!


I'd like to find a [panasian] restaurant in the centre of town please.
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a panasian restaurant in that area. Would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant?
Oh no. Well I'll take [chinese] food then.
Great choice! We have 10 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference on price?
No, I don't care about the price. Which one looks good?
Tang Chinese is listed at expensive. Would you like more information?
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode?
Yes, the address is Napier Street City Centre, the postcode is cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
That's all I needed today, thank you.
Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with any thing else.


Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the [ashley hotel].
Sure, on what day do you need the room and for how many?
First could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?
This is a hotel with a star of 2 that does indeed provide internet. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.
Certainly, what day would you like to travel and is there an arrival or departure time I can search for you?
Yes. The train should leave after [11:45] and leave on tuesday.
TrainID TR0613 leaves Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:06 on Tuesday. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works perfectly. Book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. Thank you.
Your ticket has been booked. The reference number will be provided shortly.
Thank you so much.
The reference number is SXPJJGGN .
Great thank you for your help
Did you want me to book the Ashley Hotel for you? If so, can I get the number of people and number of nights please?
No thank you.
Wonderful! You have a great evening.


What is the cheapest taxi service in Cambridge?
I would need more info, where would you need a taxi to and from?
I am looking for a train.
Okay, where will you be heading to?
I am leaving broxbourne to go to cambridge on sunday.
And what time of day do you want to travel?
I will be travelling at [12:30] PM
TR0862 will leave at 12.32
I would like to leave on Sunday.
TR0862 will leave at 12.32 on Sunday. Do you want me to book this train for you?
I don't want to book yet, but please tell me the arrival time for that one
The arrival time is 13:32.
Thanks very much. Goodbye
Did you need any further help?


Hello are there any cheap [European] restaurants in town?
Yes, I found one located in the centre of town called The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill. Would you like more information?
Is there anything in the north part of town?
Nothing of that criteria in the area. Shall I try again with another criteria?
Can you look for [Italian] food instead?
I have the [Da Vinci Pizzeria] in the north. It is a cheap restaurant. Can I reserve you a table?
Yes I would like to reserve a table there. May I have the address please?
Yes. The address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton. So that I can reserve a table, how many will be in your party?
One in my party. I'm also looking for a train to get to bishops stortford, can you help me with that too?
I'd be happy to reserve your table; what day and time will you be dining?
I will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after [20:00] to bishops stortford.
What time would you like your reservation to be?
I don't need a reservation for the restaurant. I need to find a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
What day and time would you like travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday after 20:00.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No. Please send me the Train ID and arrival time.
There is one leaving at 21:29 and arriving at 22:07, TR4863. Would you like me to book it?
No, I got all that I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


I am looking for the [university arms hotel] please.
Yes the University Arms hotel is located in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not now, I just need the address and also to know whether there is free parking.
There is a parking for the hotel, we will be happy to take your reservation at your earliest convenience.
Could you please give me the address of the hotel?
Their address is Regent Street. What else can I help you with?
Thats great thanks. I am also looking for a college in the centre to visit- can you make a recommendation?
Sure. [Christ's college] is a nice, free attraction. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, as long as it is in the Centre. Could I also get the postcode?
The post code is cb23bu and contact number is 01223334900. Anything else I can assist with?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? I want to leave the college by [3:30]
I've booked a taxi for you, it's a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07148390604.
Great, that's all I needed.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hello! I'm looking for new places to go in Cambridge and am wondering if there is a theatre closeby.
There are four theatres in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
Please recommend one for me that is in the center.
How about [cambridge arts theatre]? It's located at 6 saint edward's passage.
Yes, that will do. I also need a place to stay.
In what area would you like to stay?
I am looking for a place in the south, and I don't need parking. But I do need 4 stars and wifi!
[Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] matches all your criteria except it does have parking. Would that be a problem for you?
Yes, that's not a problem.
Do you need more info, or would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No need, but please give me their phone number. thanks!
the [aylesbray lodge guest house] is located at 5 mowbray road. the phone number is 01223240089. will you be needing transportation?
Yes. I would like to leave the hotel by [8:45].
I have a Taxi picking you up at the hotel to take you to the theatre. A blue ford will arrive. The contact number is 07757926214
Thank you goodbye
thanks, enjoy your trip!


I would like to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help me?
There are, surprisingly, eleven museums in the centre of town. Looks like all of them are free. Is there specific you want to see?
Nothing specific.Recommend one and send me their phone number.
I would recommend Broughton House Galley. Here is their phone number: 01223314960
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a place to dine. Can you help me?
Yes, I can help you. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care, just something good in the same area as Broughton House is. Try and stay in the moderate price range though.
Which area was that again?
The centre please. Could you tell me the phone number and food type?
Of course. I'd recommend [Cotto]. They serve [British] food. The phone number is 01223302010. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, thank you. No that will be all for today, I appreciate all your help!
Are you sure you don't want me to book the restaurant for you?
No thank you.
Alright, you take care then!


I'm looking for a train that leaves on saturday and arrives by [19:00].
We have many trains that meet your request, do you have a departure or destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge. I'll be leaving Norwich.
There is a train on saturday that leaves at 8:16am. Shall I book it?
What time does that train arrive in Cambridge? That seems terribly early. I just need to be there by 19:00.
The train arrives in Cambridge at 9:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. I'm looking for a place to stay too.
I can definitely help with that. First of all, may I ask where you will be leaving from and heading to?
The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge.
TR5693 meets all your criteria and arrives by 10:35. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. What's the travel duration on that one?
It is 79 minutes.
Okay. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like it to be 4 stars and I don't need it to have free parking.
There are a lot of options to choose from. Do you know what part of town you'd like? In the north I can recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
I'd like it to be moderate, any will do. And I'd like to book it for 5 people and 4 nights, starting on the same day.
I have the [avalon] guesthouse in the north area. Would you like that one booked?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights. Can I please get the reference number too?
Starting what day?
It will be on Saturday as well.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8XPJYIR0 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you.
No problem at all, have a great day.


I'd like to find an expensive [gastropub], should you have such a beast.
I show 3. they are in the expensive price range. 2 are in the centre and 1 is in the east. May I book a table for you?
Yes, can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on Wednesday for 6 people?
Yes, Backstreet Bistro has an opening for 6 people at [11:45] on Wednesday.
Please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done.
It turns out, they were all booked, but I was able to get you a table at [the slug and lettuce] with reference number PGV6HF9F . May I help with anything else?
No but I will try that place.
Have a great day!
Thank you!
Enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance.


I need a boat trip in the east please.
I have one place. What would you like to know about it?
Yes, please tell me about it. I would like to know the postcode and area for it?
It is located in the east area and the postcode is cb58sx. The name of the place is [Camboats].
Perfect. I'm looking for a [Thai] place to eat, too. Can you help?
There is sala thong in the west of town and bangkok city located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, [Bangkok City]. What is the price range, address and phone number?
24 Green Street City Centre. It is an expensive place.
Could you also give me the phone number?
The phone number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sorry, but I actually need an architecture attraction, not boats. Can you give me the postcode and area for the best one in town?
I'm sorry we don't have any architectural attractions in the east. Perhaps another area?
Could you look for an architectural attract in other parts of the city then?
All architecture attractions are located in the centre of town. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please do and I need the postcode and area.
I recommend [great saint Mary's church]. it is in the center. postcode is cb23pq.
Can I also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at [12:45]?
I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm going from the restaurant to the architecture.
It will be a yellow bmw picking you up. Their contact number is 07385615231. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I would like to visit [Clare College]. Can you give me more information on it?
Of course! It's a college in west Cambridge at Trinity Lane cb21tl with phone number 01223333200. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. How else may I assist you?
You've told me everything I need to know. Thanks!
You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service.
Im looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre. Can you assist?
There are more than 30 of them. Did you have a cuisine in mind? If you're in a mood for a gastropub I can recommend The Slug and Lettuce.
What an interesting name! Hmm, what do you have in the way of [seafood] restaurants?
Lock Fyne is what you're looking for. They're at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks that's all I needed thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Goodbye!


Hi, I am looking for a [Venetian] restaurant please.
Unfortunately, no venetian restaurants are available. Do you have a preference for another type of food?
What other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve expensive food?
We've got 33 different restaurants, everything from African, to British, Chinese, Indian, all the way to Turkish.
Ok, how about something [Indian]?
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the area. Are you looking for one nearby, or maybe a specific dish, like curry?
Of the 6, what is your restaurant recommendation for good curry?
The [Curry Garden] is known for the great curry cuisine. Would you like me too book it for you?
Yes, can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?
It's located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am actually looking for a place to go that is entertaining.
I have 5 great entertainment venues around town. Do you have a preference on area? I have options in the east, south and west.
I don't care about the area, but can you find something that is free?
Unfortunately with the way prices fluctuate sometimes our systems can not find the current entrance fee for places. Can I give you any other information?
No, that should be all, thanks.
Have a nice day then.


Hi, do you have a listing for the [copper kettle]? It's a restaurant.
Yes I do,it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, would you like to make a booking?
yes please for 3 people on satruday [around lunch time]
Do you have a specific time in mind?
Actually, I don't need to reserve just yet. Can you please just give me the postcode and price range?
Sure, the postcode is cb21sj, and the price range is moderate. Is that all you need today?
Yes that would be all. Thank you
Have a lovely day!
Oh, wait! While I have you, I can go ahead and check on hotels. I need a hotel with free parking.
Sure, is there an area or a price range you are interested in?
No but I do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.
There are 8 hotels with free parking. How about [Ashley Hotel]? It's a moderate 2 star hotel in the north with free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. I need it for one person and three nights starting Saturday. Thank you!
Ok, I was able to book you at the [Ashley Hotel]. Your reference number is T0WK7HHS . Is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. I need to leave the restaurant by [10:45]. What taxi do you have available?
Okay, what time do you want to arrive at the restaurant by?
I actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. We will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.
Ok, you're taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I get the contact number and type of car, as well?
The contact number is 07703313171 and the car is a white volkswagen.
Okay great. That's all the information I need for now. Thanks.
You're very welcome, have a wonderful day.


What is the best [french] expensive restaurant in town?
There are two located in town. The Restaurant Two Two, which is in the north, and the Cote, which is located in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
I'd like to eat at the one that's in the north.
Okay, that's [Restaurant Two Two], located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax. May I help you book a table?
What is the phone number for the restaurant?
They can be reached at 01223351880. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast?
It is located at 53 roseford rd in the south area, rated 4 stars, they have internet and parking. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thank you for that information. Sounds like a good place.
Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Hmm, no thank you. I will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?
Where are you traveling to and from?
It's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by [4:45]. Can you tell me what type of car and contact number?
I've booked your taxi! A yellow Tesla will pick you up at the restaurant at 4:45, and the contact number is 07207525802.
Great! Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No, that is it. Thanks. Bye.
Alright! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!


Hi I am in the north looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Any suggestions?
The [Archway House] is a guesthouse in the north with four stars. It's moderately priced and includes wifi and parking. Should I book?
Um, give me a minute please
Ok, let me know whenever you're ready.
Yes, please. I need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.
Your booking was successful for 5 days at Archway House starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is UAUOPOBP .
Great, thank you. I am looking for some sort of entertainment in the Centre, maybe a park. Can you help me with that?
I can I've found [botanic gardens] in the centre area postcode is cb21jf and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. will there be anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.
Do you need a taxi between the guesthouse and the park? I can handle that, also.
No, the attraction and the hotel was everything.
ok thanks it is a pleasure to serve you


I'm going to Cambridge and I need a train that arrives by [16:00].
Where will you be departing from and what time will you be leaving?
I will be departing from stansted airport and I want to leave on thursday
OK, the TR3076 train arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book that one or consider other options?
Yeah, book that one.
How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. The restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre
I have made the train reservations your reference number is HHQDGA03 .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern [european] food in the centre.
I have several options what price range were you looking for?
How about [northern european]?
I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I do not have a Northern European restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, how about [italian] food?
Yes I have 9 to choose from. What price range would you like?
Probably cheap would be best
There are several to choose from. There's Pizze Hut City Centre, Ask, and also Zizzi Cambridge. Does one of those sound good?
Can you pick one for me?
Absolutely! I really enjoy [Zizzi cambridge]. Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Sure. Sounds good. I need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at [20:15]. Can I please have the reference number as well?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BE27DMZM .
Thanks for your help! That is all I needed today.
May I look anything else up for you?
That is all I need today good bye.
Thank you goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi.
What price range would you prefer, moderate, cheap, or expensive?
I don't care about the price, and the hotel doesn't need to have free parking.
Would you prefer one with internet?
Yes WiFi internet please.
How about [Finches bed and breakfast]?
That is fine, is it in the East?
No, Finches is in the West. Are you looking for a place in the East?
No I am looking for a place in the West.
When will you be staying and for how long and how many people will be in your party.
I need to stay 3 nights staring from Sunday and 3 people will be in my party.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the finches for you. I can check in the different area or price range, if you like.
Can you find another hotel in the same pricerange?
The the [cambridge belfry] is also in the same pricerange would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, please. Make sure it's for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Sunday and I need the reference number.
I have made successful booking there. Your Reference number is : 1PLDTXKH .
Thank you for all your help today.
Thank you.


I need some information on a hotel, can you help with that?
of course! do you know what area you want to stay in?
I need information about the [alexander bed and breakfast].
What would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
Your room is booked, reference number 918P1IAS . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a train to Stevenage leaving [after 16:15.]
Could you tell me what day you wish to travel?
Yes, I need to leave Cambridge on Monday.
I have train TR0254 that leaves at 17:21. Would that work for you?
Sure. What is the price and arrival time?
Arrival is at 18:10, and the price per ticket is 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I'll take it from here. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!
Have a nice day.


I need to get a train out of cambridge.
Your looking at the trainID of TR5767 or TR2000 depending on your time
The train should go to stansted airport and should arrive by [21:30].
What day of the week are you looking at traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
these three could help trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR1656 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 05:40 06:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes TR1951 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 06:40 07:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes TR0684 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 07:40 08:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes
thank you for your help. book for me 5 seats and get me the reference numberes
I'm sorry, could you confirm which train you wanted to book seats on? There were 3 choices given to you.
Whichever train goes to stansted airport Tuesday from cabridge arriving closest to 21:30.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GMYBPE6F .
Thanks for that. I don't need anything more today.
ok. enjoy your day.


I need some info on the [acorn guest house].
Certainly. it is a well loved moderate 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesteron Road. What specifically would you like to know?
I'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights. We'll be arriving on Thursday.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is QLC8BCAI . May I help you with anything else?
No. I think I am all set.
Have a wonderful day!
Oh, actually I'm looking for a great place to dine also. Can you help me with that?
Sure, is there a certain area and price range you are interested in?
A moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves [international] food.
Both [the Varsity restaurant] and Bloomsbury restaurant meet your needs. Both are popular. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me the address for the Varsity?
Yes, its address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I want a taxi to the Varsity. It should depart my hotel by [19:15]. Please give me car type and contact info.
Sure, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at the Acorn Guest House.
Booked car type : grey tesla Contact number : 07216227516 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services.


I need help finding a [portuguese] restaurant located in the centre, can you assist me please?
Hi I found a restaurant. It is [Nandos city centre] and it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Is this restaurant in the cheap price range?
Yes, it is. May I help you book?
Yes, please book for Thursday at [12:45] for 7 people.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Hmm, okay, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
There are several. [The Gardenia] served mediterranean. You might be interested in it. Ask and Zizzi serve Italian.
Okay let's try that place.
Great news I was able to book you into there and the reference number is 2HILQZBF .
Which restaurant were you able to book me into?
I was able to get you in at [Ask] on Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people. There is a new reference number, though. Use 0SLQNHXA .
Thank you. That is all I need.
My pleasure! Have a nice day.
Thanks, I'm all done here.
Thank you and I hope you enjoy the restaurant. Have a great day.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.
The [Archyway House] is a guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book for you?
Does it have 4 stars? If so, go ahead and book it!
Sure thing! How many people will be staying, what day to you want your stay to start, and how long?
1 people, 4 nights starting monday. Thanks.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3AHJV6HE .
I am also looking for an attraction in the middle of town.
I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I would like something with architecture I think.
How about [all saints church]?
Sure, can you get me the information?
All Saints Church is in the centre area and has free admission.
Can you tell me the address and phone number to the All Saints Church.
Sure the address is jesus lane and the phone number is 01223452587, there is no entrance fee's either.
Cool. Can you have a taxi pick me up at [19:00] at the hotel and take me to the attraction? And i'll need car and contact info
A grey skoda is booked for you and can be reached at 07908464807. How else can I help?
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.
You are welcome. It was my pleasure to help you. Goodbye from the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Could I ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby?
Of course! Cambridge boasts many wonderful guesthouses. What did you have in mind?
Some place moderately priced, with free wifi.
I have 14 options spread out all over town. Do you have a preference as to the area you want to stay?
I don't have a preference. Which one looks best to you?
The A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Have a great day!
You're welcome. Please contact us if you need more information or would like to make a reservation. Have a wonderful day!
I will be sure to do that.
Here is the number for the guesthouse if you have any further inquiries: 01223315702. Thank you!


Hello! Can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the Centre of town, please?
I heaar [university arms hotel] is nice.
What's the price? I need something in cheap range.
Yes it is very affordable and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Have a great time!


Hi, I need to take a train on Wednesday, can you help me?
Absolutely! Where will you be heading to and leaving from?
I need to leave Peterborough for Cambridge Wednesday after [19:15].
There are 10 options available for the same price, 16.50pounds. Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
As long as I leave by 19:15 it will be fine. There are 4 of us.
Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : MCCA0VK8 .
Thank you for all your help.
We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they sure have, thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.


Are there any trains that arrive in Cambridge before [11:45]?
Yes there are. We start in early morning on most places. Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am leaving broxbourne on saturday.
TR2025 will arrive by 11:32. Do you need anything else?
Yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.
The booking on Train TR2025 was successful for a party of. The Reference number is : IHPHIR7N .
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?
There are 29 hotels and guesthouses that have free parking. What area are you looking into?
A hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. But is has to be in the center of the town.
I'm sorry, there are no matching hotels or guesthouses. Can you try a different star rating perhaps?
As long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. What options do I have?
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing anything in the center area with a moderate price range and free parking. Are you flexible at all with this?
Sure, I can be flexible. How about in the north? I need it for 8, for two nights starting Saturday. I need a reference number also.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : HZKM08KO . is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
It was my pleasure to assist you today. Please let us know if we can be of further help. Good-bye.


I'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. Something moderately priced, please.
Certainly. On the west side, we have Saint John's Chop House, Meghna, and Prezzo. Do any of those sound good?
Do any of those serve [british] food?
Yes, saint johns chop house serves British food. Would you like to book a table, if so how many people will be dining?
I only need the restaurant's address, phone number, and postcode.
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there any other information you need?
No, that should be all. Thank you so much for your assistance!
Thank you for using our system!


I am looking for a moderately priced hotel in Cambridge.
I have three choices for you. Do you have an area that is more convenient for you?
Yes, can you check the north please?
There are two hotels that match what you're looking for. The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Does either of those sound preferable?
can you book me at [Ashley Hotel] for 1 and 3 nights ?
No problem! What day are you wanting to check in?
On wednesday please
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that's what I already asked you to do.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 40GGN5EY . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called [Efes]. I'll need the phone number, price range, and postcode, please?
sure, its moderate, phone is 01223500005 and the postcode is cb11ln, anything else?
Thank you, that'll be all today.
If the hotel and restaurant are all you need for today, then thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0
Unfortunately I am not finding any hotels matching your criteria, would you like me to look for three star hotels?
how about a star of 0?
Sorry, still zero matches. Perhaps some other criteria?
Ok how about a cheap priced hotel, free wifi would be a plus.
[El shaddai] is a cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yeah. Can you help me book it please? It'll be for 8 people
How many days will you be staying, and what day will you be arriving?
2 nights for 8 people starting on sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : E69CNU30 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all the info I needed. Have a great day!
Here is the address for your hotel 41 warkworth street postcode cb11eg. Have a great day!


I am looking for a train on Wednesday departing form broxbourne
There are many results. Where is your destination?
I'm heading into Cambridge.
There are a number of trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time is flexible but I would need to get into Cambridge by [21:30].
There are 15 trains that arrive by 21:30. Each train takes 1 hour. When would you prefer to depart?
What is the earliest departing train and the price of a ticket for it?
The earliest train departs at 05:32 and is 17.90 pounds. Would you like a ticket?
That's okay. No need to book now. But can I get the travel time for that train?
The travel time for the train is 60 minutes.
Okay, thanks! that's all I needed! Have a good day!
Glad I could help!


I wanted to visit the [Tenpin], could you tell me the hours it is open, and if there is an admission cost?
Sorry. I don't have the hours of operation or whether there is an entrance fee. Would you like the phone number so you can call to get the information yourself?
That's OK, could you tell me what part of town it's located in?
Sure, it is in the south part of town. The address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.
Great. Thank you. I also need a place to dine.
What type of food would you like and what price range ?
I am looking for [Scottish] food. I would like it to be nice so it can be expensive, but it needs to be in the east side of town.
i will find you one thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you


Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after [13:45] on Friday.
No problem. Where is your departure area and destination?
I need to go to stansted airport and will be departing from cambridge
The closest to 13:45 is 14:40, which is the TR1316. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 15:08. Do you still want to book it?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people and give me the reference number?
Booked! Reference number is FQB8ZKSP . You will pay 70.7 GBP at the station.
OK I got it. Thanks for your help.
Okay please call us again.


I am planning a trip to Cambridge
Do you need a train? Or would you like information on restaurants, attractions, or hotels?
I need a train for friday?
There are hundreds of trains I can book for you. Where are you going and what time do you need to be there?
I'm going from Cambridge to Broxbourne, departing after [20:45] on Friday.
The first train after that time is TR8966. It leaves at [21:01] and arrives in Broxbourne at 22:01. Would that work or do you prefer a later train?
That is fine, can I also get the total travel time for that?
The travel time for that route is 60 minutes. Did you need any tickets?
no thanks, i'm also looking for an [italian] restaurant
Okay! What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care, should be in the cheap price range.
[La Margherita] is a great place located in the west. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation for now. But, can you please provide me with the address and postcode please?
Sure. It's located on 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the postcode there is cb30af. Would you like the phone number as well?
Yes. please thank you.
The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232. Can I assist you with something else?
That is all, thank for your help.
That's wonderful. Have a great day and let me know what I can do for you if you need me in the future.


Will I be able to get a train out of London Liverpool Street that leaves after [15:15], or will I need to use a different station?
What day would you like to leave?
I need to be there on Friday.
There is no train leaving at 15:15. However there is leaving at 15:39 on Friday, would you like that one?
I don't have to leave at exactly 15:15. I just need to leave after that time and travel to Cambridge. What are my choices?
There is a train at 15:39 and every other hour after that.
I would like to book it for Friday for 7 people and will need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M0H2YQDY . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to stay. With free parking and one star.
I'm afraid that I didn't find any. Would you like to try for a different star rating?
Try for a 4 star instead.
Sure thing I would suggest this one [arbury lodge guesthouse].
Okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from Friday for 7 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EBBLA6 .
Okay, great. Thanks for your help!
Do you need anything else today?
That is all I will need.
Have a great day and stay!
Good day to you too, goodbye
Thanks! And if you think of anything more that you need, feel free to contact us again!


I am looking for a train that is arriving by [13:00] and leaving on Monday.
I can help you narrow your search if you give me your departure site and your destination?
Yes, I want to leave from Cambridge and I'm going to Broxbourne.
How about the TR1213? It matches your specifications and leaves at 9:01. I can book this train if you'd like.
How much does a seat for the TR1213 on Monday cost?
17.90 pounds is good enough. I'll go with that.
Thank you. I also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
There are several options with the criteria you provided. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
No, please pick one for me and provide the phone number and address.
The [royal standard] is a gastropub. It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre, phone 01223247877. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great.
how many people will be in your party?
4 people are in my party.
I'll also need a day and time for the reservation.
If you could book a reservation for Tuesday at [06:30 pm] that would be most appreciated.
Ok, I have booked your reservation at royal standard. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for helping me get my reservations in order.
Have I answered all your questions today?
Can you tell what kind of food the restaurant serves and their address and phone number.
The Royal Standard serves gastropub type food. Their address is 290 Mill Road City Centre and their phone is 01223247877.
Thank you.
You are quite welcome. Enjoy your meal and please let me know if you need assistance with reservations during your visit.


Hello, I need a train, please.
please tell me your destination and the time you wish to arrive.
I need to leave on friday after [9:15]
Where are you departing from and where are you going?
I am departing from cambridge and going to stansted airport.
I have train TR2048 departing Cambridge at 9:40 and arriving at 10:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the price and travel time?
The price is 10.10 pounds and the duration is 28 minutes.
Sounds good. Now I'm looking to go to a particular attraction called [Kambar], it's in the area, right?
Kambar is a nightclub that is located in the centre area. It has a 5 pounds entrance fee.
Ok, what was the address for that place?
The address for Kambar is 1 Wheeler Street.
Alright, thank you, that should be all for today.
It was a pleasure to help you. Have fun.
You've been very helpful, good day
Good day to you too.


i am looking for a hospital with a [eurology] department
Provided information, thank you.
I don't understand. Can you provide the name of a hospital nearby I can go to?
Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge and has a urology department.
May I have the postcode and phone number as well?
The postcode is CB20QQ, phone for urology is 01223256650.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Do you need help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for calling. I'm glad I could help you. Goodbye.


Can you tell me more about a particular attraction called the [ballare]?
Ballare is a nightclub located on heidelberg gardens, lion yard, cb23na. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their phone number?
The phone number for ballare is 01223364222, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you also need the address?
No thank you, I don't need the address. I would also like to find a place to eat on the east side that serves [British] food.
I have one such restaurant and it is called the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant] and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
Actually, could you book a table for 6 people on Wednesday?
For what time?
I would like to book for [11:15].
I have booked this for Wednesday for 6 people at 11:15. They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. The reference number is: CGM6GIAJ
Thank you that's all I needed today.
My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge that serves [modern American] food.
I was unable to find any restaurants matching that.
Then what about [modern European]?
I have 4 modern european restaurants in the centre. Do you have a preference on price range?
No, just pick a popular one for me and book it for 1 person on Tuesday please.
I book you a table at riverside brasserie, I will send you the reference number.
Okay what is it?
I need to know the reservation time before I can book a table for you.
I would like the time to be at [14:00], if you cant get that time [13:00] will do. Can I have a reference number? I also need a train.
Your table has been booked at [De Luca Cucina and Bar] at 14:00. Your reference number is M81RFLPZ .
Thank you. I need a train on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by [10:15].
There are several trains arriving in Cambridge before 10:15. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving from London Kings Cross.
I can help you with that but first how many tickets will you be needing?
One ticket is all I need. Thank you.
I booked a train leaving at 5:17. Your reference number is LG54YRTF .
Thank you for your help. That's everything I need for now. Goodbye.
You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
Do you have a food type preference?
Yes. [Chinese], please.
[Peking restaurant] is in the south and in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Reserve a table for 4 please.
For which day and time would you like?
Monday at [19:30] would be perfect.
I have made your reservation for Monday with reference #Y7I4EMPO . Can I help you any further?
I'm also looking for some entertainment in the same area as the restaurant.
I have 2 great options for entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. But, if you don't mind a suggestion I would say Nusha.
Sounds good. I need the address and phone number for them too.
Okay, Nusha is located on Unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road and phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin is located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way and phone number is 08715501010.
Thank you so much for your help. Can we also look at 4 star hotels in the same area?
What price range would you like?
Forget the hotels. That's all the information I need today. Thanks for all your help.
To be clear you don't need me to look up any other information for you?
I don't need anything other than the restaurant and the attractions. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay! Goodbye


Can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town?
There are 11 places to stay in the north part of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a need for parking or internet?
Yes, I'd love to have free internet, and I'd really like to stay at a guest house if possible.
The [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse] has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. Please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.
I've successfully booked your room. The reference number is VZCXFU9V .
Can I please have the address?
They are located at 82 arbury road. Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
You're welcome, enjoy your stay.


I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
[Da vinci pizzeria] serves [italian] food, is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else ? I also want its phone number.
[Royal Spice] is an [Indian] restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the north side of town. The phone number is 01223 351707.
Okay, thank you for that.
thank you and good bye


I am going to visit and would like to go to a nightclub. Any suggestions?
There are 6 nightclubs located in Cambridge. 5 in the Centre and 1 in the South; do you have a preference?
No preference, surprise me. I'll just need the postcode.
The Soul Tree Nightclub I have heard is the best. Their postcode is cb23qf. Anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a hotel with free parking and 4 star rating.
There are 19 hotels available with a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to add any additional preferences?
Yes, I'd prefer a hotel over a guesthouse and I need to stay in the north.
I'm afraid no hotel in the north matches your inquiry, perhaps a different star rating?
If there is no hotel availability, I will accept a guesthouse. Is one available?
Yes, there are 7 guesthouses in the north that meet your needs. 6 are moderate and 1 is cheap. Would you like more information?
Do any of the guesthouses have access to internet for their guests?
yeah all of them do, any other preference?
How about free parking?
They all also offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I get the phone number and address of one of them? Also can you find me a nightclub nearby and give me their postcode?
The Acorn Guest House is at 154 chesterton road, and its phone number is 01223353888. There are no nightclubs in the north part of town.
Okay. Thank you very much for your help.
Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that takes care of everything.
Okay, I am glad I could help. Have a wonderful day.


My friend came here last year and told me a bout a place called [camboats], can you give me more info?
camboats are boasts in the east. Anything else I can help with?
How much is the entrance fee?
They don't list an entrance fee. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please, could you tell me?
Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton and their phone number is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A train that departs from broxbourne and going to cambridge. Leaves monday after [09:00].
The TR0559 will get you here by 10:30. Need a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation.
How many tickets will you need reserved for the TR0559?
I actually don't need a reservation. I just need the arrival and travel time please.
Your train will arrive at 10:32 and will travel for 60 minutes
That's all I need. Thank you for your prompt service. Goodbye.
thanks for using our services. great day


I'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving [French] food. Could you please give me their phone numbers?
There is a very good French restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223 311053.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


Hello, what places to go could you recommend in the Centre of town?
Were you interested in any type of place like a museum or architecture?
I am interested in the cinema. What are my choices? I'll need phone number and entrance fee information.
Okay, Vue Cinema is in the centre and their phone number is 08712240240. I do not have the entrance fee available.
Thank you. Can you find out some information on the [oak bistro] for me as well?
Oak Bistro is a British restaurant in the Centre of town. It's not too expensive, and is fairly close to the Cinema. Would you like me to book a table?
Sounds perfect. Can you please book a table for 8 on Sunday at [16:15]?
I have booked your table of 8 for Sunday at 16:15. Your Reference number is : QA3C5JW0 . Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for using this service goodbye


I want to take a taxi to [eraina]
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I would prefer to leave after [06:45]
Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from [meze bar] restaurant.
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey volvo Contact number : 07740734110
Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. May I help you with any other bookings?
No, that's all thank you
Have a good trip!


I am looking for a college to see.
Do you have a part of town you would like to visit?
I'm not sure as I'm not familiar with the area. Do you recommend a particular college?
[Clare college] is nice and it is located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please have the address and postcode?
their address is trinity lane,cb21tl. phone number is 01223333200. anything else?
I would also like to find a [Japanese] restaurant, if there are any in town.
Cambridge does have one [Japanese restaurant] in the centre of town. It's expensive but well worth it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I would need a reservation on Sunday for 3 at [11:30].
You're all set! Your reference number is AWAEPKRT .
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else?
I will need a book a taxi to commute between the two places
what time would you like?
I need to be at the restaurant at [11:30].
Ok. I have reserved a white skoda. The contact number is 07229892999.
That is all, thanks for your assistance.
It was my pleasure.


Can you give me some information about colleges that I can visit while I am in town?
I see we have a total of 79 colleges.
What colleges are in the centre? Please provide postcode, address, and phone number too.
There are thirteen colleges in the centre.
train should depart from peterborough and should leave [after 21:45]
Yes I will need your destination city and day of travel please.
I will be leaving monday, it will be to Cambridge.
TR1553 Leaves Peterborough Monday at 21:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 22:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, i will need 4 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is Y4IXQIJC
Thank you so much for all your help.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!


I am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit. Can you let me know some attractions I may be interested in?
There are 79 attractions in the city. Do you have a specific type of attraction or specific area of the attraction that you are interested in?
I'd like something in the centre.
Great! How about All Saints Church? It has fantastic architecture and free entrance. Would you like more information?
Could I get the address for it? I would also like an expensive place to eat around it.
The address is Jesus Lane. What type of food would you like to eat?
I'm in the mood for [Caribbean] food.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like me to check a different type of cuisine, or another area?
Yes, I also love [turkish] food. Is there something in the center that's expensive? Also, what type of attraction is [All Saints Church]?
The [Meze Bar] Restaurant is an expensive Turkish restaurant in the city centre. The All Saints Church is an architecture attraction.
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode for the restaurant please?
I don't have a phone number available, but the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postal code cb13nf. Anything else I can do for you?
Great that's all that I needed to know, thank you!
You're welcome, feel free to contact us about anything else you need.


I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.
Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at [12:15].
There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at [13:00] and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.
Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.
What area would you like to stay in?


I need to contact the nearest police station.
The nearest police station is at Parkside in Cambridge. The phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you, may I also get the address and postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG. I do not have an address listed, however.
Thank you for the information.
You are welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No that will be all. Thank you very much.
Happy to help. Thank you for using our service.


There's some disagreement about what to do about a car accident. Can you help me with that?
Of course, I can get you the contact information for Parkside Police Station if you'd like.
I would like the address and postcode please.
Okay the address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG. Anything else you need?
Thank you, goodbye.
You are more than welcome.


Can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by [14:30]?
I am getting the information up now, what day this week will you need that?
On Sunday please
Train TR3782 fits your needs. For how many people ?
7 people, please.
Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is 5WS52ANO .
Perfect. Can you also help me find a hotel while we're there? It should also have free parking.
Wow, there are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you know which area of town you'd prefer to stay, or if a guesthouse is preferred over a hotel, or even how many stars or a price range of a possible location? There are so many to choose from!
I would like to find a hotel on the east side. I need parking but wifi is not necessary.
[express by holiday in cambridge] is the only hotel in the east it is expensively priced, do you want to go with that or include guestouses in a search?
No, I want to keep it in the type of hotel. Does this hotel have free wifi?
Yes, they do! Would you like to book a room?
Yes, go ahead and book this. I will need accommodations for 7 people. We need to book for 2 nights, starting on Sunday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MULV4YIP .
Thank you . That is all I needed. Have a nice day.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need a train leaving Cambridge sometime after [13:15] please.
Where are you headed?
I'm going to Bishops Stortford.
rainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR2420 cambridge london kings cross friday 15:00 15:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes TR6628 cambridge london kings cross friday 17:00 17:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes TR1006 cambridge london kings cross friday 19:00 19:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes TR3055 cambridge london kings cross friday 21:00 21:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes TR9876 cambridge london kings cross friday 23:00 23:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes these are the available options
I'm a little overwhelmed by the information. I am actually leaving on Sunday, this seems to be Friday.
There s a train that departs at 15:00 arriving in london kings cross at 15:51. How does that sound?
I need to depart from Cambridge.
There is a train running from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Friday that leaves at 13:29. The train id is TR8585. Would you like me to book it for you?
No. I need the train to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday and leaving after 13:15.
Alright, I have several options for you. The earliest train that meets your criteria is TR2402 and leaves at [13:29]. Will that work?
That sounds great. Could I get the price please?
The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that's it. Thank you.
Thanks for your help


I need the address for the Parkside police station.
Certainly! Their address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks, good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Do you know of any places I can go for entertainment?
We have several options for you. Is there a specific area you will be in?
No specific area. Just the first thing that pops up.
[Cherry Hinton hall and grounds] is on the east part of town.
Okay how much does it cost? And where the postal code?
The price is uknown at this time, and the postcode is cb18dw.
I am also looking for a train for Thursday departing from Stevenage.
There are many train departure options on Thursday. When do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by [11:30].
TR3330 will arrive at 10:43, would that work for you?
That sounds good. I need tickets for 4 people. Can I get a reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XX5DNFKS .
Great, that's all I need. You can end this conversation now. Thanks!
Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.


I would like a [mexican] restaurant in west.
Unfortunately there are no mexican restaurants in the west. Would you look to try a different area?
Ok can we try to find a expensive [Singaporean] restaurant in the east?
I'm so sorry, there is nothing like that either.
Ok. What about [Chinese]?
I have [yu garden] located in the east and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes that would be fine I need reservation sfor 5 people at [16:45] on saturday.
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is RQLJFIDQ .
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge arriving by [13:45] at standsted airport.
The train on Friday leaves at 9:40 from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. It's a 28 minute trip at 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book this?
Not at this time. But thank you for the informtion.
Glad I could help and goodbye
Can you please find a train that leaves on Sunday from Cabridge and goes to stansted airport.
I have one that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 on Sunday. Would like me to book this?
That would be great! Can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? And then I'll need the reference number
Sure. It will cost you 40.4 GPB. Your reference number is WB1JNS4M .
Thank you very much. That's it now. Bye
Let us know if you need help anytime soon. Have a great day.


I need a place to stay in the centre of town.
I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different options. First of all, may I ask if you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a 2 star guest house.
I am not seeing a 2-star guesthouse or hotel in the centre area. I have a 4-star and a 0-star guesthouse in the centre, though.
I would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.
I would recommend [alexander bed and breakfast]! Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book it for 5 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.
I am sorry, but those dates are unavailable. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Are you sure? Can you try again? If that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?
I do apologize! I must have fat fingered it the last time. Clumsy me! Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : Q1DDFWPH .
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you help with that?
Yes, I can. When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Sunday after [18:30].
Okay, trainID TR6697 seems most suitable for you, leaving Kings Lynn on Sunday at 19:11 and arriving in Cambridge by 19:58. The price is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book you in?
Yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. Let me know the reference number, if available.
Your reference number is 72DIGGVY . The cost is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need, good bye.
Have a nice day.


Can you find a moderate price restaurant in the centre?
We have 21. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat [Chinese] food, please.
There are three moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the Centre. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. I'll need a table on Sunday at [11:45]. It will be 8 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9VDXYHIH .
OK, could you maybe tell me which restaurant the reservation is at?
Jinling Noodle Bar and phone is 01223566188
I am also looking for some where fun to go in the Centre of town as well.
Thee are 5 places in the centre that people visit for their architecture - would that be fun for you? For example, you could go to see [holy trinity church] for free.
That sounds great. Could I get the phone number and post code please?
Yes, holy trinity church can be reached at 01223355397 and the postcode is cb23nz
No thank you. You have been a great help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be fine. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services.


I need a train on Sunday, arriving by [16:30], please.
What are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be departing from Leicester and arriving in Cambridge.
TR1492 arrives in Cambridge closest to your requested time, scheduled to arrive by 15:54, it departs leicester at 14:09. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. I would like a booking for 3 people please.
I have successfully booked this train for you. You will be responsible for a 90.72 GBP fee payable at the station. Your reference number is GJ9R5F0E .
Ok, I also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a guesthouse. Nothing else matters, just pick one.
I have many to choose from in that price range. Is there a preference for a part of town? And how many people and for how long will they be staying?
Actually, do any of them offer free WiFi?
Yes almost all of them accommodate free WiFi. Is there any other preferences you would be interested in such as location, star rating and parking availability?
I do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. I need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday.
I have confirmed your reservation at [archway house] starting Sunday for 5 nights. Your reference number is 5ZNJHYLP . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all thanks .
Great, thanks for using our services, have a great day.
Bye and have a great day.
have a great day!


I would like to find a train that is leaving Cambridge on Monday.
I can assist you. What is your destination and departure time?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross and need to leave after [17:15].
I have a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross Monday at 19:00, would you like me to book it?
I need the arrival time and price
The ticket will coat 23.60 pounds and it will arrive at 19:51.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Alright. Goodbye now. Thank you!


I would like to book a train for Saturday.
Where would you like to go to?
I'll be catching the train at Birmingham New Street and take me to Cambridge. Anytime after 12:30 is great.
TR0680 will depart at 12:40 and arrive 163 minutes later at 15:23. The trip will cost 60.08. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 8 people.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I need the reference number.
OK, you have 8 seats reserved on TR0680. The total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WUCRXXMG .
I also need a very CHEAP hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though
I have the [Cambridge Belfry]. It is a cheap hotel located in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday
I was able to book the room successfully. The reference number is 8L2C6Y3N . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all I need.
Thanks for using our service & have a great visit!


Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
There are a bunch of restaurants for you! Do you have a certain price range or food type you prefer?
I would like it on the expensive price range please.
I found some quite nice choices for you. Do you have a cuisine preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food. If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves [indian] food.
I don't have any Polynesian, but I do have 14 Indian. What area of town would you like?
please get phone number and area.I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from Cambridge and should leave after 09:30
I have Indian restaurants in all areas. Do you have a preference of which one? Lets do this and then we can work on the train/
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?
which side of town do you prefer?
The north part of town is fine. I need the phone number and area for the place after you find it.
I am sorry but there are no Indian restaurants in the North. Would you like another area?
My area is flexible. What is available for an expensive indian restaurant. It can be in any area.
I have the cocum located in the west at 71 Castle Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you but I do need a train.
Okay! From where to where?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
I have found many trains leaving from Cambridge. Can I please get a departure and arrival time, and destination?
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on Sunday for 6 people
There are no trains leaving at 9:00. Would you be interested in the one leaving at 7:59 or 9:59?
I just need to depart after [9:30].
I can book the TR0995 which leaves Cambridge at 09:59. Shall I book it for six people?
Yes, that would be wonderful.
the total fee is 79.67, Reference number is : Z51SW54Y .
That's all I need today. Have a great day
Have a safe trip.


Hello, I need some [French] food. Any price range is fine.
[Cote] is an expensive French restaurant in the city centre.
What is the address and phone number?
Cote is located on Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4
There are five hotels that meet your requirements. Is there a certain part of town you are looking in?
No, not really. Although, I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking.
How about the [Leverton House]? It's at 732-734 New Market Road. It's in the east part of town. Can I book this for you?
That sounds good. I would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Saturday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 7AAR2TYB .
I appreciate your help. I need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after [10:15]. What is available, please?
We have plenty after 10:15, what day of the week?
Great, I'm looking to travel on Sunday.
I am showing 7 options here. Do you want tickets on one of them?
Yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number
Alright, your tickets are booked and your reference is BFCUMP2S . Anything else today?
That is all I need today, thank you.
We're happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


I'm are looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on saturday.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Norwich.
What tie would you like to leave Norwich?
I would like to leave after [14:30] .
I have several trains. How would TR1156 work for you, it leaves at 15:16 arriving at 16:35?
Yes. That works. I need 3 tickets, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1MI35913 .
Great, thank you for your help!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!


Hello, I am planning my trip and I need help booking a train. I'd like to go to Broxbourne and l need to leave after [13:00].
What day are you travelling on?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and leaving from Cambridge.
I have a departure at 13:01 and an every hour later at a minute after. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please book the closest one to my preferred time for 7 people. I would also appreciate a reference number.
Ok. I booked 7 tickets on TR4414. Your reference number is 4C0J1MKO .
Great, thanks so much. Can you also recommend a park to visit in town?
[Wandlebury Country Park] is in the south and has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes can I get their phone number, and postcode?
01223243830 is their phone number and cb223ae is their postcode. anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee?
No, there is no fee to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all! Thank you so much!
You're very welcome! Have a great trip! Bye!


Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of [Loch Fyne]?
Yes! The restaurant is at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book tickets?
Please book a table for 8 people at [18:15] on friday.
I am sorry there are no reservations at that time, can I find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I will found you a different restaurant.
Very well. I really need a reliable booking, make sure you give me a reference number, I don't want any confusion when I get there.
How does The [Cambridge Chop House] sound? It serves british food?
That would be good. I would like to try that one if you recommend it.
I was able to successfully book that for you, the reference number is 8JKPEA74 . Can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome Have a nice day.


I'd like an expensive restuarant with [Chinese] food.
Sure, I have 9 restaurants like that. Is there a certain area you had in mind?
I would like to stay in the south please.
I have 2 chinese restaurants in the south. Both are expensive but worth the money! I have the Peking Restaurant and the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
Could you reserve a table for 5 at [Peking Restaurant]. I need it for Wednesday at [11:15].
I was able to successfully book at table for 5 at Peking restaurant for 11:15. Your reference number is WOK3FTDI . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, that is all that I needed!
You are welcome!


do you know anything about [emmanuel college]?
Emmanuel College is located in the center of town, on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23ap. It's free to get in.
Is that their full address?
Yes it is. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on 4 star, moderately priced hotels.
The [acorn guest house] is a great place to stay. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free WiFi?
Yes they do. Would you like anymore information?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from thursday
You're all set at the Acorn, reference #M1KYDQSW . Can I help you with anything else today?
no, that's it. thanks!
Let us know if there is anything else you need.


Are there any cheap [cantonese] restaurants in town?
Yes, there are many cheap restaurants in Cambridge! What type of food would you like?
I'd prefer Cantonese, but I'd be up for [Italian] if necessary.
I don't have a cheap Cantonese option, but I do have 5 Italian places in that price range. Is there an area in the city you'd like to dine at?
How about an italian place for 3 people at [17:45] on wedensday
I'd like to recommend [la margherita], found in the North.
That would be great - can you make that reservation?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is GGYMVIIA . Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.


I want to book a taxi to leave after [09:15] at [Old Schools].
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'll be going to [royal standard].
Great news! I was able to book a red Volvo for you.
That is great news. May I have the contact number, too?
The contact number for the Volvo is 07321527336. Do you need any other tourist bookings?
No, that's everything I needed. Thanks!
You're more than welcome!


I'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves [Indian] food.
I have many varying from moderate to expensive in price range. Do you have a preference?
What do you have in the expensive price range?
I recommend Tandoori Palace, would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?
Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le. Their phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a college as a place to go in town.
I would recommend Clare Hall would you like to visit that?
Sure, but first I'll need to know the entrance fee, area, and address.
Clare College is located on Trinity Lane in the west area of the city. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there any other information I can get for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be heading from [Clare] Hall to [Tandoori Palace], and I'd like to be picked up at [18:15].
Certainly, I have booked your car, it will be a yellow skoda the contact number is 07839693090. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that is all. Thank you!
Have a great day!
Thanks for the help, bye!
Glad we could be assistance.


I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Great! We have lots of great restaurants. Let's narrow down your search. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving expensive [thai] food
Do you have a preference for the area?
I'd like a place in the centre.
[Bangkok City] will fit your preferences perfectly. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will need to be on Friday at [14:30]. I'd like a table for 4, please?
Your table is all set, reference #J0U97VPD . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! Are there any trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street?
Yes, there are several trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street.


Can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by [12:30]?
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming to cambridge from Lecester.
Six trains match your criteria. The first train leaves at 05:09 and arrives by 06:54. Do you want to book a seat on this train or another?
I need to arrive by 12:30 not 6:54. Try again please
I'm sorry about that. The TR3404 arrives at 11:54. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on wednesday.
the earliest train I can get for you arrives at 11:54 the tr3404 how many tickets please?
I need a booking for 4 people.
I booked your train ride. It is going to cost 151.19 GBP and your reference number is NIGO21EH .
I am looking for a hotel called [worth house].
Great guesthouse located at 152 Chesterton Road.
Thanks. Can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 3 nights on the day we get there?
your booked at the Worth House reference number is 9HLR5ZQO . Can I help you with anything else?
That's everything. Thanks for all your help.
If you need anything else, please let us know.
I will. Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good day.


I am in need of a train that can arrive by [12:45] an leave on Saturday.
There are 150 trains that match your requirements. What is your destination, and from where are you traveling?
I want to get to Norwich please.
There is a train that arrives at Norwich at 10:55. Would you like to book that?
Does it depart from Cambridge?
Yes, the train goes from Cambridge to Norwich on Saturday. It departs at 9:36 and arrives at 10:55. There is also a train that arrives at 11:55 on the same route.
Let me get the train ID and price for the one arriving at 11:55.
The train ID is TR9588 and the cost is 14.08 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No, but I have all the information I need. Thanks.
You are quite welcome!


Please be a darling and find me a moderately priced place to dine in the East
sure, i have 3 options for you
Could you give me all three options please?
curry prince, indian, rajmahal indian or pizza hut in the east
How about [Pizza Hut]? I need a reservation for 4 people at [17:45] on Tuesday.
Done! Your reference number is DIWCUNVI . Do you need anything else?
No thanks. I think that took care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
Okay goodbye, have a lovely day!


I'm in need of a place to stay for the night, I'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
There are two. One is cheap, one is expensive. Which do you prefer?
Either as long as it includes free parking and internet is optional.
Both alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel offer those amenities. Would you like more information on either of these options?
Do either of those have free wifi?
yes. both have WiFi connection
Thanks! What's the phone number?
Alexander bed and breakfast can be reached by phone at 01223525725. Do you want university arms phone also?
Sure. Please give me that one as well.
Ok. that phone number is 01223351241. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you! I will give them a call.
Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help!
You're very welcome. Good day!


Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern [european] foods for modest prices.
Yes, there's [The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill] located in the centre and is on Quayside Off Bridge Street. Their phone number is 01223307030.
That sounds terrific. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you make reservations for us? We'll need a table for 6 on Sunday at [16:30].
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is DA8CHTDS . You need need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you. Good-bye.
You're welcome, good bye!


I'm looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the east.
There is [Pizza Hut fen ditton]. It's moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. 1 person at [16:45] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 37MP7UCY . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.


I need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule.
On what day do you wish to depart?
I need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by [20:30]
I have a train leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 7:08 it's train TR8598. Would you like reservations?
Yes. I will need it for eight people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64.64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: LTQHUT3Y . Can I assist with anything else today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.
What food type are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.
I have five places. Do you prefer, Italian, Chinese, Mexican or Indian?
i dont mind any
Okay, how about Peking Restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre? Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223354755.
Thanks. That is all I need for now.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I want see something particular, can you book reservations for anything?
Most things yes, can you let me know what you want to see?
I'm interested in seeing [sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway]
It is located in the south,can I get the address for you?
Yes and can I get the phone number please?
The address is fen causeway, newnham road. The number is 01223302580.
I also need a place to stay in the north area.
i have five. any price range?
moderately priced and a 4 star rating, please.
I actually have 7 guest houses that would meet your criteria. Do you need parking?
Can you suggest one? Parking is not important, but please let me know if they have it.
The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria and does offer parking and internet.
Is parking at the [Acorn Guest House] free?
Yes. Is there any additional information you need about the Acorn Guest House?
I need to know the postcode and if they have internet.
Yes they have internet, and their postcode is cb41da. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that should be it!
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I need a train that gets me where I'm going by [4:15 PM].
I have no doubt we'll find one. Where are you going, and when?
I'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 16:15
On what time will you be travelling?
Again, I want to arrive by 16:15.
And on which day?
on saturday. book for 3 people
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee of 23.52 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is CCTLXM29 .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay
We have a number of hotels and guesthouses. What area and price range are you looking to book a room?
I would like a hotel in the west. Free parking and wifi are a must.
There are four hotel available.
I'd like a hotel with free parking and also free wifi.
There are four hotels that meet your criteria. Two are cheap, one moderate, and one expensive. Are you wanting to book one of those?
Any of those is fine, I just need the phone number, price range and postcode.
Hobsons house is moderately priced and can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Will that be all?
That is all that I need today, thank you.
Have a great time.


I am going to visit and was told about the [a and b guest house]. Could you help me with that?
Of course! It's a moderate guesthouse in the east with four stars and free wifi. It's located at 124 tenison road cb12dp. May I help with anything else?
What's the phone number and how many stars is it?
4 stars, moderate priced. Their phone is 01223315702. Free internet and located in the east.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and I need it to be expensive.
There are 33 restaurants to choice from that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'd love to try some [European] food.
Okay, we can make are reservation for you at [Eraina]. What time?
Yes, I need a table for 7 please at [18:00].
Can I also get the information on what day you would like to go?
This is for Thursday. Make sure to give a reference number, I need this dinner to go smoothly.
Reference number is 1JM8JOYF . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.


Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking. I prefer a guesthouse though.
There are many. Is there a particular area you prefer?
No, but I'd like it to be moderately priced.
they are many here. we can narrow them down by stating how many stars you want.
that could be anywhere. book for me for 3 people and 4 nightsstarting from sunday.
The [acorn guest house] is a good option for you.
Okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
Great! I booked that room for you. Here is your reference number RKBQJ4LX .
I've got another request I need assistance with please. I am looking to Stansted Airport via train and need help booking it.
Sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
I will travel on Thursday.
Where will you be departing from?


A hotel in the north with free parking, please.
I have 5 hotels that meet your needs 2 are moderately priced and 3 are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Is there any with a 4 star rating and includes free wifi?
Unfortunately there are none on the north side of town that fit your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of the city?
No thank you.
I have Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge on the North side of town. They both have free wifi and parking. Can I book one of those for you?
Do either of those have 4 star ratings?
No, I'm sorry. There are several guesthouses with 4 stars. Kirkwood House is in the north and has fee parking and WiFi. Can I reserve a room?
What is Kirkwood House's address, postcode, and price range?
Kirkwood house is a moderately priced hotel and its address is 172 chesterton road, cb41da.
Thank you for the help, that's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a nice stay!


I'm hoping to find a place to eat.
Do you have any food type preferences?
I would like to eat [international] food.
I have 3 restaurants serving this type of food. Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I would like moderate pricing.
The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the moderate range. Do you have a preference?
I would like to pick a restaurant in the north.
There is no listing in the North,do you want to try a different area?


I'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.
Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place called [cambridge and county folk museum]
Cambridge and county folk museum is located on the west area at 2-3 castle street postcode cb30aq.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the [Meze Bar] Restaurant please.
I have it here. What would you like to know?
Could you book a table for 1 at [16:30] on Monday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JGNMHYR5 . Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.
Your booking was successful. Your taxi will be a blue Audi and the contact number is 07434215242. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you that's all I needed today.
Have a nice day and enjoy your trip!


I need to book a train that leaves after [13:45] on Tuesday.
What is your destination?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.
The first train out of Cambridge after 13:45, going to London Liverpool Street, is the TR9404, which leaves at 13:59.
Ok, how much is the ticket?
The ticket is 16.60 pounds.
I cant afford that is there anything cheaper?
Unfortunately, there is not from that destination.
I will have to take it then.
Just to confirm, would you like me to book Train TR9494 for 1 seat?
yes. im also looking for a place to eat
I was able to book the ticket the reference number is ZPDXC5NW . What area would you like the restaurant?
I would like a [Italian] food in the centre.
There are several Italian restaurants in the center. Do you want a cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
Price doesn't matter. Can you recommend one that you love?
i recommend the [don pasquale pizzeria]. do you need a reservation?
Yes I do, for the same day. We will need a table for 6 at [10:15] please.
Okay great! I was able to book that and your reference number is FU7FV4QM .
Thank you , that is all
Can I look up anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That is all for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Could you give me some places to go in Cambridge?
We have some great museums in Cambridge as well as great restaurants, nightclub's, multiple sports and cinema's. Do you have anything particular in mind?
I am looking for an attraction in the centre.
Are you more interested by architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, or theatres?
I'm not really sure, you can surprise me with something you think would be fun. I just would need the postcode please.
How about [all saints church]? The postcode is cb58bs.
That'll work just fine. I'm also looking to book a train.
There are over 2,800 trains - I will need some more information to narrow down your search. Let's start with your destination please.
Of course, I would like to travel to Cambridge on Sunday.
Departure location? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Leaving from Ely, sometime after [08:30] please.
There are 8 trains available. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have one in mind, no.
There is a train leaving from Ely at 09:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:52. How does that sound?
That would be great. Can you get me 8 tickets on that train, and give me the reference number?
I have booked your order, your total is 28.16
May I have the reference number please?
My fault! It's T3AWW926 . Can I help you with anything else?
No, that seems to be everything today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!


i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.
I'm sorry, we don't have a multiple sports attraction in town centre. Would you like something else?
Sure, is there a college I could visit? I'd like it to be in the town's centre please.
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Do you have a specific one you like to check out?
Which one would you suggest and what is the entrance fee?
Sidney sussex college will be a mind blowing experience, would you like more information?
Please let me know what the entrance fee is.
The entrance is free. Is there anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a moderate place to stay with a 0 star rating. Does not need to have free parking.
There is [cityroomz] it's a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.
You are all set, the reference number is ZS2OUTXD
Alright thats everything thanks
It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day. Goodbye.


Can you tell me if there are any museums in the west part of town?
There are 7 museums in the west part of town. All but one are free to enter. Do you have any further criteria?
It needs to be in the west.
Would you like to visit cafe jello gallery? It is in the west with free entrance.
Sure thing, may I have their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223312112
I also need a [seafood] restaurant that is in that same area
Sorry, looks like there are no restaurants in the area with those requirements.
How about an expensive restaurant in the west serving [European] food?
The [Cambridge lodge restaurant] fits all your criteria. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like reservations for four for [seven o'clock tomorrow evening].
I'm sorry that booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time or another day?
Actually can I get reservations for 7 at [20:00] on Friday?
No problem. I have you booked on Friday at 20:00 for 7. Anything else I can help you with?
Could I get the reference number for that booking please.
Your reference number for the restaurant reservation is QT2C8PNF . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like a taxi to take me to the restaurant by my reservation time.
Will you be heading to the restaurant directly from [Cafe Jello Gallery]?
Yes, please. Do you have their phone number?
Booking for your taxi was successful. The contact number is 07760432022 and the care will be a white volvo.
Thank you very much. That's all I'll need today!
Ok then. Goodbye.


I am looking for a nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG, and the telephone is 01223358966.
Thanks! That is all I need, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.


Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.
There are several options with your criteria.
The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the expensive price range.
There are no guesthouses with those criteria. Would you like to look in a different part of town?
i didn't mention a specific part of town.
I am sorry but there are no accommodations that meet your criteria. Would you be willing to try a top rated but less expensive hotel?
Ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the north with free parking?
How about the [Worth House], it fits those requests and has a 4 star rating.
Sounds good. I'll need rooms for 3 people, for 2 nights.
Okay, what day would you like your stay to begin?
We're arriving on Thursday.
I apologize, i was unable to complete your booking. Is there another day for arrival, or possibly a shorter stay?
Are there any other cheap guesthouses in the north with free parking? My schedule is inflexible I'm afraid.
There is, but booking was unsuccessful at the [city centre north b and b] as well.
Is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on Thursday for 2 nights? I still need free parking.
I am sorry your booking is still unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Are there any guest house available for my requested days?
Sorry, I tried to book a stay for 2 guests earlier. You're staying at the City Centre North B and B, reference number 28UEK6JH!
Great! Now I need a train to go to birmingham new street after [10:15] on Saturday.
There is a train to birmingham new street that leaves at 11:01 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, can you please just give me the time, price, and train ID number?
TR5669 is the one that leaves at 11:01. The tickets are 60.08 pounds each and the trip is 163 minutes. Anything else?
Sure, you can book that train now -- just for me, please.
Great it's been booked the reference number is DR5MNOOS
Okay great that is all I needed.
Thank you for calling!


I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.
I can help with that. What area will you be staying in?
The area does not matter. But will for sure want it to be an actual hotel.
I have the in the [Huntington Marriott hotel] city center that is rated 4 stars and include free parking and free wifi. Would you like me to check availabiltiy?
Yes, please book it if possible.
What day would you like to leave
I don't want to leave. I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 6 of us.
And you never have to leave if you don't want to. I have booked a reservation at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and the reference number is EQNKY1ZC . Anything else?
Yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, [modern european] will do.
There are 3 restaurants matching your query. Do you prefer the south or the centre?
I would like the restaurant in the same area, Cambridge, please.
And would you prefer the south of Cambridge or the centre of Cambridge?
I'm not picky with the area. I just want it to be moderately priced.
I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in this area. Would you like to try another?
I was looking for a restaurant. I already have a hotel reservation
There are a couple in the centre area and one in the south area. Do you have a preference?
I would like one that serves [northern european] food, if possible.
We have quite a few choices for you today, how about [de luca cucina and bar], you can a few drinks while your there!
Thats sounds great. can i get the area and address ?
The area is the centre. The address is 83 Regent Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by [22:00].
Will you be going back to the hotel or somewhere else?
The hotel I guess.
Great. I was able to book your car with no issues. They will be driving a black Tesla and you will be able to contact them at 07224648595.
Great I believe that covers everything. Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting us today. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.


Are you able to help me find an expensive [British] restaurant in Cambridge please?
What area would you like the restaurant to be located in?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend a restaurant? As long as it serves expensive British food I'll be happy.
I would recommend [Fitzbillies restaurant] in the centre of town, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please reserve a table for 6 people at [12:45] on thursday
OK, I have your reservation booked. Your reference number is 0SAJLXK8 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye!
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [sri lankan] food in the centre.
There are not any restaurants serving Sri Lankan food in the centre of town. Should I check another type of food?
Yes, are there any options for [Italian] food in the centre?
There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center. Do you have a preferred price range?
I'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the cheap restaurants, please.
Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Could I be of further assistance?
I'm looking for entertainment spots to visit near the restaurant. What kinds of things are there to do?
I have a lot of attractions to choose from in the centre. Perhaps you would be interested in visiting a church?
I'm interested in entertainment activities. Are there any theaters in the area of the restaurant?
There are four theatres near the centre. They are: adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me about colleges in the center of town?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Some of them have free entrance and some of them charge a fee.
Give me your recommendation for a college with a free entrance fee. Please include a phone number too.
I've heard great things about [Hughes Hall]. Their entrance fee is free. Would you like more information about them?
Can I get their phone number please
Hughes hall's phone number is 01223334898. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an entrance fee?
No. It is free to tour Hughes Hall.
Okay thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.


Are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend?
There are many expensive restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like to eat [Indian] food.
There are 5 Indian restaurants available in the centre. What day are you looking to dine?
I need a reservation for Thursday. There will be 1 person at [11:15]. Any of the 5 restaurants would be fine.
I was able to get you a table at [The Golden Curry]. Your reference number is 7DD4DK3N and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .
[Da Vinci pizzeria] is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like their location?
Yes.
they are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
What is their postcode?
the postcode is CB41JY is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you good bye
Thank you.


Would you be able to tell me whether there are any multiple sports venues in the center of town?
There no places that match those criteria, but there is one in east.
Actually, let's try looking for a college instead and still in the centre of town.
There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Most of them are free. Downing College on Regent Street is beautiful. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, may I please get the phone number and the postcode as well?
Yes, the phone number is 01223334860 and the post code is cb21dq.
I'm also looking for somewhere to dine. Can you help with that?
Absolutely, what kind of food would you like?
I want some [Portuguese] food in the same area.
Okay I have one in the center of town called [Nandos City] Center. Would you like a reservation or their telephone number?
I'd like you to reserve a table for me at [15:15] on Friday for 1 person.
Your table for 1 has been booked. Reference number is : G48PAWW0 . Will you need a taxi?
Not, that's all for today. Goodbye !
So glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye!


I'm looking for somewhere in town to go to where I can enjoy entertainment. Do you have any suggestions?
There are many options. Did you have a specific area or activity in mind?
Nothing specific, but I would like to know the entrance fee associated with the activity.
I would recommend the [All Saints Church] to visit. The entrance fee there is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also trying to find a good restaurant for lunch.
Cambridge has dozens of fine eateries. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I'm looking for [Turkish] cuisine.
Okay there are three located in the centre. What is your price range?
The price range should be moderate.
i recommend [efes restaurant]. can i give you the address?
Actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at [18:15] for Thursday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B4IPF338 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, Please reserve a taxi that can reach both areas, I would like to arrive by the booked time, Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.
For how many people, and when would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 1[8:15] on thursday.
A yellow skoda taxi will pick you up at all saints church to bring you to efes restaurant by 8:15. Your contact number is 07455408697. Is there anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.
Have a great time.
thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a particular hotel.
Do you know which hotel or the area the hotel is in?
[University Arms Hotel].
Yes I have located the University Arms and it is located in the center. Would you like a booking?
Yes thank you. 2 nights for two people starting on monday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is OG3NRCWJ . Will that be all?
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Tuesday.
Ok, where you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after [11:45], please.
And from where are you departing?
I am departing from cambridge. Can you please provide me with the train id and travel time. thank you.
Sure. TR0743 will be the train you want, and it has a travel time of 49 minutes.
Excellent, thanks for all of your help!
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.
We have 23 guesthouses offering free WiFi. Do you have other preferences, as well?
Something in the east, please.
[A and B guest house] is available.
That sounds like it will work. Do they have a star rating? If so, can I get the postcode.
A and B Guest House has a four-star rating, and their postcode is cb12dp. Would you like me to book that for you? I should mention there's no parking.
No that's okay, I just wanted to learn about it. Thanks!
You are welcome. Do you need additional information about restaurants or attractions?
No, not at this time. Thanks for your help.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from cambridge, what kinds of options are there?
There are about 70 options. Do you have a particular travel day?
I would like to travel on Thursday and get there before [13:30].
Train TR2929 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Thursday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 12:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people, and I will need the reference number please.
I got 6 tickets for you your reference number is ADZ8DIQ2 .
Thanks, I also am looking for a hotel called [finches bed and breakfast] a friend mentioned.
I found it, it's a cheap guesthouse in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.
Your reservation is confirmed. Your reference number is 31S3UK6M . Can I help with anything else?
No, that is everything I need. Thank you for all your help!
If there is nothing else you need help with, have a great day. Goodbye.


I would like to find a museum in the centre.
How about broughton house gallery? It's free of charge.
Sure! What's the address of the [Broughton House Gallery]?
The address is 98 King Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves [turkish] food.
Anatolia is an excellent choice. They're located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Would you like to book a table?
Can you please tell me if it's in the same area as the gallery? I'm not familiar with the town.
Yes, it is also in the centre of town
Great. Please make a reservation for two on Sunday.
Ok I will book it for you


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
How about Charlie Chan? It is cheap and delicious.
Is there anything else?
There is Royal Spice if you like Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria if you like Italian. Would you like more info on either of those?
Yes please.
For which would you like more information, the Royal spice, or the Da Vinci Pizzeria.
What is the phone number?
Royal Spice's phone number is 01733 553355, and Da Vinci Pizzeria's is 01223 351707.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I got into a car accident and need help figuring out what to do next.
You should contact the police at 01223358966.
Ok thanks. I'd also like to know where the nearest police station is.
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge and the Postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!


I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.
Sure thing. There are 2 hotels available, Gonville hotel and University Arms Hotel. Which hotel do you prefer?
Which hotel is a star of 3?
[Gonville], shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Please book it for 7 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights.
I 'm afraid the booking was unsuccesful. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try it for one night then please
Success. Your reference number is NQF2R59K .
Thank you. I also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday.
Do you have a departure or arrival time you would like?
I am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by [08:00] for a meeting.
TR1047 will get you there by 7:27, will that work for you?
Yes please book the the train for 7 people and can I get the reference number.
The Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Reference number is : 1P1T8F7D . May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you and have a nice day. Bye
The duration lasts 88 minutes. Have a nice day.


Can you suggest somewhere around here where I can see multiple sports and is in the centre?
I'm sorry. I was unable to find anything that matched that criteria. Can I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please see if there are any types of colleges located in the centre?
Yes there are five colleges in centre. Four are free to get into, one is 2 pounds.
Could you give me the address for the one that is 2 pounds.
That address is king's parade.
I need a train out of Cambridge as well. I need to leave on Friday.
What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.
There are several available. Do you have a preference on time?
I would like to leave after [09:00].
What time would you like to arrive by?
i dont mind as long as we leave after 09:00
I have a train here that is leaving from Cambridge on Friday at 09:06 and arrives at 09:56. Would this be good for you?
Yes. That's perfect. I need 4 tickets please
Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3071 train was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : NZFZ3VHB .
Ok. Thanks. I am all set.
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!


Please find a restaurant that serves [Latin American] food.
I'm sorry I couldn't find a Latin American restaurant is there another type of food you'd like?
Is there a [British] restaurant in the center of town?
There isn't, I'm sorry, could there be anything else?
Oh no, my friend told me there was a really great British place in the centre. Can you double check?
We have wonderful British restaurants in the center of town! My favorite is The [Cambridge Chop House], but it's a little expensive.
Sounds great. I want to book for 7 people on friday at [17:15].
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BMZ45SHV . Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the booking. Will you help me find an attraction in the centre near the restaurant? A swimmingpool would be ideal.
[Parkside Pools] is in that area. Their phone number is 01223446400.
Thanks, what is the address along with postcode? Also is there an entrance fee?
My computer is not showing anything regarding an entrance fee, I'm sorry about that. The address is Gonville Place, and the postcode is cb11ly. Anything else I can help you with?
That's alright. Can you book a taxi to take me from the pool to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me car type and contact number
I have booked a white tesla for you. Contact number: 07825756363. Does that take care of everything for you today, or did you want more help?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.
You're very welcome Let us know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for something to do in the centre, what do you have?
There is a lot to do in the centre. What type of attraction are you most interested in?
Are there any good nightclubs in that part of town?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, would you like more information about them?
I think I would just like you to recommend one.
They just added a second floor at Club [Salsa]. It's a must see. They are located at 1 Station Road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! I also need a train that goes to Peterborough and arrives there at [14:45]. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
There are 18 available trains that day. Could you tell me what time you would be departing?
I am not sure what time I want to leave yet. Can you give me a list of travel time and departure times?
It sounds like TR3102 would be a great choice. It arrives by 14:24.
Okay, thanks! When does it depart, and how long is the ride?
It departs at 13:34 and is 50 minutes long. is there anything else i can help you with?
No that's all the help I need for now. Thanks
Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you for using the Cambridge help desk.


Do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the North part of town?
We have two places that meet your criteria, royal spice and da vinci pizzeria, any preference between those two?
[Royal spice] sounds interesting, can I get the food type, address and postcode please?
The food price is cheap, postal cold cb41eh and address is victoria avenue chesterton.
What kind of food do they serve there?
Royal Spice serves [Indian] food. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant.
We have quite a few cheap and moderate priced guesthouses in the north. Do you care about parking or internet?
I'm hoping for a 3 star place, don't care about internet.
The [Hamilton Lodge] meets your needs and offers parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
I have your party of 7 booked at Hamilton Lodge for 2 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is EW29SOTO .
Thank you for all your help!
Will that be all today?
That is all I need today.
I hope your stay is enjoyable.
Thank you! I am sure it will be thanks to your help.
excellent, have a great day!


I am a museum buff, does not matter what they have in them, I'll go. What museums are in Cembridge?
We have 79 museums in town. What part of town would you prefer?
Anywhere should be fine, thanks!
Okay, how about [byard art] located on 14 king's parade?
please get me their phone number and entrance fee
They're free to enter, and their phone number is 01223464646.
That helps. Thanks. Can you help me find a train for Friday please?
Yes, Where is your destiantion and what date & time?
I would like to go from cambridge to boxbourne on friday.
We have about 19 options. May i know your preferred travel and arrival time so i can recommend one for you.
friday and I want to leave after [19:15] going to broxbourne to cambridge, I just need the trains id please
okay the TR3342 leaves at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.
Thank you very much for you help. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.


I'm looking for a museum in the town centre.
There are 11 museums in the town centre. What would you like the entrance fee to be?
Find me the best deal, can I get the address and postcode of that?
Broughton house gallery has free entry at 98 king street postcod cb11ln
Thank you. Could you help find me a train that goes to London Kings Cross and arrives by [09:15]?
What is your departure site and your departure day and time?
I would like to depart from Cambridge on Wenesday.
I have a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would you like to book it?
I need to book the train fro 5 people. Are there enough seats available?
Yes, I was able to book the train for you for 5 people. The total fee is 118 GBP and the reference number is LJQGVGEA .
That's perfect, thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for today.
Great! Have a wonderful day.


I would like to visit a museum.
Great! What area are you looking for?
Any area would be fine. Can you recommend one for me?
The [cambridge and county folk museum] is in the west area. Would you care for more information on it?
Oh yes please. That sounds wonderful. Can you get me the address and tell me what the entrance fee is?
Sure. It's located at 2-3 Castle Street and the fee is 3.50 pounds. Anything else?
That's great. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye!


I am looking for a restaurant near the centre, moderate priced, please.
Yes, are you wanting any particular type of food?
I would like [british] food please.
How about the [restaurant one seven] that serves British food and is in the moderate price range?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 8 people on Friday at [13:30]?
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F9G08K4X .
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the same area as the restaurant
I have 11 museums in that area. The [castle galleries] is one of my favorites. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the number and address?
their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. phone number is 01223307402. anythin else?
That is everything thank you.
You're welcome, Have a great day.


I want [British] food that is moderately priced.
There are several restaurants serving british food. Would you prefer the centre or west part of town?
How about the West part of town.
Saint Johns Chop House matches your request. It is located at 21-24 Northampton Street c.b 3, 0 A.D, the phone number is 01223 353110.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.


Hello. I need to catch a train leaving on Monday. Can you help me find something?
Yeah sure but you need a departure/arrival city and time.
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by [12:45]
TR5431 fits your criteria and will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.
Reference number is : 4HWC0OMV . Do you need anything else?
I also need to find out some information about the [lensfield hotel]
Ah, yes, the Lensfield is a very nice hotel. It's on the south end of the city and is quite expensive, but they have free wifi. Would you like a room?
No, but can you provide their address. Oh, and do they have free parking?
Their address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and they do offer free parking
Excellent. That's all I need.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. Have a good day.


Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves [North American] food? Thanks.
Unfortunately, I am unable to locate a moderately priced North American restaurant. I did find an expensive one, would you be interested in that?
No. How about [Italian] food?
Sure. There are five moderately priced italian restaurants. Would you prefer a certain part of town?
Perhaps the center? But I don;t think I have a preference.
[Pizza Express] is a great place that serves moderately priced Italian in the city centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Sunday at [15:00].
I was able to book for you. Do you need a reference number?
Yes, I do need it. I'm also looking for a train that goes to Leicester after [18:30]. Is there anything available?
What day do you need to leave?
I need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge.
There are 5 different trains on that day. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes please. I just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.
the train id is TR0335. Booking was successful, the total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 13V7H457 .
Thanks that's all I need today
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.


Find me a college in the centre, please.
There are thirteen to choose from. Downing College is nice, and of course there's always Trinity College. Can I get you more information about them, or one of the others?
Maybe [Trinity College]. What's their entrance fee, phone number, and what postcode are they in, please?
Entrance fee is just 1 pound. Their phone is 01223338400 and post code is cb21tq. Does that sound good to you?
Yes thank you. I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same area.
Any criteria come in mind for the restaurant as far as price, location, type of food?
Would like to dine somewhere with a moderate price range.
The Oak Bistro is a nice British Restaurant in the centre. Does that sound appetizing?
Does that serve [European] food?
Yes it does serve European food. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like a table for 2 on Tuesday at [18:45] if that's possible.
My apologies. [The Oak Bistro] is a British restaurant, but if you want a restaurant that specializes in European food, I'd suggest [Galleria]. How about booking that?
Sounds good. I need it for 2 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.
I was able to successfully book you for 2 at 18:45 on Tuesday at [Galleria]. The reference number is MWT848BZ . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.
What time would you like to leave?
I just want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time. When would you recommend I schedule the cab?
I can schedule a taxi for you from here, I can book one for the closest time to 18:45.
Great, can I get the contact number and the car type?
Sure, look for a white Tesla. The reference number is 07472267746. May I be of further assistance to you today?
No, that is all that I needed. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you book me a taxi to [riverside brasserie]?
Sure! Where are you coming from?
I will be leaving the [good luck] chinese food takeaway.
Ok, what time would you like to leave by?
I actually need to arrive by [12:45]
Your booking is completed, a grey honda will be picking you up. The contact number is 07290151077.
Ok thank you that is all I need.
Excellent. Have a nice day!


I'm looking for a [Mexican] restaurant with expensive food.
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] is very good. Would you like a table?
Is that in the south area of town?
Yes. Shall I book it?
Yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at [14:30] on Friday?
I've made those reservations and your reference number are OZZGLCVB .
Thank you. That's all I need today!
Okay I am glad I could be of help. Thank you for calling.
Hey, wait, just a second! I just remembered, I need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a hotel.
There are 3 places available. Do you have an area in mind?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd just like it to be expensive, please?
i have 2 places. the [huntingdon marriott hotel] and the university arms hotel. which would you like?
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y79YGBO7 . Anything else I can help with?
Thanks have a nice day.
Thanks, you too.


I'm looking for a particular attraction called [funky fun house].
Yes, it is at 8 Mercers row, with a phone of 01223304705.
Can you tell me the address?
8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Anything else you need to know?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a guesthouse called the [arbury lodge].
Arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderate price 4 star guesthouse located north. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?


Where in the centre can I dine? I want something expensive.
well then may I suggest kymmoy, they serve asian oriental and that's where I go to dine
Can you recommend a [Polish] restaurant instead?
Unfortunately, we no longer have any Polish restaurants in town. The only one we had closed last month. Can I find something else for you?
How about one with [gastropub] food?
There are two options - the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do either of those sound good to you?
Yes can you give me the address and phone number of the slug and lettuce?
Sure. I don't have their telephone number but their address is 34 - 35 Green Street.
Thanks! I also need a train arriving at [17:15] on Monday.
Where you be departing from?
I'm departing from Longon Kings Cross.
There is a train that arrives at 16:08. Would you like to book it?
What's the travel time on that train?
The travel time is 51 minutes.
What time does it depart?
51 minutes is the length of the ride, anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you.
The train departs from london kings cross at 15:17. Do you want me to book the train for you?
No. I just need to know the departure time and how long it takes.
It departs at 15:17, and is a 51-minute ride. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a great day.


i am looking for the [gonville hotel]
it is an expensive hotel in the centre. can i give you their contact?
Actually, I am ready to book. Can you book the Gonville Hotel for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Thursday?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is ZP33SYC4 . Will that be all?
I would also like to find a boat attraction.
There are four. One in the east, one in the north, and two in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I'm actually looking for something in the South. If there are no boat attractions there can you find me a nightclub?
There is one nightclub, The Place, would you like their information?
Please provide the entrance fee and phone number for me
The entrance fee is unknown.
Ok if you read carefully, I also asked for the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223324600. Perhaps they can inform you how much the entrance fee is.
Thank you goodbye
Contact us anytime. Good bye.


Can you tell me about a hotel called [city centre north b and b]?
It is located at 328a histon road cb43ht. Their phone number is 01223312843.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse? And do they happen to provide free Internet?
Yes on both of those. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for an [Indian] restaurant to eat at.
We have 22 great indian restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I would like it to be expensive.
I would recommend [taj tandoori]. Can I book it for you?
Sure. I'll be going there on Thursday [12:30] with two other people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9WPR3VG2 .
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great night!


Hello I need help finding the nearest police station.
There is a station in Parkside, Cambridge. Would you like the phone number as well?
If you could just get me the postcode and address, that would be perfect.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. The post code is CB11JG.
Thanks! That's all I need for now.
Okay. Hope that helps!


I need a train from broxbourne on Tuesday.
I can definitely take care of that for you. Where are you heading to?
Travelling to Cambridge, I need to arrive by [14:45].
We have 9 such trips. Any preference on leaving?
No, but I need two tickets.
TR4537 has been booked for you. lt leaves at 07:32 and arrives at 08:32. The reference number is 8UMHY366 .
Great. That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hi, I need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking. Do you have anything like that?
Yes, there are quite a few 4 star hotels with free parking. What area would you like to stay in?
Thanks, I need a 4 star hotel in the east, the hotel needs to has free parking.
There are some guestrooms that fit those requirements. Can I book a room at [Carolina Bed and Breakfast] for you?
I need to book it starting Saturday for 3 nights. There will be 3 guests.
No problem. Your reference number is U6E0DEZR .
Thanks so much. That's all I need.
I'm happy to be of service. Please don't hesitate to contact us again if you have more questions. Goodbye!


I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.
The [bedouin] is a nice choice. Do you want to book ?
Is that a [gastropub]?
Yes. The Bedouin serves gastropub food and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 4 people at [16:30] on wednesday?
I apologize the Bedouin serves african food. Could I recommend the Slug and Lettuce, or backstreet bistro, if you would prefer something moderately priced the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
[The Slug and Lettuce] would be fine. It will need to be on Wednesday for 4 people. We'd like to eat at 16:30.
Okay, you're all booked. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 32V8AA4N . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.
Cambridge has 10 options that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area in which you would like to stay?
Yes, I would prefer to stay in the south.
[Rosa's] bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south, with a 4 star rating, free wifi and cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on Wednesday.
Okay, I've got it booked for you for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. The reference number is: HRT9EL5L . Is there anything else I do for you?
Can you also book a taxi for me between the guesthouse and the restaurant?
Yes what time would you like to travel by taxi?
I would like to arrive in time for our booked time at [the Slug and Lettuce].
You're all set. Your car will be a white toyota. If you need to contact the driver, you can call 07073603005.
That is all I need to know. Thanks.
You are welcome, just let me know if you need anything else.


I want to find a place that serves [australasian] food.
I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any results for australasian food in our system.
OK. Is there anything for [modern european] food?
There are several restaurants serving modern European food. Do you have an area or price preference?
I don't care
[darrys cookhouse and wine shop] might be one you would enjoy.
Sounds good. What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 505015. Would you like any additional information?
No thank you. Goodbye!
Good bye.


I am looking for a train departing from stansted airport.
There are 133 trains departing from that location. What destination would you like to travel to?
I want to leave on monday after [21:45] and arrive in cambridge.
We have the TR7956 arriving in Cambridge on Monday at 22:52. Does that fit into your schedule?
Yes. Can you please book that for 5 people and provide my reference number for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6UVY4MBA . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you tell me what types of entertainment are in the centre area?
There are no entertainment attractions located in the centre of town.
What about nightclubs?
Certainly, We have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, , kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
How about [Soul Tree Nightclub]? Could you send me the entrance fee and address?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Can I help you with anything else?
What time does it open its doors?
I'm sorry, but I don't have that information in my database. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I am all set.
Great! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo! Goodbye!


I am visiting the centre area and need to find an attraction to visit.
There are 44 in the centre of town. Could we narrow it down to architecture, college, museum, or theater?
What is one of your favorites? I would need the phone number and type of attraction.
I actually prefer the cambridge university botanic gardens. They're classed as a park, and their number is 01223336265.
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay while I'm in town.
Sure. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, it needs to be in the same area as the attraction, cheap price range, free wifi but doesnt need to have free parking. Do you have anything like that?
We have alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai, both are guesthouses any preference?
[Alexander Bed and Breakfast] sounds nice. Can you make a reservation for two for Saturday?
Definitely. Did you just want that for one day?
I actually need it for 3 nights
Your reservation for 2 people at the alexander bed and breakfast this saturday for 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : Q0IABNP7 .
Thank you so much that was all I needed.
Great! Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a concerthall in the centre.
The place to go is the man on the moon. Need a phone number?
No thanks. I'm actually looking for an address please.
The address is 2 norfolk street.
i'm also trying to catch a train on saturday.
Sure, I can help you with that. What time were you wanting to leave around?
I would like to leave after [8:15].
Which stations will you be using?
Broxbourne and Cambridge.
Which will you be leaving from ?
I will be departing from Broxbourne.
One more question: What day will you be travelling?
On Saturday, please.
There are many trains getting to cambridge on saturday from broxbourne. Do you have a specific time you want to be there by?
The train should leave after 08:15.
We have trains running every hour from 08:32 to 23:32. I can get you on the TR2025 that leaves at 10:32 if you'd like.
What is the price for the TR2025? And how long is the trip?
Please Provide me with this information, as I cannot travel without it.
I am still waiting on that information. Can I get the cost of the ticket and the travel time please!
Sorry about that, the TR2025 costs 14.32 pounds, and is a 60 minute trip. The TR9384 leaves earlier, at 8:32, and costs the same amount. Want me to book one?
No thank you! That will be all for today!
Thank you for using this system goodbye


I'd love to find an [Asian Oriental] restaurant. Something moderately priced.
May I recommend [yippee noodle bar], located at 40428 King street in the centre of town?
That's perfect, thank you!
Is that all? Would you like be to book? Anything else you need?
Yes please book it for 3 people on Sunday at [14:45] please.
I apologize but there were no openings for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes, could you try [13:45]?
Your booking was successful. They will reserve your table for 15 minutes, and your reference number is Q9J4799I . Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. Have a good rest of your day.
You as well, enjoy your meal.


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant where I can eat [african] food.
I would recommend the [Bedouin] at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, a table for two at 5:00. Thanks!
Which day would you like that for?
I would prefer Sunday at [15:30].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NUW9RNII .
I also need a train from Kings Lynn on Sunday.
What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by [12:00].
TR7763 arrives 11:58 and will cost you 7.84 pounds. can we book?
Yes that sounds perfect!
How many tickets will you need?
Actually I'm sorry I don't need it booked right now. May I get travel time, and departure time?
Of course. TR7763 leaves Kings Lynn on Sunday at 11:11. The duration of the trip will be 47 minutes with arrival in Cambridge at 11:58.
Thank you very much. That is all for now.
Are you sure I can't help you find some attractions while in town?
Actually, I need a table for 5, not 2, sorry about that.
Okay, we've made the change from 2 to 5. The reference number is 5A2M3RB9 . Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you for the help!
excellent, have a great day!


Can you help me find a hotel called [El Shaddai]? Thanks.
Yes, El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the town centre. Would you like to book this guesthouse?
Yes, I think so. I hear a lot of good things about them. Can you book me a room for 7 people for 2 nights on Friday please?
Your booking was successful, the reference number is OQ4FTSP6, can i help with anything else?
I also need a train going to stevenage and arriving there by [13:00].
Sure, I can help you with that. What day were you wanting to leave on?
I'd like to leave cambridge on sunday, please.
TR8464 is your best bet. It leaves Cambridge at 11:21 on Sunday and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
May I please have the price for this train?
The cost is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your visit.


am looking for a train it should leave on saturday and should go to cambridge
Ok, what is your departure site?
I would like to leave from kings lynn and get to Cambridge by [9:00 pm].
Please confirm you are leaving from kings lynn and want to arrive at 21:00.
yes, that is correct.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DDYPIE2S .
Thank you for all of your help! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
No I don't need anything
You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need anything in the future.


I would like to know what tourist attractions are in the south end of town? Preferably something family friendly and moderately priced.
Are you perhaps looking for a hotel? I've got two moderately priced guesthouses on the south end.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with some moderate pricing and they must include free parking, can you help me with that?
I am sorry but I am not finding anything in the moderate price range for the centre of town. However, I did find two in the south.
No let's try the east side of town.
Yes I have two options for you, both with free parking. both are guesthouses and one is a bed and breakfast.
Let's try the guesthouse. Could you please book it for 2 people for 3 nights from Thursday? I will need the reference number as well.
I successfully booked your room at the [Warkworth House]. The reference number is UH7ZYX20 .
I will also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking heading to Kings Lynn.
I have several trains heading to Kings Lynn on Thursday. Where and what time would you like your departure to be?
I need to depart from Kings Lynn aft [19:00] on Thursday.
I've found a train leaving Kings Lynn on Thursday at 19:11, would you like me to book that for you?
Hmm, how long is the travel time on that one? And when does it arrive? Can you get me the price, too?
Travel time is 47 minutes. Arrival time would be 20:58. Ticket cost would be 9.80


I'm hoping to find a [french] restaurant in Cambridge.
There are two. Both are expensive. One is in the north and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
How about the North? Can I get a table there Thursday at [16:30] for 7?
I'm sorry, [Restaurant Two Two] doesn't have availability then. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes, would I be able to get a table there Thursday at [18:00] for 7?
I'm sorry 18:00 on Thursday is also unavailable. Would you like to try a different day?
Well how about [15:30] then?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OAEJMYOI .
I am also looking for an attraction to go to. Is there any in town?
We have nearly 80 different attractions in town. First off, is there a type of attraction you would prefer? Or an area of town to search in?
Please recommend something in the South.
How about a cinema or museum? There's also The Place, which is a nightclub. Or, The Junction, which is a theatre. How about one of those?
Surprise me and pick one for me! Just make sure to let me know what kind of attraction it is.
How about a theater? Cineworld Cinema is showing all our the newest London films!
I'm not much of a movie man, but I'm sure the others wouldn't mind. That sounds fine.
Great, is there anything else you needed help with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I am looking for a taxi to the [Stevenage train station].
Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
It's important that I arrive no later than [23:30].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [frankie and bennys].
I have confirmed you booking for a taxi, a yellow ford will be picking you up.
Thanks! What is the contact number?
The number is 07629492399 Would you like help with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Have a safe trip!


I need a 4 star place to stay in the north.
I found 5 guesthouses in the north. The Acorn Guest House has free internet and parking. Can I book this guesthouse?
Not at this time. Let me think about it. Thanks!
Okay. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, I would like to book the [Acorn Guest House] for wednesday.
Certainly! How many people are staying and how many nights will you require?
It will be 3 nights for 8 people.
Unfortunately, they were not available for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we please try for 2 nights?
The booking has been completed. Your reference number is : 01P47PJ5 . Is there anything else I could do for you?
What museums do you have in the centre?
The [Castle Galleries] are in the centre.
That sounds good. Can you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is free.
Thanks. Can I also have the address and postcode?
Certainly. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help. Thank you for your time. Goodbye.
Great! Have a wonderful day!


I would like to find an [Italian] restaurant that's expensively priced.
[Clowns Cafe] at 54 King Street City Centre would work well for you. Would you like me to book it?
I want to book a table for 6 people at [20:00] on thursday.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to book that time for you. Would you like to try for another time or day?
Yes please. Can you try [19:00] instead?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SUTXD8Y6 . is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a train out of cambridge on Friday.
I can book you one that leaves at 05:00. How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets please.
I have 202 results. Where would you like to arrive?
I need it to arrive at Birmingham New Street
Okay there are 19 trains making that trip do you have a time you prefer?
Sometime after [8:30], please.
I have 15 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 9:01 to 23:01. The trip duration is 163 minutes. What time would you prefer?
Please book for 6 people the train that departs at 9:01.
I successfully booked you on Train TR3732 for 6 people, total fee of 450.6 GBP. Your reference number is 2ZQNPAPB .
Thank you. That was all I needed for today. Thank you very much.
No problem at all! Remember that the Cambridge TownInfo centre is here for all your 411 needs!


I just got injured and I need to know where the nearest hospital is.
Addenbrookes Hospital is on hills road. Postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you so much.
No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks!
Good luck to you, good bye.


I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?
I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.
I can suggest the [avalon] located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?
It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?
Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is ZG7G439M . Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.
There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
I am leaving after [16:45], can I also get the price for the tickets?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Okay! Would you like to take the train that leaves at 17:06?
i want one that will leave at 16:45 as i said earlier
There is not one that leaves at 16:45.
It doesn't need to leave at 16:45, but after. Sorry about that.
TR5473 leaves Cambridge at 17:06 and arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Will that work for you?
That sounds like it might work, could you just forward me the price of that one please?
That train ride will cost 13.20 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
That will be all today, thank you!
Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Goodbye.


Can you get me information on a hotel called [a and b guest house]?
its a moderate price guesthouse on the east
Do they offer free parking or free internet? I may want to book a room.
They do offer free internet but do not offer free parking. Would you like for me to help you book a room?
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is V68HGSJZ . Will that be all?
I also need to take a train. The train should arrive by [08:30] and should go to Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I will depart from Kings Lynn on Saturday and need to reach Cambridge by 08:30.
There are many trains to choose from. Can you provide me with your departure time?
Unfortunately, I don't know the train schedule. I was hoping you could provide that to me. I just need to arrive by 08:30.
The TR6366 meets your criteria. You'll arrive at 07:58. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please. I need six tickets.
Reference number is : 72J13Z02 .
Thank you for your help.
Not a problem! Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need, thanks again!
No problem, goodbye!


I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel.
I have he [cambridge belfry] in the west area. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does this place have free wifi?
Yes, the cambridge belfry has internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on Friday.
You are booked and your reference number is CK82ZWXD . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a train into Cambridge?
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Birmingham New Street
We have several trains to cambridge the earliest leaves at 05:40 and the latest one leaves at 23:40. Do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
If I could leave on the first one after [16:30]. that would be perfect.
What day would you like to travel?
On Friday, please.
The first one after 16:30 is the TR6477, leaving at 16:40. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Sure. I would like 5 tickets, please.
Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : K5EOIMR6 . Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you!
No problem, enjoy your stay in cambridge.


Can you help me find a good [steakhouse]? Ideally I would like it to be moderately priced, not too fancy or cheap.
I don't have a moderately priced steakhouse. Would you like to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd like steak. Maybe try in the west?
There are no matches found would you like me to look up a different area?
can you find me one that serves [indian] food?
[Meghna] is a moderately priced indian restaurant, it is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please,book a table for 8 people at [17:45] on monday.
Your reference number is ON7EUM19 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm not sure, let me check and see if my husband has any other questions.
Just let me know!
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
what area and when are you planning your stay?
West. And on Monday
There are 4 places in the west. Do you want to book? If so, please give me the number of people and days that you will be staying.
Okay, I need to make sure it's in the moderate price range and that it's a guesthouse.
[hobsons house] fits your requirements nicely. Want to book it?
no thanks. I just need to see if they have free wifi and what their phone number is.
Yes, they do have free internet and their phone number is 01223301906. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by [17:45] on monday from the hotel
You are all set. Is there anything else I can do for you? Booked car type : yellow ford Contact number: 07359918327
Thank you so much for your help. That's all I need.
Thank you goodbye


Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.
We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.
I was able to book you at the [Ashley Hotel]. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination bishops stortford
I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?
That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR . Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.
I'm glad I could help.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
great, what would you like to know?
I would like to find a place with multiple sports in the centre of the city.
Unfortunately, the only multiple sports place I have is in the east. Is there something else you might be interested in?
How about a college instead?
There are quite a few. Some have entrance fees while other are free. Do you have a preference?
No, no preference. Which one do you recommend?
[Christ's college] is in the centre of town. Would you like some information on it?
Yes, may I have their address and entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee for christ's college and it's address is saint andrew's street.
Great. I also need a train for Thursday. Can you help with that?
Yes, but first I need more details about your trip.
I am leaving cambridge and would like to arrive at [18:00]
the tr8272 leaves at 05:00
I need it to leave after [09:15] from London Liverpool Street. Can you find me a train and book it for 1 person?
TR0998 leaves at 09:39. I have booked it for you. Reference number: JW1DTLPN .
Thank you, have a good day.
Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful trip! Goodbye.


Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving [international] food.
[The Missing Sock] is in the east part of town and it serves International food.
May I have their phone number, please?
The phone number for The Missing Sock is 01223 812660.
Okay, thank you
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye!
Have a nice day.


I am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.
Yippee noodle bar at 40428 King Street City Centre meets your needs. Would you like a booking?
I need the place to serve a [Turkish] food. I'll need an address and post code also.
I have two that serve Turkish food, both in the moderate price range: Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like addresses for both?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.
Of course, where is the departure from? And at what time?
I'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after [21:15].
The first train out of kings lynn after your specified time is TR0672, leaving at 22:11.
Ok I'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. And can I get the reference number?
That has been booked. The reference number is RJFFMS3C . Anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you! That is everything I needed.
Your welcome. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future.


I need a hotel in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the south area.
There are two guesthouses that fit your needs. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I don't care about price range.
How about rosa's bed and breakfast? It has internet and parking.
Okay so it has free parking. What is the price range? Also could i receive the phone number?
[Rosa's] is a cheap place to stay and the phone number is 01223512596!
Thank you! Could you help me find an [indian] food restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
There is one Indian restaurant in that area - [Taj Tandoori]. It is expensive. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. What information do you need from me?
What day and time would you like?
Monday at [7:00 p.m.]
May I please get a phone number for the reservation?
Before that, can I please have the address, phone number and postcode for the restaurant?
Sure, the phone number is 01223412299. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton road, Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17aa.
I need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by [16:15]. Can you get me the contact number and car type?
Yes I have white Lexus picking you up at 16:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07932069775. Anything else?
Sounds great! That is all I need. Thanks.
Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!


is there a restaurant in the Centre?
There are several restaurants located in the centre, which kind of food do you prefer?
I would like one serving [korean] food, possible.
[Little Seoul] serves Korean food in the city's centre. It is expensive but very classy. Would you like to know more about it?
Can I get the address and phone number?
Little Seoul's address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye and have a nice day.


I'd like to find a place that serves moderately priced [chinese] food.
I show dour restaurants that serve chinese food. Three are located in the centre and one is in the North area. They are all moderately priced. May I start by offering you the [Jinling Noodle Bar]?
That sounds great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at [13:45] this Friday please?
There are no reservations available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes please. Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
I have booked a reservation for you at the [Lan Hong House]. Your reference number is BMU049L6 . DO you need anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you. Good bye.
Good bye, have fun!


i need a place to stay
Luckily there is something for everyone here. Could you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
2 stars, free parking and WiFi, located in the south, please.
There are no hotels with a 2 star rating that meet your criteria. However, we have several 3 and 4 star options. Would you be interested in one of those?
do you have a 2 star in the east ?
We do. [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge]. Would you like their number, or a reservation?
Can you reserve me a room for Friday for 4 people, 2 nights please?
I was able to book you per your request. Your reference number is : F91TKJ02 .
Okay, great. Thank you!
Thank you. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a theatre to visit. Do you have any recommendations?
We have five choice, any preferences?
No, just one you think is the best.
I highly suggest [the Junction] on Clifton Way.
Sounds great. Can I get the address and phone number please?
They are on Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223511511
I also need to know what area that is in?
It is in the South part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, one more thing. I need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.
What are the times you would like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to leave Junction on Clifton Way by [7:45] and go to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue skoda Contact number : 07267403400
Thank you, that's all I need today.
you are welcome, call me in case you need anything else.


I'm injured pretty severely and need a hospital with a [john farman intensive care unit].
That would be Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Did you need their number?
Yes, that would be perfect.
The number is 01223245151.
Perfect. Could you also give me the postcode?
The postcode for [Addenbrookes Hospital] is CB20QQ.
Ok, great thanks. I will head over there. Gotta go, bye.
Okay glad we could be of help. Will you require a taxi to get there?
No thank you. My son is driving me. On our way now.
There is availability. Your reference number is 4UWMYDCI .


Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?
There are three 4-star hotels. What area would you prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the west part of town.
There are two choices, one is in the expensive price range, the other in the cheap price range. Which one is preferable to you?
I don't have a preference.
How does the huntingdon marriott hotel sound to you? May I book you there?
Is this the expensive or cheap price range option? How much does it cost per night?
They are in the expensive price range.
Ok. I'd like the address, please.
The [huntingdon marriott hotel] is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to book a room?
Not at this time, but I would like to find a place to eat. Ideally an expensive [German] restaurant in the same area.
Unfortunately, no such restaurant exists. Would you like to look in a different area, price range, or cuisine type?
How about one that serves [British] food
There are two places Graffiti and Travellers Rest which would you like to try?
Graffiti sounds good. May I have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?
The address, phone number and post code for [Graffiti] are Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, 01223277977, cb30lx.
I'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by [11:30].
Ok, I've booked you a taxi from Graffiti to Huntingdon Marriott Hotel at 11:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will I be looking for?
number is 07435240506, and it is a black audi.
Great, you have been very helpful, that's all I need for now.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


I need a train that leaves london kings cross on friday
And what is your destination station?
I need to arrive at Cambridge. I want the train to leave after [17:30].
There are 3 trains leaving after 17:30 on Friday, by what time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by [5pm].
That's physically impossible. You want to leave after 17:30 which is 5:30 pm and arrive at 5 pm? Try that again please.
Can I get the train ID and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on Friday, going from Kings Cross to Cambridge?
the TR9139 leaves at 19:17 and arrives by 20:08
I am also looking for [de luca cucina and bar], can you help me locate it?
Gladly. It's located in the centre and it serves modern European food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a reservation for Friday at [21:00] for 3 people?
Great choice! Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number 8W4EZQ1E . Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.
I'm happy we could be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I have an odd request, I am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating.
There are actually 3 hotels with a 0 rating. Would you like to book one of them now?
Is one of them in the centre of town?
Yes I have one hotel and one guesthouse in the centre of town.
What sort of rates do they charge?
One is in the cheap price range and one is in the moderate price range.
Can we go ahead and get the cheap one please
I can try to book at the [el shaddai] for you. How long is your stay and for how many please?
I will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on Wednesday
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, same price range.
Okay. I got you in at The [Alexander] and your reference number is UKJ7T0FW .
That is all I need, thank you.
Okay great. Please call us again.


Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?
There is lots of places to stay. Do yo have any more preferences ?
Yes I would like a guesthouse in the north.
I would suggest the [acorn guest house].
That sounds great do they have a room for just me? I'm checking in Thursday and will be staying 4 nights.
Yes, they have a room available for you and it's booked for 4 nights starting Tuesday, your confirmation number is VRN7SQL2 .
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on monday
What is your destination?
I am going to Stevenage.
There are 10 available trains that day. Could you please provide me with your departure time and what time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after [18:30].
The TR9082 departs at 19:21. Would you like me to create a booking for you?
No need to book. Can I please get the travel time for that train please?
The trainID TR9082 and will leave at 19:21 and arrive at 20:10. The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thanks so much. I appreciate the help.
There is another train, TR6530, that leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22.10. The cost is 12.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I get the travel time for that train?
Sure the travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to make a reservation for that train?
That was all I needed today, thanks!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I am getting into [birmingham new street train station] and will be needing a taxi to take me to my hotel
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to leave after [14:45]
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I want to be picked up from [birmingham new street train station]
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'm heading to [express by holiday inn cambridge].
Alright I've got you a grey toyota with the contact number 07779524494. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I need some information on Cambridge. I'm looking for places to go in town.
how about [all saints church]? it has free admission.
Sure, could you send me the postcode? Is that a architecture?
Yes it is architecture. The post code is cb58bs. Can I help with anything else?
I would like a hotel in the same area as all saints church.
We have the [leverton house] at newmarket road with postcode cb58rs. It is cheaply priced. Is that okay for you?
That's it Thank you
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like?
I would like to book at the Leverton House as stated before. I need a room booked for 6 and 3 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8HO6GEBH .
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!


Please find a place that serves [Indian] food.
Sure, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
In the moderate range, please
Is there a specific area you would like to dine in?
No, I don't have a preference. Any you pick will be fine. I need to book on Sunday at [14:00] for 4 people, please?
Your reservation at [rajmahal] was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XYIQ88JZ .
Thank you! Can you also tell me about [Whipple Museum of the History of Science], please?
The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is in the centre of town on free school lane. Admission is free.
cool, could you also give me the postcode?
The postcode for whipple museum of the history of science is cb23rh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi.
Where would you like to go with the taxi?
From the museum to the restaurant.
A black Honda will pick you up and get to you to the Rajmahal in time for that reservation. The contact number is 07608033696.
That will be all. Thank you.
You're very welcome! Bye!


Yes hi, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine.
Did you have a particular area you would like to visit?
The north that serves [tuscan] food and is insanely expensive, money is no object.
We have no matching records for that. Would you like to change something?
That is disappointing. How about some [French] food?
Restaurant Two Two serves French food and is very expensive. Will that work for you?
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number, address and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223351880. They are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, post code cb43ax. Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Yes. After dinner I'd like to go to [parkside pools]. What is the address and postcode?
I can provide that for you. Parkside pools is located on Gonville Place and their postcode is cb11ly. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can I also get their entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type, please?
The entrance fee isn't listed, but the attraction type is swimmingpool, and the number is 01223446100.
Are you sure the entrance fee isn't listed? It should be.
No, the entrance fee is not listed.
Thank you so much for all your help. That will be everything today.
Your welcome. Have a great day?


I need a taxi at [12:45] to take me to [Ruskin Gallery].
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I want to be picked up at [arbury lodge guesthouse].
Ok, I have a white honda for you with the contact number 07758153394. Anything else?
That is all I needed thank you.
If I have met all your needs, have a good day. Goodbye.


Howdy! I'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the city centre.
How about The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill that serves Modern European?
Sounds good. May I have their telephone number please?
Certainly, that number is 01223307030. Will you need a reservation this evening?
Not at the moment. Can you also look up the attractions near the restaurant as well?
All Saints Church is in the area on Jesus Lane. Would you like me to go ahead and book a reservation for you at this time?
Not at this time, but can I get their address and entrance fee?
They have free entrance and their address is jesus lane
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Thank you. If you should need further assistance in the future, please contact us.


I got into a fender-bender with my rental car, and now I need help resolving the dispute with the owner of the other car.
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Can I get the full mailing address for that location?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need right now.
You are most welcome!


I am looking for a cheap place to dine.
Do you have a preferred cuisine type?
I would prefer [Indian] food in the city centre please
I have listings for 3 in that area,can I recommend the gandhi at 72 Regent Street City Centre?
Is it in the cheap price range?
Yes, all three are in the cheap range.
Will you book me for this weekend ?
Which day would you like and the time?


Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.
Is there a specific price range or type of food you would like?
expensive and [european] food please ?
I would recommend [Eraina], located on Free Lane City Centre.
Yes, I would like that choice. Can you book me a table for 5 people?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 65F65VJP .
Can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the [bridge guest house]?
I'd be happy to. It is a 3 star, moderate price range guesthouse located in the south part of town. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Sorry, which day was that for?
Saturday, please. Sorry, I don't know how I forgot that information!
Done! Your reference number is E8KMB5OZ . Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation. (Though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)
Yes that is odd. What time did you need that booked for? It looks like it was booked with no day or time..
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time
what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave at [16:00] to ensure I make the restaurant on time. Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.
Booking completed! Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07228054313
Can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for Saturday at 17:00?
The booking was already done.
Okay, I'm all set then. Thank you so much.
You are most welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and I would like to find a place that serves [north american] food.
I have one, [Gourmet Burger Kitchen].
I want to book a table for 5 people at [13:00] on saturday.
Unfortunately, they are all full at that time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes. Please look for a different place in the same area and price range.
I'm sorry but Gourmet Burger Kitchen was the only North American restaurant in the centre area. Would you like for me to try another area?
Not right now. Thank you for your time.
Okay, please let me know if you need anything else.


Am looking for the nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Their telephone number is 01223358966.
Got it. Thank you for your help.
You are most welcome!


I'm looking for places to go in the centre area.
I have 44 places to go in centre. What type of place are you looking for?
I am looking for a college with free admission.
I would recommend [Christ's College]. It is a wonderful campus. They do offer free entrance also. Any other info I can provide you with?
Can I get the phone number and address for the College?
Yes, the address is saint andrew's street and the phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes actually. I need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully. Are there [Italian] places near there?
Yes, there are 9 restaurants. What is your price range?
I need a cheap price range for three people
I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
What day and time would you like for your reservation?
I need to meet my friends there by 5 pm


Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?
What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.
I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by [16:30].
I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?
It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.
Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?
What are my options for guesthouses? I'm not sure about the area, price, or stars.
Most of the guesthouses are cheap or moderate. Which of those price ranges works best for you?
You choose. Let me know the area, price range, and star rating of the hotel.
I recommend the [A & B Guest House] in the east. It's moderately priced and 4 stars.
That's great then, I'll talk to you sometime again.
Would you like me to book for you before you leave?
No thats it for today thanks !
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I need to find a particular hotel called [cityroomz]. Please send me all information you have.
I have the information for the hotel cityroomz, I am send you the information right away.
Thanks, can I get their phone number?
the phone number is 01223304050.
Can I also get the address please? Thank you.
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks. I also need help finding a train to get me to Cambridge from Broxbourne.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on sunday and leave after [11:15].
TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive by 13:01. Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is: D83EGZQ8 .
thank you so much
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's it. Goodbye.
Goodbye. If you need any help later, we are here.


I need help, I was in a car accident dispute.
The Parkside Police number is 01223358966. Would you like me to call them?
yes please i need help
Where is your location? I can direct the police to where you are.
Can I just have the address and postcode for the police station, please?
Of course. The postcode is CB11JG and it is located in Parkside. Anything else?
No, I think that's it for right now. Thanks.
Thanks for using our service, and I hope your day gets better!


I've heard that the only trains out of Cambridge leave before 8:00. That's not really true, is it?
No, it certainly isn't.
Is there a train that departs from cambridge after [08:00] on Wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?
There is. There is actually an 08:01 but that might be too close. How about a 09:01?
The 08:01 is fine actually. Can you book it for 6 people?
Sure thing, the reference number is D6UJRBDF
Thank you. I also need information about [finches bed and breakfast].
Finches bed and breakfast a guesthousein the west area.it is cheap and in the 4 star range.their number is 01223276653 and cb30nd. it is located in 144 thornton road.


Hi, I can't wait to get to Cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions. I could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.
Cambridge has many important and historic sites to visit, can you tell me what types of attractions interest you most?
Actually, skip that. Let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. I am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town.
There are 33 restaurants including [Bedouin] which is African cuisine.
Sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on Monday at [17:00]?
Congradulatoions your reservation was successful. Your reference number is 4H8L8VFA
After dinner we would like to visit a park. Can you find one for me. Please let me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area. Thank you!
Sure, there are a number of parks. Was there a specific area of town you were looking for?
I don't have a preference for the area.
I recommend [Wandlebury Country Park] on the south side of town. Entrance is free and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you. Could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?
Definitely! What time would you like to leave Bedouin?
No, I need a taxi to [Bedouin]. I want to arrive by the booked time.
Your taxi reservation was successful. The contact number is 07420542713. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great. what kind of car will I be riding in so I don't get into the wrong one?
Red toyota, they can be reached at 07420542713 if there are issues, any other questions today?
Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!


Hello, I am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel [Cambridge Belfry].
The address is back lane, cambourne. The phone number is 01954714600. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the price range of the hotel?
The Cambridge Belfry hotel has a cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all, thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Where in the east can I find a restaurant that serves [venetian] food?
I'm sorry there are no results for a venetian restaurant in the east, would you like to try a different area?
I prefer the east but I am open to other areas of town.
Do you want me to look at the center of the town?
Yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there
No there are not. Want to try a different restaurant type?
How about [indian] food?
I have 9 restaurants in the cetre that are Indian. Do you have a price range?
I would like expensive.
There are five expensive indian places in the centre but i recommend panahar, would you like more info or a booking?
I'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive Indian restaurant in the east? It would be more convenient.
There are five, would you like me to book you one?
Yes, book one of the expensive Indian places in the east please.
Which day would you like to dine?
I would like to go on Monday at [18:00] please.
I would love to help! how many people?
It will be a party of 6.
None of the restaurants were available for that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
[Yes]. Please try [17:00].
THANKS VERY MUCH
Thank you also. Could I receive the reference number for the reservation, please?
I've booked you a table at [pipasha restaurant]. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is MIRO0QRD . Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That's everything.
You're welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.


I am looking for a place to dine at that serves [afternoon tea] and that is moderately priced. Please help.
I didn't find any results matching your criteria. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
How about an [Indian] restaurant, then?
Great news! I have four restaurants. Do you have a certain area that's more convenient?
No area does not matter.
Well I have moderately priced restaurants in the east, north and west. Would you lie me to choose for you?
That would be great. There will be 7 of us.
I would choose [Curry Prince]. When would you like to dine?
i need a table reserved for friday
How many people and at what time?
I would like a booking at [13:00] for 7 people for Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L6V4VV8Q . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a place to stay.
We have plenty to choose from, what preferences do you have?
it should be a guest house in the north
Okay! What price range would you like?
I would like expensive.
Sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like me to check for a hotel instead? Or change the area or price range?
I would accept one with moderate price range. I also need free parking.
I have 7 guesthouses that meet your criteria. I recommend the home from home. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.
WELL THE ACORN GUEST HOUSE HAS FREE INTERNET AND PARKING, POSTCODE IS CB41DA
I need a taxi also for the commute between both places
Ok great, and what time do you prefer?
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?


I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
I can help you with that. The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
May I also have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223245151
Thank you goodbye
Goodbye, and thank you for using our service.


I need to leave bishops stortford. Do you have a train going out?
I am sure I do, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and would be leaving on Thursday after [16:30]. What is available then?
There's a train that leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Does that sound okay?
Yes, that would work. What is the price of a ticket?
They are 10.10 pounds each
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves [chinese] food.
There are several Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. What price rnge are you looking for?
I prefer something expensive.
I have 4 choice for you. The Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Does one of these sound like something you would like to try?
The [Ugly Duckling] sounds interesting! What's their address?
The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21tw. Is there anything more I can help with?
No thank you. That is all.
Fantastic, have a great day!


I'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the [curry queen]?
The curry queen is an expensive restaurant located in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, a table for 7 at [12:45] on Sunday.
Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is WFOQFQ2P . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Need to book a hotel as well.
Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay?
My preferred type is a hotel, and I want it to have parking and internet as well as a 3 star rating.
There are two options. Both are expensive. Do you have a preference for area?
No I have no preference. I would like to book it same day for 7 people and 4 nights. I would need the reference number once it is complete.
I'm sorry, I am unable to book it right now.
Are you sure? Can you try both of them? I really need 4 nights, starting sunday for 7 people.
I was able to book the [gonville] your reservation number is LANIULI7, anything else I can help you with today?
Awesome, you've been a great help. Thank you.
I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for a train schedule that departs from Cambridge and should go to Ely.
Ok, is there any particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to get a train leaving cambridge and going to ely. I need to be in ely by [10:30] and am leaving on wednesday.
TR5626 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Will that work for you? Tickets are 4.40 GBP.
Can you book that for 3 people and get me a reference number as well please?
I've reserved you 3 seats on TR5626. The total is 13.2 pounds payable at the station. Your reference number is 3BMHT78A . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything that I needed. Thanks for your help!
I hop you enjoy your stay. Have a good day.
Thank you, this is the end of the dialogue.
You are very welcome.


i'm looking for a hotel called [alexander bed and breakfast]
Yes, alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the centre. It is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else you need to know?
I'd like to book the Alexander B and B for 6 people, 5 nights, and starts on Thursday. Can I have a reference number, please?
Done! Your reference number is 45NR6JNN . Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train on tuesday and leaving after [19:30]
I can look into that for you - where would you like to go?
Where I'd like to go is probably different than where I have to go, but I plan on going to stansted airport.
TR0768 leaves at 19:40. Does that work for you?
What is the travel time?
TR0768 leaves at 19:40, arrives by 20:08. The duration is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No. I am all set.
Have a great day then!


I need to find a place to stay. It needs to include wifi and I would like a 3 star.
Ok, I have 2 hotels and 3 guest houses matching that request. What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
Are any of them moderately priced and have free parking?
Yes there are 3 different options. Would you like to stay in the north, west, or south?
You may decide which area would be good, just let me know which area you pick.
I recommend Hobsons House in the west. Would you like to book a room?
No but I also would like to get a train leaving from peterborough.
OK, what day and time do you need to travel?
I would like a train on monday and need to arrive by [13:30]
I have train TR7895 that will get you into Cambridge at 13:09. Would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I'll book it later. That's all I need. Thanks for everything.
You're very welcome! Take care!


Please help me find a restaurant called [Frankie and Bennys]. Thanks.
It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Can you book a table for 1 at [17:00] on Saturday there for me?
Sure! I've booked it for Saturday at 17:00 for 1 person. Reference number is 57BVL3K7 .
Thanks, I also need a train going to cambridge, arriving at [13:00], please.
Will you be traveling on Saturday?
Yes. I'm coming in from leicester.
TR6210 arrives in Cambridge at 12:54 on Saturday. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What is the total travel time? And can I also get the departure time and a price please
That train leaves at 11:09 and last a total of 105 minutes of travel.
How much does this ticket cost? Thanks for your help!
It is 30.24 pounds.
No thank you that will be all
have a nice day. bye


Can you help me find a place to stay that has 0 stars and doesn't need to have free parking?
There are 2 results in the centre and one in the north. Would you like more information on one?
I would prefer a hotel.
Cityroomz is a hotel that has a rating of 0 stars. Would like to book a room?
0 stars, what could go wrong. I just need to find out the postcode and phone number.
Of course! Cityroomz's postcode is cb12tz, you can reach them by phone at 01223304050. How many nights would you like to book?
I don't want to book right now, but could you confirm what area of town that is in?
Yes it is in the city's center.
I want to get take the bus to the centre area then take a taxi tour of the area can you help me arrange that.
sure, where do you want to depart and arrive?
I've changed my mine. I'd like a train that departs from stansted airport and goes to cambridge instead.
Sure, I've got lots of options for you. What day would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Sunday after [12:00]. Can I have the arrival time, price, and train ID please?
There are several trains that leave after 12:00. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine as long as I leave Stansted Airport after 12:00. The train which leaves the soonest after 12:00 would be fine with me.
TR5358 leaves Stansted Airport at 12:24 on Sunday and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks! No need, I just need the price, please.
it will cost you 8.08 pounds
Thank you. That is all for now.
Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.


Please help me find an expensive [thai] restaurant.
Would you like to try [sala thong]? It is in the west part of town.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table on Thursday at [16:30]?
Sure I can help with that. How many people shall I make the reservation for?
There will be five people, can I get the phone number in case I have to change it?
01223323178 is the phone number
Thanks, so can you make the reservation for me?
Reference number is : W2OO5LNF . Is there anything else?
Can you help me find a fun place to visit in the east part of town?
How about the Funky Fun House for entertainment? It's in the east, but I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Can I get the [Funky Fun House's] phone number please? I think I'll call them and check on it.
The phone number is 01223304705.
Okay great! That's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day!


I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north.
There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Is there a specific price range your looking for?
It should have a moderate price and I don't care about free parking.
We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Do you need need free internet?
I don't need it but do they offer it? Also, can you provide me with the address.
There are 8 that include free wifi with a room. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I would like the address.
[Acorn guest house] is located at 154 chesterton road.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.
There are 5 restaurants in the same area, are you looking for a specific type of food or price range?
[North Indian], please, and moderately priced.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything serving north indian food. Is there another cuisine type I can find for you?
How about [Indian] food by itself?
There is the [nirala] that serves indian food would you like me to book that?
Yes please and may I have the address and phone number. I would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.
[Nirala] is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. I need a little more information to book a reservation. How many in your party and did you have a time in mind?
I don't need to book the restaurant. I do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.
I need to know what time you need the taxi at?
I need to leave the restaurant by [17:45].
I was able to book a yellow volkswagen, phone number is 07242504396.
Thank you, that will be all for me this time.
Okay, have a great day!


please find me a good cinema to go
what about [vue cinema]? It's located in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Sure. The postcode is CB11PS and the phone number is 08712240240.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in. Can you find me a 4 star place?
We have 21 hotels and guesthouses ranked 4 stars. Do you have a particular area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I would like something in the west. It doesn't need to have internet.
There are 3 hotels in the west. Two are cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Let's go with the cheap one.
There are 2. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
A hotel would be perfect!
Ok. So that is the [cambridge belfry]. Should I make a reservation for you?
What is the price range?
The cambridge belfry is in the cheap range, with 4 star rating has internet and parking. Should I book a room for you?
Yes, that would be wonderful.
how many people should i book for?
One person, please.
for how many days and starting when do i book?
For 1 day
What day would you like to check in?
What days are available?
They have a very flexible schedule. Please give me a day of the week and I will look for you.
I don't actually need to book a room right now, can you just give me the price range that is in?
As I mentioned before, the Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range. Will there be anything else for you today?
No. I believe that is all. Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Feel free to call back for more information.


I'm looking for a popular museum in the area.
There are 23 museums in the area. Do you have a particular part of town you are interested in?
I'm interested in the centre of town.
Yes I have several. I have contemporary art, anthropology and others. Any type intrigue you?
Can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art museum in the centre of town?
broughton house gallery museum is free and their phone number is 122 331 4960.
What is the address of that museum?
Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
I am also looking for a hotel called [alpha-milton guest house].
The alpha-milton guest house is located at 63 milton road postcode cb41xa. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like me to create a booking?
Is there a suite available for 2 people for 5 nights starting Friday?
yup there is!
Okay, go ahead and book it and get me a reference number.
The booking was successful and your reference number is: SQ1LQGMU . Is there anything else I can assist you with.
Nope. I think I'm all set.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Goodbye!
It was my pleasure to help! Have a great day.


i am looking for somewhere to go in the centre of Cambridge
Oh, I suggest my favorite! It's [Holy Trinity Church], beautiful architecture, and it's located on Market Street. It's free. Would you like their phone number?
No, Is that a museum or a church.
It's actually not a museum, but considered an architecture attraction. Were you interested in a specific type of attraction?
no. also find me a hotel by the name [warkworth house]
The Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the East, it's moderately priced and rated 4 stars. I would love to assist you in booking a room if you would like?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a room for Monday for 5 people, 3 nights?
Yes your reference number is 53LJQ4H6 .
Thanks! Can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? Maybe a museum or a park?
There are 5 parks in town. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I think we would like it to be in the centre of town please.
Cambridge university botanic gardens is a beautiful park. Its located at bateman street, costs 4 pounds to get in. Phone 01223336265, cb21jf. Will you need transportation? A train, taxi or bus?
Actually, I will need to book lodgings as well.
I have you at the Warkworth house. Would you like to change the reservations?
No. That's perfect! Thanks for your help. Good bye.
have a good day


I am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
You're in luck, we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european. What sounds good to you today?
is there [chinese] available?
Yes, there are 3. Can I make a dinner reservation for you at one of them?
Yes please make it for sunday at [14:00], for 4 people. And can I also get the reference number?
I was able to book [Ian Hong House], reference number is E8V1XGOA .
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you. That will be all.
Great! Please contact us again if you need anything else.


I am looking for a [portuguese] place to dine in the south.
I'd recommend nandos. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this in the cheap price range?
Yes, [Nando's] is a cheaper restaurant. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please. I need it for tuesday.
I can do that. How many people should I list on the reservation and what time do you want to dine?
For 5 people at [16:00], please.
Reference number is : XIVIWPP2 . Anything else?
I would like to go to a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.
I found the place located at 22 sidney street.
Great, thanks! Thats all I need. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.


I'm interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to Cambridge
I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Should we try a different price range?
Can you search for hotels instead of a guesthouse?
I have expensive hotels in the east, centre, and south areas of town. Do you have a preference?
The east would be great.
There is one in the east. It is express by holiday inn cambridge. Do you need a booking?
Does the [Holiday Inn Cambridge] have free parking? I forgot to tell you I need that.
Yes, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, what is the phone number for the hotel?
It is 01223866800. May I help with anything else?
Yes, can you please tell me how many stars it has?
It is a 2 star hotel. Would you like me to make those reservations?
It has 2 stars. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you and goodbye!


I'm looking for places to go in town, can you make suggestions?
What type of attraction are you interested in?
I like a park that has vendors and kids can play
We have five parks to choose from, any preference in area?
Never mind. Do you have any theaters in the east area?
I'm sorry, there are no theatres in the east area. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any museums? Will need the address and phone number. Also looking for a restaurant that serves [fusion] food in the same area.
There are four. Do you have a specific one in mind? I have the Cambridge Artworks, phone 0122390216, post code cb13ef. What area do you want the food to be in?
I was hoping for something in the east.
I'm sorry but there are no fusion restaurants in the east. Could I interest you in another cuisine or a different area?
How about [British] food?
Grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town. Do you need anymore information or would you like to book a table?
No need to book it. I would just like the price range, postcode, and address. Thanks!
Its expensive and its located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58pa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye
Great! I hope you have a wonderful trip. Bye!


Hi, I'm looking for information, specifically, a place to stay while I'm in town.
sure! how about allenbell? i hear it's lovely.
Is it in the moderate price range? I need a hotel in the west with a star rating of a 3.
We don't have any 3 star hotels on the west part of town. Do you want to try searching for something else?
Okay, how about just moderate price and three stars in any part of town?
There aren't any hotels like that, but I do have 4 guesthouses. 2 in the north, 1 in the west, and 1 in the south.
okay, pick the west please. I need the postcode.
the postal code is cb39lh
I am also looking for [Williams Art and Antiques]. Can you tell me what area that is in?
They are in the centre, admission is free, can I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thank you very much!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a train. The train should arrive by [16:00] and should leave on saturday.
Where will you be traveling to?
I am going to cambridge from Broxbourne.
The TR 1412 arrives at 15:32. Will this be okay?
Yes. Please book it for 1 person.
I booked your ticket, and your reference number is DBWTXCO1 . Can I help further today?
No that's it! Thanks so much!
thanks again for choosing us
You have been helpful. Good bye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I am looking to try a local restaurant that serves [modern European] cuisine and has a moderate price range
There is restaurant almentum that serves modern european food in the south part of town.
Book a table for 1 person at [17:30] on Saturday. Give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5U78RXDV .
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north
Okay I have many choices for you. Could we narrow it down by price and star rating? Will you be looking for parking and wifi amenities/
I don't care about wifi but I definitely need free parking.
Acorn guest house has parking. Would you like me to book that?


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [italian] food.
There are 5 expensive restaurants that serves italian, which area are you looking for ?
I don't care
[Caffe Uno] is located in the city centre.
May I have the address and phone number please?
Caffe Uno's telephone number is 01223 448620 and the address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye
Have a good evening.


I am looking for a place to eat that serves [gastropub] food in the centre.
We have 3 great gastropubs in the center. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro.
Is it expensive?
Yes it is. Would you like to book it?
No, thank you. I just need the address, please.
The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
I also am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to visit a college.
We have many fine colleges in the center, such as Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Jesus College, and Trinity College. Would you like more information about one of them, or perhaps others?
[Trinity college] please.
Trinity college is located on trinity street, and the phone number is 01223338400. The entrance fee is 1 pound. Do you need any additional information?
No that is all I need, thank you.
Okay. Please let us know if you need anything else during your trip to Cambridge.


I am looking for a train to Cambridge.
What time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave after [15:15]
I'd love to help! Where are you departing from?
leicester.also get train ID, travel time, and price
16:09 17:54 37.80 pounds 105 minutes thats all you could need sir
I will need the train ID also please.
TR7878 leaves leicester Friday at 16:09. Would you like to book a seat?
I don't need to book a seat, I just needed the train ID.
The train ID is TR7878. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
thanks a lot. that is all for now.
Thank you for contacting us, have a great day.


I am looking for a train.
Alright, where will you be leaving from, or where are you heading?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from stansted airport.
Alright, I have many options for you depending on the day of the week or times you wish to travel. Do you have a preference?
leaves at 1900hrs, arrives on sunday and booked fir one person.get me the reference number too
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 70MPLUW8 .
Thank you for your help.
Thank you goodbye


I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at my destination by [11:30].
Certainly. There are a number of trains departing from Cambridge. Where is your destination?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford for a very important meeting. Can you find me a train to get me there by 11:30?
There are 21 trains making that trip, what day would you like to go?
On Saturday. And could you tell me how long that trip takes?
There are three trains that will get you there before 11:30. The trip lasts a total of 38 minutes. How early would you like to leave?
I'd like to take the train that arrives closest to bishops stortford at 11:30.
TR3396 leaves at 09:29 and arrives by 10:07. Is that okay?
Yes. how much would that cost?
The cost of the one way journey is 8.08 pounds.
Perfect. I'm all set. Goodbye!
It was my pleasure. Have a great day.


I'm looking for an expensive 2 star hotel.
I have the [express by holiday inn cambridge] with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it located in the east?
Yes, that is located in the east.
That's what I want. Please book it for Thursday for 3 people staying 2 nights.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for you. Would you like to look for a different place?
Yes, I would. How about a different hotel in the same price range?
I"m sorry but in that price range and star rating there is only the holiday express. Could we try another star rating?
Yes, the star does not matter, just try the same price range, please.
There are no other hotels located in the east. Is there another area you would prefer?
Just any hotel in the same price range please.
I can try the Lensfield hotel in the south, the university arms hotel in the centre, the marriot in the west, or the gonville hotel in the centre.
How about trying the [Gonville Hotel]?
Yes, I was able to book the Gonville hotel, Starting on Thursday for 2 nights for 3 people. Your reference number is 5VNA5FPP . Would that work for you?
Yes, thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
So glad to help! Have a great day. Good-Bye!


I would like to find out information about a hotel called [Warkworth House].
Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area. It is moderate pricing with 4 stars. It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.
I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you. Can I get a reference number for the booking?
In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH .
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.
Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will be leaving from Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave around?


Can you find me a [Greek] restaurant in the centre of Cambridge?
There are no greek restaurants in the centre, would you like me to look for greek restaurants elsewhere in the city?
Ok my second choice was [british] food can you find a british restaurant?
Of course, one of my favorites is [Fitzbillies Restaurant] at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. May I book you a table?
Yes, please. It'll be for 2 people on Saturday at [12:00].
Okay you're all set. Your reference number is 3Y6H383S and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find a museum to visit.
There are 5 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to visit. How about Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds nice. Can you give me the phone number and address?
The phone number to the museum is 01223314960.
Do you have their address also?
The address is 98 king street, centre, cb11ln.
Thank you, I have all the information I need, goodbye.
Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in Cambridge!


I want a restaurant in the centre of town.
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes, [French] food.
[Cote] is a French Restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes! I need at table for 6 at [18:30] Wednesday.
Here is your reference number 6HUYUYGS is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need to find a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.
When would you like to travel?
Thursday morning at [9 am]
Train TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.
Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FZ6DQHQT . Anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today.
welcome any day you want to know something


I wanted help with finding a hotel in Cambridge today.
Sure, are you looking to stay on a certain part of town?
I don't have a preference. But it does need to have 4 stars and include free parking.
I have two hotels located in the west. One is cheap and one is expensive. One hotel is located in the centre and is expensive. Any preference?
Can you tell me the area the cheap one is in and give me it's phone number?
The cheap hotel is in the west. The phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with something else?
Yes, could you give me information on [the cambridge corn exchange]?
sure, what kind of information are you looking for?
I need the postcode please.
here you go cb236bw
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.
Have a great day, please let us know if you need any further assistance.


i'm looking for good [turkish] food, and price is no object.
I have found three restaurants for you all in the center of town. The expensive restaurant is [Meze Bar] Restaurant. Do you want their address?
That's great. I'd like to book a table.
When would you like to dine and on what day and for how many people?
I think I will just take their address instead.
Meze Bar Restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else I can help you with or can I reserve you a table?
Thanks for the address. Can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?
[Express by holiday inn Cambridge] is an expensive, two-star hotel. Do you want me to book the hotel?
Does it have free parking?
The Express by Holiday Inn offers parking, however I don't know if it's free.
Okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?
The postcode is cb13lh. Will that be all for you?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. Can you please assist?
Which site will you be departing from?
I need to leave the hotel by [09:45].
A black skoda is booked for you. The contact number is 07215076304. Anything else?
Thank you for your help.
Thank you and have a good time in our lovely city!


Good afternoon! I'd like to visit an expensive [european] restaurant. Will you help me find one?
Yes there are 5 restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a part of town or type of food you prefer?
No, surprise me. I will need the address and the area, though.
Eraina is a very nice restaurant in the centre. How many in your party? And what day and time should I make your reservation for?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the address and the area.
It is the centre area and its address is Free School Lane City Centre
Great,I also need information on getting a train.
Where would you like to depart and arrive?
I'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after [16:30]
I have a train for you that leaves at 17:09. Would you like me to book it?
What time does it arrive and the price?
The train arrives at 18:54 and costs 30.24 pounds.
Okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks, that will be all.
Alright. Thanks for using our service and have a nice day. Goodbye.


Can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves [north indian] cuisine?
I'm sorry, nothing is coming up for that particular type of restaurant. Is there any other specifics you may like?
How about one that serves [modern european] food?
There are 3 restaurants serving modern european food, would you prefer one on the south side or town centre?
It does not matter, I just need one available for 7 people at [18:15] on thursday
I have made a reservation at [restaurant alimentum] for you. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I also need the reference number please.
The reference number is DVDLH9NK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a guesthouse hotel with moderate prices in the centre. I don't need free parking.
Unfortunately I could not find any guesthouses meeting those requirements.
How about a hotel type?
Cityroomz is the only place that matches your criteria.
How many stars is Cityroomz?
It has a zero star rating, is this ok?
That is fine. Do they have internet?
Yes, [Cityroomz] has internet. Would you like to book it?
Not yet. I would like you to book a taxi for me between my hotel and restaurant. I will need the car type and contact number.
Before I can book your taxi, what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I just want to be sure it arrives by the booked time at the restaurant.
Booked. Your car type is white skoda and contact number is 07075801794
Thank you very much for your help! That was everything I needed.
Fantastic. Enjoy your trip!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Caribbean] food and in the moderate price range.
There is not a Caribbean restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like a different restaurant?
Are there any [spanish] restaurants?
yes. [la tasca] is a nice spanish restaurant in the moderate price range.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
la tasca is located at 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F. Their phone number is 1223 464630. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


So I'm interested in [portuguese] food. Do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the South?
[nandos] is is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yes, please. 5 people at [19:30] on wednesday.
I've made the reservation and your reference number is J1DOHU0T .
Great I am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by [12:30]
I would be happy to help you with that. What day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday.
I have 4 different trains that will meet your needs. Will you be traveling alone or with a group?
I'm traveling alone, can you tell me how much the train fare costs?
The cost per ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes please book me on the train that arrives in Cambridge on Wednesday as closest to 12:30.
Done! Your train leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17. Please pay 23.6 Pounds at the station. Your reference number is IDCU3WFU . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30.
I have booked you on one. Would you like a second train?
Opps no, that was an error on my part. I won't be needing anything else.
Ok, thanks for using our service. Have a great day!


I need lodging in Cambridge that has free parking. I don't need internet, though. What have you got?
We have 29 entries that match your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I also need free parking included and I would like it to be a hotel.
The ashley hotel in the north has free parking.
The Ashley hotel does not have internet is that correct?
The Ashley hotel does have free wifi.
Oh, that's great! What's the address for The Ashley?
The [ashley hotel] 74 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book a room.
When would you like your reservation to start, how long would you like to stay, and how many are in your party?
I also need a place to dine serving [modern american] food in the centre.
before we get to your restaurant inquiry could you give me some information on your hotel stay? When would you be staying? How many days? How many would be joining you?
Actually, I will go ahead and book myself later. But, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that would be great.
There are many moderate restaurants in the centre but no American restaurant. Would you be interested in Asian, Brittish, or chinese?
How about a [British] one then?
[The Oak Bistro] is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes please. Please book a table for 5 at [12:30] on friday.
Yes I have done that for you and your reference number is BKV4ED6B .
Thank you. I also need to get a taxi to go between the two places.
I have gone ahead and booked that Taxi for you. The Taxi will be a blue Volkswagen and the Taxi contact number will be 07081400797.
Great thanks! That's all I needed.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre! Have a nice trip!


I am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room.
I found 18 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I'd like the place to be rated 4 stars, and include free WiFi.
I have about 11 options to choose from. Which area of town do you prefer? I have options in the north, south and the east.
It doesn't matter. I would need a room for 6 people starting Saturday. For 6 nights.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find you rooms for that length of stay beginning on Saturday. Would you be able to change the day, or the number of nights?
No, I really need it starting Saturday for 5 nights and with free wifi.
Ok. I have you booked into [Warkworth House] starting on Saturday for 5 nights and 6 people. The reference number is IGQB0HC7 . Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.
Thank you, bye.


Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
Please give me the name of the location.
looking for [lensfield hotel], kindly find out whether it has internet and the area
the lensfield hotel is in the south part of town and has internet. Would you like their phone number.
no but am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre
i recommend [gonville and caius college] located intrinity street,cb21ta. do you need the phone number?
Yes I would like the phone number.
The college can be reached at 01223332400. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I also need a taxi to get to the college. I want to leave my hotel at [04:45].
A black honda will pick you up at that time, if you have any other questions you can contact them at 07444688519.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That's all I will be needing for today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge.
Certainly. What is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I want to go to Leicester and want to leave on Tuesday.
There are several trains that day, do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to get there by [17:15]
There is a train departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Cambridge at 17:06. Can I book that for you?
Yeah, that sounds great.
how many tickets would you like?
1. please also get me z restaurant called [city stop restaurant.and] give me phone number and postcode
Sure, the address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy. And just to confirm, you wanted to book 1 ticket for that train?
What about the phone number?
Yes and their phone number is 01223363270.
Thanks so much for your help.
Okay, I've booked you a seat on the 15:21 train on Tuesday. The total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NHFGUN35 .
Great. Thanks. Can you look up a restaurant for me?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


Can you help me find a train to Cambridge?
I sure can! What day and times are you looking for?
I'll be coming in from Norwich on Friday. I'll need to leave after [11:30], please.
How about TR9900 that leaves at [05:16]?
That sounds just like what I needed. Can you please make a booking for 5 people?
Yes, I'd be more than happy to book TR9900 for 5 people. Would you like a reference number?
Yes please give me the reference number
Give me one moment to complete the booking.
Did you complete the booking? I need the reference number.
I apologize for the extended wait. Your seats have been reserved. Your reference # is LR5KLQWT . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great I'm also looking for a park to visit in the centre of town.
Okay. The only park in the centre is cambridge university botanic gardens. Their address is bateman street, postcode is cb21jf, phone number is 01223336265, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That sounds great! Thanks for all your help; that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Please contact us if you need additional assistance during your visit to Cambridge!


What can you tell me about [magdalene college]?
It is located in the west area and has a free entrance fee.
Great! Can you give me the phone number to magdalene college?
Sure, the phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from ely on Monday
okay! where is the destination?
The train should arrive by [11:45] and should go to cambridge
TR2987 departs at 09:35 and arrives by 09:52. Would you like a ticket?
No how much are the tickets?
Each ticket is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need for now. Thanks!
Ok, thank you. Goodbye.


I need a place to dine on [Indian] food. Centre of the town please.
Sure, is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No. Just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at [17:15] on Sunday.
You have a reservation at [Saffron Brasserie] for 8 people on Sunday at 17:15. Reference #Q7C8EX21 . Can I help you with anything else today?
I need to find a 3 star guest house that has free wifi. Can you help me?
on what area should your hotel be?
The area doesn't matter, I'd just like a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
There are 3 options. I recommend [hamilton lodge]. Want me to book it for you?
No need to book, just tell me the price range, postcode, and address if you could
Hamilton lodge is moderately priced. The postcode is cb41da and they are located at 156 chesterton road. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. It should include free wifi and be a 3 star. Can you help me please?
There are five to choose from. Would you like moderate or expensive price point?
I do not care about price.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel in the centre with free parking.
I have the [gonville hotel]. It is expensive. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking? If so, please reserve a room for Tuesday for 7 people, 4 nights.
Done! Your reference number is ODEMZ03R . Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you recommend something near the hotel?
i recommend [old schools], phone-01223332320
What's the postal code?
the post code is cb21tt
Great that's all I needed. Thank you. Bye.
Have a great day and enjoy your stay.


Can you find me something cheap in the south part of town?
What is the food type you would prefer?
I do not care about the type of food.
Nandos is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town, serving Portuguese food.
Is there anything else?
[the lucky star] is a cheap price range, south area chinese restaurant
What is the address?
The lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, good bye
Have a nice day! Goodbye.


Hello, I am planning a trip for next month. Can you suggest some places to go in town?
Do you have any specific attractions in mind?
I am interested in boat attractions in the centre.
There are a lot of options in that area. Would you prefer something free to visit?
I don't have a preference.
there is scudamores punting co or the cambridge punter
Can you select one? I also need the entrance fee, if there is one.
I prefer the Cambridge Punter, but I don't have the fee information for any boat attractions. Their number is 07807718591 - I'm sure you could call and find out.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same area as the [Cambridge Punter].
Is price important to you?
Nope, I'm open on price. It doesn't need to have internet.
Okay, how about the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]?
That sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? Checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights.
Okay, you're all set! Your room has been reserved and your confirmation number is 4X57GWOC . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi when I got from the hotel to [Cambridge Punter]. I'd like to leave the hotel by [01:00].
Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be a black BMW. The contact number is 07167383694. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks you have been very helpful to me
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Yeah, I'm looking for a room. Do you offer anything in the southern part of town?
I have four places with rooms in the south. 1 is cheap, 2 are moderate, and 1 is expensive. Do you have a particular price range?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range with free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and The Bridge Guesthouse are in the south area with a moderate price range and both have free wifi. Can I book one of these for you?
Yes, please. Either one sounds perfect!
Sure, I can book the [Bridge Guest House]. How many people will be staying with you and when will you be arriving and leaving?
I need to book for 6 people starting Saturday and staying 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Do you need anything else?
Yes. What is the reference number?
Reference number is DVGIBPIM .
Perfect, thank you very much for your help! Goodbye.
Have a great day!


I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the north, what kind of options can you give me?
There are 2 guesthouses available. One is 0 stars and the other is 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
I would like the one with the 4-star rating please. Does it include free wifi by chance?
[Worth house] has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 4AU76U6Y .
Thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from Bishops Stortford and arriving by [08:30].
I have 5 train options leaving from Bishops Stortford from Cambridge that arrive before 08:30. Would you prefer to travel on Saturday, Monday, or Friday?
I need that train on Monday please.
Train TR0532 fits your criteria. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Could you give me a departure time and travel time for that train?
TR0532 departs at 07:29 and arrives by 08:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that settles everything! Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.


I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
i have found 21 hotels that match your criteria. what part of town did you have in mind?
Area does not matter.
I'd suggest the [A and B Guest House] in the east. It's moderately priced and meets your criteria. Would that work for you?
Sounds great. Can I get it for 7 people? 4 nights starting Saturday
That one is not open then, shall I try another?
No,I will check husband and call back.
Okay. Let us know.
Can we try a different one in the same price range?
How about [Warkworth House]? It's also in the east, at warkworth terrace.
Okay let's try booking that and get me a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MZIURVDV .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for information about the train schedules. I would appreciate the help.
Absolutely! What information about trains are you looking for?
I want to go to Cambridge from Peterborough on Saturday.
What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to arrive by [09:00], please.
TR5662 will get you to Cambridge at 08:09. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What time would the train be leaving?
It leaves at 7:19
I am also looking for a nightclub in town. Could you give me that phone number and area of one?
Which part of town?
Any section of town is fine with me.
I have six. Would you like more info on one?
Please pick one and give me the phone number and area.
Ballare is a nightclub in the Centre. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed. Have a good day.
You're welcome! You have a good day as well!


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving [modern European] food.
I found 4 that you might be interested in. What type of price are you looking for?
I don't have a preference on price, but how about expensive?
There is one restaurant that is considered expensive and it is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like to book a table there?
No that won't be necessary. I just need the phone number and postcode please.
The phone number for [Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop] is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That did it. I appreciate the help. Goodbye!
Happy to help. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel called [Worth House].
The worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the north. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please, I need a reservation for 4 nights starting Monday for 1 person.
I've successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is VO1DEPI5 .
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to cambridge.
Not a problem, when would you like to depart or when would you like to arrive by?
I don't want to leave any earlier than [08:30], please.
the TR2083 leaves at 09:29, and arrives at 10:07.
Is this train the same day as my hotel booking?
No, I'm sorry it's not. For Monday, Train TR0757 will leave at 09:29 and arrive in cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Ok, that's all I need for now. Bye.
If there is any other way I can help you please let me know.


Hello, I'm looking for information on a hotel called [Hobsons House].
Hobsons House is a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the west. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes I need accommodations for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Sunday. I will also need a reference number once the arrangements are made.
Okay. Your reservation for 8 people, staying 3 nights, starting on Sunday at Hobsons House was successful. The reference number is QGI4OAH5 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train.
Where would you like the train for and when did you want to travel?
I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.
Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at the airport by [13:15]. Can I get a departure time and also the travel time for a train? Thanks!
TR1610 leaves at 5:40 and is a 28 minute trip. Shall I book it?
not now. thanks for the information
Do you need anything else?
I'm good, that's all I needed, Thanks!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No particular department. I just need the phone number please.
The phone number is 01223245151. What else can I help you with?
I need the street number, please.
There is no street number. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you for your time.
You are more than welcome!


Hi, I am hoping you can give me some information on places to dine.
I am sure we can find you a great place to dine. First, do you have a type of food in mind and what is your preferred price range?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that serves [corsica] food.
There are no corsica restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about [gastropub] restaurants please?
There are four restaurants that serve Gastropub, What pricerange would you like?
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at [15:45] on friday.
Okay I've got you at [The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar]. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XOKT79OB .
Also, I'm looking for places to go in town that are in the same area as the restaurant.
There are 44 results. Can I narrow down the results with a certain type of attraction?
It really doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one and give me the entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number?
Sure! How about Holy Trinity Church? It's a free architecture attraction, and their phone number is 01223355397. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope! That'll be all, thanks so much for your help!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the west?
Certainly. What type of food are you looking for?
My friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good [seafood] place.
I do have Loch Fyne in the Centre (nothing in the West, sorry!) that has expensive seafood. Want to give it a try?
I would like to stay in the west area. How about a [british] restaurant?
[Travellers Rest] in the west area is an expensive British restaurant. Would you like more info about them?
please get me the address
Travellers Rest is located at Huntington Road, City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for this evening?
No, I won't be in town till next week, thanks. Can you suggest a college in that same area?
I have give colleges in the west.
Can you recommend a college in the west area? I'll need the address, entrance fee and post code as well please.
Queen's college is located on silver street. The postcode is cb39et. Although the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, I think it's well worth the price of admission.
Sounds great. Can I also get info on a taxi leaving from [Q[ueen's ]College]
Yes I can get you a taxi where are you going and what time did you want to leave or arrive?
well I want to leave the attraction by [11:00] and I need the contact # and car type
In order to book the taxi I will need a destination. Can you please provide one?
I do not have a destination at this time.
Alright your booking number is 07829617509 and the car picking you up is a yellow ford.
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving [corsica] food.
There are no such restaurants. Would you like to make another query?
No Thank You
We have a couple of Italian restaurants in the west. Would you like information on those?
Thank you good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.


Yes, thank you. I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
Ok, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for [creative] food in the expensive range in the centre.
I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like for me to search for a different food type?
How about [indian] food?
I have 6 different restaurants that serve indian food. I have heard fabulous things about the [Curry] King, would you like more information on the restaurant or book a table?
Could you book a party of 5 for [16:30] on Friday?
Your table is reserved under reference #IQGAYLK4 . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.
Sure, I can assist you with that. Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge and need a train that will arrive by [12:30].
Okay, I just need the day you'll be traveling and I'll find the right train for you.
I need to depart on Friday.
I have several options. Is there a certain time you need to leave by?
I'm not sure what time I need to leave, but I do need to arrive by 12:30.
Ok great, the TR0637 will fit your needs. How many tickets will you need?
could you tell me how long the trip is?
TR0637 departs Cambridge at 09:39 on Friday and arrives at 11:07. The trip is approximately 88 minutes, barring any delays. There are few tickets left, would you like to book?
not now. thanks for the information
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the information. I have all I need.
you are welcome.


I am looking for a hotel called the [leverton house].
May I suggest the guesthouse called the Leverton House.
Yes, that is the one I wanted. Could I book a four night stay starting on Saturday?
How many people will be staying?
There will be a total of 8 of us.
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have rooms available. Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Sure. You can try something different as long as it is in the same price range as Leverton House.
I was able to book [allenbell], reference number is KZBURD59 .
Thank you! good bye.
Enjoy your stay.


I am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me.
I found five guesthouses. In order to narrow down the choices, would you like one that has internet or parking?
Well I would like one that's in a moderate price range. It needs to include free parking.
There are 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and all have parking, I apologise for the earlier error. Do you have a preference to star numbers?
No, that doesn't matter. I need to book one for Wednesday.
How about the [Archway House]? How manny days would you like to stay, and how many in your group?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book 3 days for 7 people. I also need the reference number as well.
I'm afraid there's no availability for that time. Can we try a different day or length of stay?
2 nights, then.
I am sorry, that hotel is not open for that booking. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, please. Something in the north, again.
Actually I was able to book Archway House for you after all. 2 Nights. Your reference number is MHAH7NWT . Do you need anything else?
Nope. I think I'm all set. Thank you kindly.
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!


I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge that would arrive by [19:45].
There are 1,029 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day, and/or the time it leaves?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Ely and leaves on Sunday.
Train TR5389 leaves Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in sly at 18:07. Can I book this for you?
That works, can you book 2 seats for me please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9YZO84HU . Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the Centre. Do you have any suggestions?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular kind of cuisine you're looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer [British] food.
There are 3 results for expensive british food in the centre area. The first is [fitzbillies restaurant], would you like more information on it?
That one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at [14:15]?
Just to make sure I have this correct. Which day would you like the reservation booked for?
The same day as the train, on sunday. Can I also get the reference number please?
Unfortunately that is booked already. Would you like to book a different time?
Can you try booking for 2 on Sunday at [13:15] instead?
Certainly! I was able to book you for 2 people at Fitzbillies Restaurant at 13:15 on Sunday. Your Reference number is YHP8JIIA .
Thanks so much - that's all I need today. You've been a great help!
Thank you as well. Have a wonderful day.


Hi, I need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars. What can you recommend?
We've got two expensive hotels with that criteria. Would you like to stay in the centre or the south?
It doesn't matter where the hotel is located.
Both Hotels have internet, does not state if it is free. The hotels are The Gonville Hotel and the Lensfield Hotel.
Can you book The [Gonville] for me please? It'll be just me staying
Yes, I can help you with that. How many nights will you be staying?
4 nights, checking in on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 565UIMXV .
Thank you for your help. Do I need to do anything else or I'm good?
That is all unless you need something more from me.
Thanks for all your help.
Happy to be of service. Goodbye!


I was just involved in a car accident.
I'm very sorry to hear that! Have you called the police yet? If not here is their number 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I have a passenger that is hurt. How can I get to the hospital to make sure they are okay?
You should contact this number: 01223358966.
Thanks, what's the address and postcode to the police department?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you for the info. That'll be all for now.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.
Yes I have Asian, British, International, European and Italian to name a few. Any preferences?
I would prefer [Lebanese] food.
There is [Ali baba] restaurant in the centre in modest price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes for 3 people at [13:45] on wednesday and a reference number bplease
I was able to book you for 3 people on Wednesday at 13:45. Your reference number is X1ZSIHLS . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need as train going to leicester.
Ok, great. What day will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday
There are trains going to Leicester at 21 minutes past the hour, every hour, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to travel?
I'd like one that leaves after [10:45]
TR5908 leaves Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06. Will that work for you?
Thanks so much you have been great! Gold stars for you!
Thank you for using our system today.


Hi, I'm looking for something to do in town. Are there any place like college I can visit in the centre of town?
There are 13 of them. [Downing College] on regent's street is free, you might be interested in it. Do you have any specific needs?
How about the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I also need a train leaving after [12:45] from cambridge
Where are you wanting to go to and what day?
I would like to go to Norwich and leave on a Saturday.
There is a train that leaves at 13:36 and arrives at 14:55, can I book you for that?
Yes, please. I need 8 tickets and my reference number please.
I have 8 tickets booked for you and your reference number is 90IJJ88B .
That should be it! Thank you for your assistance!
Thank you for contacting us today, have a nice day.


I am going to cambridge and need a hotel
I can help with that. Do you have a preferred price range in mind?
Not really. I like 4 star places that include free parking though.
I have several places. Which area would you prefer to be in.
I'd like to be in the north side of town.
I did not find a hotel that fits your criteria on the north side of town, but there are several guesthouses. Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?
Yes the phone number to the acorn guest house 01223353888 with a price range of moderate
I am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne.
There are several trains headed to broxbourne. What time of day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [16:15].
Train TR5688 is departing to broxbourne at 17:01 would you like to book this?
Yes, can you please book for 3 seats?
That booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP and your reference #1l0FBGWG
Thank you. That's everything I needed.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.


Is it true Cambridge has the best attractions? We are looking for something unusual to do in the centre.
There is teh [museum of archeology and anthropology] in the centre that is free of charge
That's perfect. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes can you help me find a place to eat too?
I'd be happy to help with your request, what area and what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like [chinese].
I'm afraid our restaurant system is currently down. Can I help you with something else at this time?
i would like to go site seeing
Other than the museum previously mentioned, I also suggest checking out the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street.
Ok, I think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. The next thing I need is a HOTEL in the centre that includes free parking.
The bold letters tells me no interest in a guesthouse huh? I ran a search there are two hotels, gonville and university arms. Any preference?
i'd like the [gonville] please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is W0P1SD78 . Anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I would like to book a taxi to leave after [11:45] to go to [king's college].
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from [Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch]. In addition, I would like the car type and its contact number.
It's your lucky day! The car reserved for you is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07996702109. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all the help.
No problem and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. have a spectacular day.


I need a guesthouse, with free parking.
There are a few options meeting your requirements. What area should the guest house be in?
I would like it in the cheap price range in the west.
The Finches Bed and Breakfast fits those requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, I don't care what part of town it is in. I just need 4 stars. Does The [Finches] offer that?
Yes they do have four stars. Free internet and parking, may I book that for you?
Yes please, just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Monday.
I'm sorry, it wasn't available. I did book a room at the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. It is a cheap 4 star with free parking. Reference number B4IRJDNN .
Thank you for the reference number B4IRJDNN. Goodbye.
Goodbye! Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. I'm looking for something with zero stars, I'm kind of doing an irony thing.
I show 3 with zero stars. One in the north, and two in the centre. Did you have a preference?
yes the one in centre of town will you book it ?
[Cityroomz] is in the centre of town with 0 stars. What date will you like me to book it?
Is it a guesthouse?
it is moderate priced hotel with free internet. can we go ahead and book?
Yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday.
You're all set! Reference number is CPNDRAUS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking to get train tickets as well.
We have 2,828 different trains available. Where are you leaving from.
I will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by [14:15]
There are 9 trains available. Do you need tickets booked?
Yes, I will need tickets for the group. Thank you
I have you booked on the last train, departing at 9:52. Your reference number is FIDSQKSN . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for now. Thank You
I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I'm heading to [Club Salsa], and I need a taxi.
I'll be happy to get one for you, what time would you like to leave?
I need to be at club salsa by [6:00] leaving [la tasca].
I have booked a taxi for you. It is a blue lexus and the contact number is 07417152476. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything.
Ok, enjoy your time at Club Salsa, come back if you need any further assistance!


I am looking for a train that goes to london liverpool street and leaves after [17:15].
I can certainly help you with that. Which day did you have in mind to travel?
I want to leave on Friday.
Unfortunately, the only train I have matching your criteria is one leaving 23:59 and arriving at 01:27 in the morning. Did you want to book that?
Yes that's fine. I'll take 8 tickets for that train please.
Alright, your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is NFA1DPXI . The train ID is TR3138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is everything. Thank you so much!
Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves [Turkish] food and is located in the west.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that fit those criteria. Would you like me search in another area, or for a different type of food?
is there a restaurant serving [indian] food?
There are several Indian restaurants in the west, would you prefer a more expensive price range or moderate?
Either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?
Yes I found five restaurants in the west four in the expensive range and one in the moderate price range.
Can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?
The tandoori palace is a restaurant in the expensive price range located at 68 histon road chesterton. The phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I am specifically look for a four star hotel.
I am showing 21 hotels with a four star rating. Would you also like a hotel that is in the west?
Not necessarily I just needed to be a guest house with free Wi-Fi
We have [finches bed and breakfast], also in the west with complimentary internet, as well as four stars. Would you like me to book this for you?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : QKZSOURZ .. Anything else today?
I need a taxi to travel between the two places. I need to leave [tandoori] by [07:30]. Can you suggest something for me? I need contact number and car type.
I would be happy to help with finding a taxi. Can I ask where you will be traveling too? That way we can find the best taxi company for you!
Yes to the hotel from the restaurant. I need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.
I have booked a black Skoda for you at 7:30 at the restaurant. The contact number is 07889958021.
Thank you so much for your assistance today I think that will be all.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Hi! Can you tell me about some of the museums in Cambridge?
Certainly! There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Are there any particular type of museum that you are interested in?
Can you recommend one to me and give me the address?
Sure, the byard art's address is 14 king's parade
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee for the museum is free. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves [creative] food?
I'm sorry there are no restaurants that match your requests, is there another type of food?
How about on that serves [Mexican] food?
Yes, I have a place called [Chiquito restaurant bar], does that sound like something you would enjoy?
Yes, could I book it for 5 people at [12:00] on Wednesday, please?
Certainly. I've booked you for 5 people at 12:00 at the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.


I am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is expensive. What ones are available to book for next Thursday through Sunday?
I'm happy to help with that. Is there a particular area you'd like? What about amenities?
Actually, I'm not looking for a hotel at all. I'm looking for a train on Thursday that is departing Birmingham New after [12:15] to Cambridge. Is there anything available?
Twelve trains match your request. When do you want to arrive?
Anytime is fine by me. Can I have the train ID and travel time?
The train departing closest to 12:15 is the TR3498, which leaves at 12:40. The duration of the trip is 163 minutes.
Yes also I am looking to visit one of the colleges on the wets side of town.
I'm showing 5 colleges in the west end. 3 have free admission, 2 charge a 2.50 pounds fee.
Could you provide me with the address of each location including the entrance fee for them as well?
Three are free: Churchill, at Storey's Way; Clare Hall, at Herschel Road; and Magdalene on Magdalene St. The others are 2.5P, Clare at Trinity Lane; and Queens' at Silver Street.
Thanks you have been very helpful. That's all I need for today.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day!


I'm excited about my trip to Cambridge to sight see, and need a hotel while I'm there.
Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Im not sure but I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
What price range would you like?
I am looking for something moderately price and that is 4 star rated. I prefer a guesthouse also.
I have 7 guesthouses in the north, 3 in East and 1 in the South. Would you like me to book the Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse in the South?
I would like the postcode of [Aylesbray Lodge] and I would like to find where the [Milton Country Park] is located.
I can only process one req at a time. Which one would you like first?
I need both pieces of information right now.
The postcode for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr. Milton Country Park is located in the north in Milton and the post code is cb46az.
THank you so much for all your help.
You are quite welcome.


I'm looking for information on an attraction called [lynne strover gallery].
It's in west and it is free to get in. Is that all?
What type of attraction is Lynne Strover Gallery and what is the address of the Gallery?
Lynne Strover Gallery is a museum located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge after [16:30].
I can help you with that. What's your destination and what day and time would you like to leave?
It is going to peterborough and should leave on thursday and I need it to leave after 16:30.
I have the TR8132 which leaves at 16:34. How many tickets please?
I would like 4 tickets please.
Tickets are 16.50 pounds each. Would you like me to reserve your tickets?


I need a taxi.
Ok. Where are you going?
I guess first I'd better find a place to stay. I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse and it should include free wi-fi and parking.
I have several places that meet your needs. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to stay in?
Not really, but which of these have the best rating?
The acorn guest house is the highest recommended guesthouse with 4 stars.
Ok, could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode please?
Certainly, acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da, and their phone is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm looking for somewhere to eat that does barbecue? Is there anywhere like this in the city center? If there's no barbecue, what about [Japanese]?
I didn't happen to have any barbeque restaurants but I did find a japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's called Wagamama. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Can I get the restaurant address please?
Yes their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. Will there be anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time. Thanks for your help. Have a nice day.
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting us here at the Cambridge TownInfo centre and I hope you have a great day!


Help I was just robbed! Could you please help me contact the police?
Parkside police phone number is: 01223358966.
Could I also get the address of the police station?
The address for the police station is Parkside, Cabridge and the postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
no that is all good day.
Best of luck to you.


Do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse?
I sure can! First of all, is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Something cheap, but 4 star quality.
How about the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane that is the cheap price range?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, not right now. Could you tell me what area that's in, and the postcode and phone number?
It's on the east side of town. The postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you for your help! That's all I will need for today.
Thank you for contacting the help desk, have a great day.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [moroccan] food in the centre.
I'm sorry, there are no Moroccan restaurants located in the Centre. Can I help you find something else?
Is there an [International] restaurant in the city centre?
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and [bloomsbury restaurant], both moderately priced. would you like me to book you for either one?
Could you check if either has booking for 7 people at [13:00] on thursday?
You are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant. Your reference number AZ9LL6MU . Do you need help with anything else?
No. I think that will be all. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal.


I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.
There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?
[The Cambridge Belfry] is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks
Sure, I can do that. How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.
I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by [16:30].
I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.
Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?


I am looking for an attraction in the centre that has multiple sports.
i recommend old school 01223332320
[Old School] is the multiple sports attraction? Great name. What's the address?
The address is Trinity Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
Sure thing what kind of food do you want?
Before we move on, may I get the postcode of Old School? Also, I'd like to find some information on hotel [Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge] rather than food.
Sure thing! It is cb21tt
book for 2 people and 5 nights from monday
I've made those reservations and your reference number is 19IY1XE1 .
Thanks, again. Finally, I need a taxi between the hotel and the [Old School] attraction, please.
Absolutely, what is the date and time you would like the taxi for?
The same day, I want it to take me between the two places. I'll need to leave the hotel by [10:30].
Booked your taxi, a black ford. Contact number will be 07004802042.
Great, you've handled all my needs for today! Thanks a ton! Bye!
It was my pleasure! Bye until next time!


I would like to get a taxi to pick me up after [16:45].
We can make that happen, but first I'll need to know your departure and destination locations.
I will be going to [Jesus College] from the [Nirala].
Okay. A blue volvo is booked for you.
Great, I will also need their contact number please.
Yes, the contact number is 07047852975. Is there anything else you need?
That's all, thank you so much!
You're very welcome. Please contact us again if you need anything else.


I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area.
I have 69 places, which type of food would you like or price range?
I'd like a [vegetarian] restaurant.
Unfortunately, there are no vegetarian restaurants. Is there another cuisine you would like to try?
That's disappointing. Can you try [international] food instead?
I have two international restaurants available. is there a price range you would like to stay within?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range.
the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are in the moderate price range. Which one would you like?


I need some details about a police station, I think it's called Parkside Station.
It's address is Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JGI
Thank you, that was all I needed.
You're welcome, have a lovely day.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
If you need to contact the police you can phone them at 01223358966. Or, is there some specific information I can help you with?
We need to find a guesthouse in the north for our stay.
I have both cheaply and moderately priced guesthouses to choose from. Do you have a preference?
must have free wi fi
There's quite a few. I personally like the acorn guest house. It's 4 stars with internet access. It's located at 154 chesterton road.
Great, Can you please book me for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday?
I have booked you for 2 people for 5 nights at acorn guest house. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train.
I need a departure are and destination please


I was just robbed and need some help!
Oh dear, Parkside Police Station is at Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Yes it is. Can you please give me their contact information?
The phone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I may need the postcode. What is it, please?
That post code is CB11JG.
Thanks for everything!
Thank you, Goodbye.


a restaurant in the moderately priced range, please
There is a lot of restaurants in the moderate priced range. Please tell me the area or the food you would like today.
Okay, would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town? I am having trouble deciding what I want to eat today.
[Meghna] is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, and is in the moderate price range.
Phone number, please.
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?
Thank you very much! Goodbye!
Thank you and goodbye!


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?
Do you have a certian time of day ?
I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street after [12:30]. Whichever train departs from platform 9 3/4.
TR0680 will leave at 12:40. I don't have information on the specific platform. Please consult your local ministry with regards to that. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you please make me a booking for 4 people on that train, and give me the reference number? Thanks!
Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is U487NKQU . Will that be all?
I also need a place to stay. It would be great if it had free wifi. I don't really care about parking though.
Choices, choices, choices! There are 32 hotels which could fit your criteria. Which area of town would you prefer to be? Also, maybe a price range so we can narrow this down a bit to get the best fit for you!
No preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). Maybe a 2 star option?
I have 2 in the north and 1 in the east
Tell me more about the one in the east please.
Okay it's the express by holiday inn cambridge on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the post code is cb13lh.
Great thats everything I need thanks for the help
Thank you. Goodbye


I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves [indian] food.
[Curry Garden] at 106 Regent Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, what are their hours of operation?
What day and time would you like to book a table?
On Friday please at [19:30] for a party of 5 please.
Your reservation has been made for friday at 19:30 for 5 people at Curry Garden. The reference number is APDCC4GS . Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Have a nice day.
I would also like to book a train departing from Cambridge after [15:30].
I'm happy to help with that. Where would you like to go? Do you have a day in mind?
I'd like to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday. There will be 5 of us. Can you book that?
5 tickets for train TR0638 departing from Cambridge at 15:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 15:08 this Saturday. The fee is payable at the station. Reference number: MVIBVUVE .
Thanks thats all.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.
Have a great day.
Thanks, you too, can I just close this dialogue?
Yes you are all set thank you for using our system.


Hello, I'm looking for an Expensive [Indian] restaurant. What can you recommend?
I found 14 expensive Indian restaurants. What location do you prefer?
Are there any in the centre location?
[Panahar] looks like a good choice. It's on Norfolk Street in the city centre.
That sounds great. Could you book me a table for Thursday for 2 people at [11:00]?
Seems like I cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant. Thank you
Um ok? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
I was able to make you a reservation at [Saffron Brasserie] on Hills Road in City Centre for 2 people at 11:00 on Thursday. Your reference number is 9VCXTCZZ .
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!
You too. Thank you.


I need to take a train into Norwich on Monday.
We have 19 trains heading to Norwich on Monday. What would be your point of departure on that day?
Cambridge, and I need to leave after [18:00].
Train TR6688 would work, would you like me to book you passage?
Sure, we have a group of 7 people.
Booking was successful. Total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E0JGKV67
Can you recommend any kind of entertainment in town?
There are lots of things to do, did you have an area preference?
no area preferences really anywhere in town would be perfect.
I would suggest the [funk fun house].
That sounds great. I'll need the address, area, and entrance fee, please?
Sure thing the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. In the east side of town and there is no info fee information.
that is all i wanted for today thanks
I am gald i can help. enjoy


I need to get in touch with the police, I have just been the victim of a robbery.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are all right. You can call them at the number 01223358966.
Can I get the address and post code?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Call back if you need further help.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time


Hi, I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.
Do you have a particular museum in mind or would you like suggestions?
I would be open to suggestions please.
Great! The [Broughton House Gallery] at 98 King Street would be a good choice; and there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number and postcode?
Yes, I do need the information.
The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks. Please help me find information about a train to Cambridge. It should get there by [18:15]
I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from kings lynn.
The TR3677 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
I need a train that will leave on Saturday.
TR1499 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
That should work. Can you give me the price?
Yes, the price is 7.84 pounds per person, shall I book you?
Not right now, I am also looking for an expensive [Italian] restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
I'm not finding any expensive Italian restaurants in centre. Do you have a second choice?
Actually I don't need a restaurant after all. I have all I needed, thanks. Goodbye.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.


I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.
I have several guesthouses that offer free parking. Is there a particular price range you are interested in? What area of town are you interested in staying?
Yes, I would like an expensive guesthouse please! The area does not matter.
There are no expensive guesthouses in the area. Would you like a moderately priced guesthouse?
I want a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
[Acorn Guest House] as a 4 star rating and in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this one?
I guess. I'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on wednesday.
I was able to book your party of 8 into Acorn Guest House on Wednesday for 2 nights, Reference: tgma40ey . Can I help more today?
I am also looking for some [international] food.
There are three restaurants that serve international food, are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
Do you have any in the East?
We have one and it's called The Missing Sock. Would you like a booking.
Yes, please book at [18:45] on the same day, Wednesday, for the same number of people, eight.
ok thank you i will send you the booking receipt as soon welcome


I'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge
I have a number of 4 star guesthouses available, would you like to book one in a particular area?
Not really. Could you suggest one with free parking?
Okay, how about the [Acorn Guest House] in the north?
Sure. Can we spend 5 nights starting on Sunday? I am going to need room for 7 people.
Reference number is 29IN9CT3 for the acorn guesthouse.
I would also like to eat somewhere cheap in the middle of town.
I suggest the dojo noodle bar, an asian oriental restaurant, would you like to make a reservation?
do you have one the is [portuguese] food ?
There is. How does [Nandos City Centre] sound?
Sounds great if it is portuguese. I'll take a reservation for 7 people at [20:00] for the same day.
You're all set. Your reference number is 6R5W1RRE and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you! Bye!


I have the name of an attraction that I need help finding.
I can try and help. Do you know that name of it?
The [Mumford Theatre].
I see it here. It's located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like the phone number.
The phone number is 08451962320. Can I help you with anything else?
No that we be all for today. Thank you.
We are happy to help, thank you for using our services.


Can you arrange for a taxi to bring me to [kohinoor]?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arrive no later than [12:45] please
And where would you like to be picked up from?
I'm leaving from [wandlebury country park].
I have a black volvo coming to pick you up. Their contact number is 07270738865 if you have any questions. Thank you!
Thank you that is all I need today.
Enjoy your trip!


I have an attraction in mind that I need help finding.
Maybe I could help. Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it is called [Nusha].
I've located Nusha and it's in the South. It's located in Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road.
Ok, thank you. I also need to find a hotel that is expensive.
Okay, in what area?
I do not have a preference on the area.
I would recommend the university arms hotel, which is centrally-located and offers free wifi and parking. Does that interest you?
Is that a 1 star hotel?
No. I'm sorry. It's not a 1 star establishment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you look for a 4 star hotel in the same price range?
How about the Hundington Marriott Hotel in the west? It gets 4 stars.
No thank you that will be all
Well, if you are sure, I hope you have a great visit! Thank you.


I want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town.
The [acorn guest house] is in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Is that in the expensive price range?
No, that is in the moderate price range.
I would like one that is in the expensive price range, please. A bit more upscale.
I am sorry but I cannot find a guesthouse in the north that is expensive. Would you like me to look for a different price range?
No, are there any guesthouses available in the Centre?
No there are no guesthouses in the centre. Would you like anything else?


I need a cheap place to stay in the centre
Sure, we have two guesthouses that fit, the 4 star [alexander bed and breakfast] and the unrated [el shaddai]. Would you like to book a room at one?
Do either of those include free parking?
Yes, they both include free parking.
Then book one, doesn't matter which. Eight people, two nights, starting Wednesday.
I was able to book a reservation at el shaddai . Reference number is : AHYOTIAB . Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all. Thanks so much. Bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.


Good eve! I'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of [afternoon tea].
I'm sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Is there any other food type you would like me to look for?
No, I would like afternoon tea in the west.
sorry we got none.
Could you try [Italian] then?
There is one Italian restaurant in that area.
What is the name?
There are actually two it looks like: Prezzo and La Margherita.
Can I get the information for [Prezzo]?
What information can I get for you?
I need to get the phone number, address, and postcode.
Prezzo is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. The post code is cb30ad. You can reach them at 01799521260.
Thank you. I am also going to need train information.
Of course, what train information may I get for you today?
I need a train to leave after [9:30] from Kings Lynn departing for Cambridge on Thursday.
What day will you be traveling, please?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
I have a train that departs at 10:11. Would you like to book it?
No not at this time. I would just like the train ID for that train.
The train id is TR1704.
Have a nice day.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, Thank you so much.
Okay thanks for calling.
Okay thank you for calling.
welcome and have a great day


Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking. Internet is not important.
Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel
I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by [08:15].
London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?


I am looking for a train to leave on Monday.
Sure. Where are you looking to go?
I need to arrive at bishops stortford by [20:00].
We have 7 such entries. Do you have a preference further?
I just need the train ID, departure time, and price of one please
TR4283 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in bishops stortford by 06:07. Is this okay?
Can I get the price of the ticket please?
Certainly. It's 10.10 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.
OK, have a great day. Bye.


I am looking for a place to stay.
We have 33 options, any preference in options such as area or price?
I would like to stay in the east and I am looking for a 4 star rating.
What type of pricing would you like?
I want a cheap guesthouse.
There are 3 that fit the bill. Can I recommend [Leverton House]? 4 stars, cheap, in the east, and they offer complimentary parking and Internet.
That'll work. Please book me a room for one, checking in Monday for 2 nights
I can book you a room at the Allenbell. How many people will be staying?
One person for two nights and need the reference number. Also want to reserve a table at [Travellers Rest] for one on Monday at [13:45], the reference number as well.
Okay. I have your reservation for the hotel and your reference number for this booking is JAS1X0DX .
Thank you so much for your help, that is all I need.
Thank you i enjoyed serving you welcome again


I'm interested in finding theatres in the centre, if any.
There are 4 theatres in the centre of town. May I recommend ADC Theatre on Park Street?
Sure may I have the address, postcode and phone number please?
The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street, postcode cb58as, and the phone number is 01223300085.
Awesome! Thanks! I will also be needing a train to leave Cambridge. Can you also help with that?
There are a lot of trains departing cambridge throughout the day and night. What is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?


I am planning a trip to Cambridge. I was hoping to find the attraction called [magdalene college].
Magdalene College is located in the west part of Cambridge. What information would you like about the college?
I'd like the postcode and address, please.
Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street with a postcode of CB30AG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find the [Ashley Hotel], please.
The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel on the north side of town. Would you like assistance booking a room there?
Yes. I'd like to book a room on Friday for 2 nights for 7 people.
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
How about just for 1 night? Can I also get a reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is ZR1YUZB1 .
Thank you. I also need a taxi from the college to the hotel, please.
I would be happy to book a taxi for you, what time would you like to leave the college by?
I'd like to leave the college by [7:00].
Your booking with a white ford has been completed. The contact number is 07979324338 and you will leave at 7:00.
Thank you that is all, good bye.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.


I'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre
Yes! What kind of cuisine would you like?
Any restaurant that you recommend will be great. Can I have the postcode for the one you pick too?
I would recommend Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant. It's postcode is cb21dp. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
There are five hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to book one or would you rather narrow it down further?
I would prefer to find one that is located in the north.
There are no expensive hotels in the north area with free parking.
Is there a cheaper one?
There are 9 in the moderate price range do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel.
I have two hotels that fit your needs. I recommend the [ashley hotel]. When would you like to book a room?
Do either have internet?
yes ahley does has free internet. can we book it
No thanks, I just need the address please.
the address is 74 chesterton road
thanks for helping. have a great day
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Have a great day too.
Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what do you need to know?
I would like to book a reservation at [Caffe Uno].
What day and time do you need the reservation for? And how many people in your group?
I need the reservation for 1 person for Friday at [10:15].
Your booking was successful and your table has been reserved! Your reference number is 3UH2KQDP . Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a train on Friday also, going into Cambridge.
Ok, where from and what time do you want to arrive by?
I am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by [08:15]
I can put you on the tr0035 it will get you there by 08:09. How many tickets do you need?
Just one. Can I get the reference number for that?
Your reference number is E75VHN9I and 16.5 pounds will be payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please email or fax me the fare amount, as well as the reference number?
it will cost you 16.50 pounds and the Reference number is : E75VHN9I .
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.


Can you help me find a train going to london kings cross leaving on thursday?
Did you have a certain time you needed to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave cambridge and arrive by [20:15].
I could suggest train TR8636, which arrives by 07: 51, should I book?
I don't need the booking yet. You've already give me the train ID. I just need the departure time and the travel time. Thanks.
you leave at 7 and arrive by 7 51.
What is the travel time? I'm also looking for information on a hotel, [carolina bed and breakfast].
The travel time is 51 minutes. As far as that hotel goes, it's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse on the east side.
I want to book for 5 people, 4 nights, starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : K5MBWIXI .
Thanks so much. That was all I needed today.
If you need anything else, please contact us.


I need the address to a college in town
any specific price range to help narrow down available options?
Yes, what are the entrance fees?
I'd recommend [Christ's College], it's free to enter.
Thank you I also would like to get a place to stay in the south.
I have many options. Do you have preference on price?
The price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. I don't need internet.
The lensfield hotel is a match for you. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town.
I have one hotel and 3 guesthouses in the south. What price range are you interested in?
It would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 3 star rating.
The lensfield hotel meets all those criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, We need it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday for 3 people.
I'm sorry, booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes that's fine, can you please stay in the same price range though?
There is nothing in the same price range in the south. Would you like to try another area?
I don't care about the area anymore... Could you please book an expensive 3 star hotel?
I was able to book you at the [Gonville Hotel]. Your reference number is LW5YDJUB . Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.


Hi, I am looking for a place to swim at in cambridge.
There are four, including parkside pools located in the centre.
May I have their phone numbers and the entrance fee for the pools.
The number for parkside pools is 01223446100. You will need to call them to see if there is an entrance fee.
Thanks, also in the centre of Cambridge, could you find me an [asian oriental] place to dine?
There are 4 options for asian oriental which range from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I prefer moderate cost
The [Yippee Noodle Bar] is moderately priced. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 on Monday at [17:45]
Unfortunately it is not available at that time or party size.
Let's try [16:45] then.
You now have a 16:45 reservation for 7 at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is BOZ3MSRO .
That is all I need. Thank you.
You are very welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a hotel in the north that is moderately priced?
I have two hotels, would you like me to book one?
Do either of them have free wifi and parking? It is critical that I have internet and a parking spot.
Yes, both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge have free wifi and parking.
Can you book the [Ashley Hotel] for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
I have those reservations made for you. Your reference number is 732E0LHX .
I am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to cambridge.
Of course! When would you like to travel?
Wednesday also. I can't leave until after [15:15] though.
TR1342 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52. Does that work for you?
Possibly, I'll have to confirm with my husband later. Can you tell me what the travel time is for that train? And the price as well?
The price is 10.10 and it takes 28 minutes.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting us today, have a good night.


Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called [The Missing Sock]. Can you direct me to where it is located?
Sure, they server international food and are located at [Finders Corner Newmarket Road]. Would also like their phone number?
I need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.
Sure thing. What day and time would you like for your reservation, and for how many people?
The reservation will be for Sunday at 18:00 for 7 people. If 18:00 is not available please try [17:00] and provide me with a reference number.
I was able to get you a table at 17:00, reference number is SZGQO8JU . Since we were able to take care of your reservation do you still want the phone number?
I don't need it anymore. Can you look for a place to stay, please? I would like something in the north with 4 stars.
I have a few different options. Do you need internet or parking?
Need a hotel in the North with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.
The Kirkwood House is beautiful and meets your requirements. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, this sounds ideal. I need an address
The address is [172 chesterton road].
And would it be possible to get a taxi from the Kirkwood to the restaurant?
I have booked you a yellow volkswagen with contact number 07858089421
ok, that's all I needed, thank you so much!
You're very welcome! I hope that you enjoy your time here! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.


Can you help me find The [Fitzwilliam Museum]?
The Fitzwilliam museum is in the Centre, and is located on Trumpington Street.
Can I get the address, attraction type, and area please?
Sure, it is a museum in the centre, located on Trumpington Street. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've been great! Thank you for helping.
Enjoy your visit to the museum. Goodbye!


I'm looking for [British] food. I want the restaurant to be in the town centre.
Sure, there are quite a few British restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced?
It doesn't matter. Please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose.
How about The Copper Kettle? The phone number is 01223365068.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help
Welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I look forward to dining at the Copper Kettle. Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you for using our system, enjoy.


Find me expensive restaurant that serves [international] food.
My apologies. I could not find any restaurants that serve International food in the expensive price range.
[British].
fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number?
It's 01223352500. Would you like the address?
No, you've covered it all, I believe. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.


i want to find a hospital in town
The nearest hospital is on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need further assistance?
No, thank you, good bye
Thank you for contacting us. I am glad we could help.


I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town
There is portuguese and chinese restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. Which do you prefer?
Either is fine, could you provide me their address and post code?
Nandos address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and thier post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
I would like to know which type of food [Nandos] is serving.
Nandos serves Portuguese food. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.


I am searching for a restaurant serving [vietnamese] food in the centre of town.
There is one Vietnamese restaurant, but it's in the West end of town. Would that work for you?
I prefer to stay in the centre of town. Is there a [turkish] restaurant?
Yes there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town in the moderate and expensive price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range.
[Anatolia] serves Turkish food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number?
Can you give me the address?
the anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre. Is there any other information you need?
What price range is Anatolia?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


I need a taxi that departs from [hobsons house] and arrives by [13:45].
Before I can complete the booking, I need to know what your destination will be?
I would like to go to [the missing sock].
Ok, I've booked a bluw BMW to pick you up, the contact number for the taxi is 07753554646.
Perfect, thank you.
No problem, let me know if you need anything else.


I am looking for a specific hotel.
Not a problem. If you give me the name, or as much of the name as you remember, I can try to find that for you.
It was [arbury lodge guesthouse].
Of course. That's in the north part of town and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I need one for 4 nights for two people staring from Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 04UQ2GXW .
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?
sorry, there are none, can we try another area?
How about a nightclub instead?
There are five options, i personally recommend Kambar, would you like more info?
I like the name. Could you give me [Kambar's] address, postcode and entrance fee please?
Kambar is at 1 Wheeler Street. The postcode is cb23qb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? It should pick me up from the hotel at [13:45] and take me to [Kambar]
Your car has been booked. The car is a black Honda and the contact number is 07050481392. Anything else you need help with today?
No, there is nothing else I need today.
You are welcome, have a great day.


I'm actually in need of a train leaving Thursday after [16:00] from Cambridge to London Kings Cross. Can you find me one?
Certainly, the earliest train by your specifications is TR1791, leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51. Would you like to book that train?
Great. Can you please give me the travel time and price?
Yes, the travel time is 51 minutes, and the price is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Your very welcome! Have a nice day!
Thank you very much.
Okay. Thank you again.


Please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the East
I'm sorry we do not have any East hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. East is still preferred.
none fits your criteria. can we change the area?
Try something in the center of town.
The [Gonville Hotel] is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. It's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V7EWG9E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving [indian] food.
I have many. What area would you prefer dining in?
I would like somewhere in the same area as the hotel.
I have 5 all located in the centre
Then please pick one and give me their phone number band postcode.
saffron brasserie is located at Hills Road City Centre, post code cb21la. Their phone number is 01223354679. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.
you are welcome.


Are there any restaurants on the West that serve [turkish] food? I want some.
sorry, nothing in that area. a different location?
same location but I want [Indian] food now. Yummy.
I have 6 places that serve indian. 5 are expensive and one is moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Yeah, could you give me the address and phone number for the moderately priced restaurant?
It is called Meghna. Their address is 205 Victoria Road, Chesterton, CB43LF.
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge after [19:15].
There are a few options of trains that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day of travel, or arrival time?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford on Friday.
I have found 3 trains available arriving at 20:07 and 24:07. When would you like to arrive?
Either one will do. What's the price and train id.
Train TR3547 will arrive at 24.07 the price is 10.10 pounds
Thank you. That's all I need right now.
okay let us know if you need anything else.
I'm all set. Thanks for everything. Bye.
Ok have a great day!


Yes I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Peterborough.
And where will the destination be?
I would like to go to Cambridge.
There are 38 trains that can get you there, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after [13:00]
The TR5003 train leaves Peterborough at 13:48. I can book you a seat on it if you'd like.
I don't need a ticket right now, but could you tell me the travel time and price?
A single ticket costs 16.50 pounds and total travel time is about 50 minutes. Will that be all today?
I changed my mind can you book that for me please?
Your all set, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EEJF27IZ . Bye!


i want to book a taxi.
Where are you departing from?
I want to be picked up from [lan hong house] and taken to [great saint mary's church] please
Sure, can you please give me a few details on departure site, time, etc?
As I said, I want to be picked up from lan hong house and taken to great saint mary's church please. I would like to arrive by [20:15].
A yellow BMW will pick you up at Lan Hong House for arrival at Great Saint Mary's Church by 20:15. Their Contact number is 07224360909. Is there anything further today?
no thanks, thats is all
Ok. Thanks for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


Im looking for a place to eat [eritrean] food at the centre.
I am sorry there are none located in the centre. Something else perhaps?
What about something moderately priced that's in the centre instead?
OK, there are a lot of moderately priced restaurants in the centre. How do you feel about british food?
[British] food sounds good. What options do I have?
[Restaurant one seven] is a good one. Would you like to book it?
I am not quite ready to book a table, but may I have the address of the restaurant including the postcode and the phone number?
Phone is, 01223337766. Adress starting with post code is,cb21ab De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre
I also need a place to stay.
I'd be happy to help you acquire lodgings. What part of the city would you like to stay in, and what amenities do you prefer?
I'm not so concerned about the area, but I'm looking for something cheap. I won't need to use parking.
Alright, I have [Alexander Bed & Breakfast] already in centre, very affordable and 4 stars. Does that interest you?
Does it include free wifi?
I'm sorry, after searching I was unable to acquire any information about the hotel and weather it has wifi.
Is there another one that is in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?
My apologies. Actually, Alexander Bed and Breakfast does include free wifi. I have confirmed that information.
That's great can you give me the phone number, postcode and address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Sure, it's at 56 saint Barnabas road, Cb12de. The phone number is 01223525725. Would you like me to book you a room?
Nah, that won't be necessary.
Is there anything else that you might need?
entrance fee, address, and phone number
I'm sorry, our signals may have gotten crossed. What would you like to know the entrance fee, address, and phone number for?
I am sorry. That was my mistake. I h ave all the information I need, thank you.
Ok Thank you and have a great day.


I'm looking for a [Chinese] restaurant on the south side of town.
There are 2 expensive and 1 cheap restaurant matching your criteria. Which price range do you prefer?
Book me a table for 7 on Thursday at [17:30] and send me a reference number. Thank you.
Would you like to book cheap or expensive?
I don't care what price range it is in. I will need a reference number please for the reservation.
Let's decide on the lucky star. Unfortunately, that appears to already be booked. Do you want to try one of the others?
Yes please. Let's try the other one you mentioned.
Ok, I've booked a table for 7 at 17:30 on thursday at [the good luck ]chinese food takeaway]. Your reference number is LA1YYDOO .
Can you help me find a place to stay
No problem, there's the [aylesbray lodge guest house] which is also in the south area. It's moderately priced, four stars, with parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes I need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting thursday, can I get the reference number?
Great your reference number is 4U18B867
Thank you. I will also need a taxi so that I can commute between these two locations and I need it to arrive at [17:30].
All right, a white ford will arrive by 17:30. The contact number is 07655989652.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for using this system!


I am going out of town from Cambridge on tuesday and need to take a train, can you help me?
Absolutely. Where are you heading to?
I am going to ely
Ok, did you have a certain time you wanted to leave after or arrive in Ely?
I would like to leave after [19:15] please.
for how many ?
for 2 people, please
Booking was successful, .Reference number is : G02V81W6 . The train ID is TR5511, it leaves at 19:50
I'm also looking for a college in the west. Can you recommend one?
There are 5. 3 are free, and 2 cost 2.50 Pounds to visit. What do you prefer?
How about one of the free ones? Give me the address and phone number.
Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that is everything I can think of. Thanks for your help!
Thank you enjoy the rest of your day.


List all thursday train times heading to cambridge.
There are 202 entries, can you please be more specific?
Okay, I guess that would be quite a lot of typing. How about this: I need a train leaving from Leicester sometime after [21:45] on Thursday.
What time would you like to leave?
Anytime after 21:45 is good.
I have train TR8149 leaving at 22:09,is that okay?
That is fine. Can you give me the price and travel time, please?
It is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay.
Sure. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you find one in the north?
do you have specifications about star rating?
No, but parking is a necessity.
i found 10 places to stay that match your criteria. to narrow it down, which price range would you like?
I don't care about price range, actually.
I have found a train and a room that meets your specifications.It leaves at 6:09 am and travel time is 105 minutes.


can i find the parkside police station
The phone numbe for the Parkside police station is 01223358966.
thank you, i also need the postcode and address.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you for your help
You're welcome. Have a great night.


HI, can you help me find a hotel on the north side of town please?
Sure! There are two hotels on the north side of town: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
Do either of them have 2 stars?
They do both have two stars yes.
Can I get the postcode of one you'd recommend?
I would recommend the Lovell Lodge. Their postcode is cb41sr. Would you like more information or may I book a room for you?
Can you also tell me about some theatres in town?
There is adc theatre in the post code cb58as on park street. There are 4 others in Cambridge.
Thank you. That's all I needed to know.
Excellent. Have a good day!


I'd really like to visit [Great Saint Mary's Church]. Could you give me some information about it?
Sure, is there anything specific you'd like to know?
Can I get some information about visiting Great Saint Mary's Church?
This is found in the center of town. Their phone number is 01223350914 and their postcode is cb23pq.
What is the entrance fee for that attraction?
Admission to Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds.
Thanks. I am also looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre.
Sure, there are plenty of places in the area. Did you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
No, just expensive in the centre. Recommend one for me.
You should try dining at [kymmoy], an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Would you be interested in booking a table?
Definitely, Please book me for 7 people at [14:45] on wednesday. I also would like the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XWZ8N8GF . Anything else I can do?
Thanks! That's all I needed.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


I was wondering if you could tell me where the Addenbrookes Hospital is?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ
what is their phone number?
The main phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you for the information. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre - I hope you have a great day!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There are 21 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by type of food?
Yes, I would like to find something with [south african] food.
There are no restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves South African food. Would you like to try a different type or a different price range?
What about one in the centre of cambridge that serves [spanish] food?
There is [La Tasca] located at 14-16 bridge street. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at [13:00] on friday.
I'm sorry, but it looks like they have no openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes please try [12:00] with the reservation for 8 and once made, send me the reference number.
Ok. I have booked a table for 8 at 12:00. Your reference number is 797L5BG6 . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to stay
I can help with that. Do you have any specifications?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
We have 32 places for such criteria. Do you have an area in mind?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant.
I have 5 different options available to you. Is there a price range that you prefer to stay within?
I want the hotel to also be in the centre and moderate price.
okay then [cityroomz] is your only option. do you want me to book it for you?
Can they handle 8 people? And we'll need it for 3 nights starting the same day as the restaurant reservation.
Ok I have booked your reservation for 8 people on friday. Your reference number is LS1TUGN7 . Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, I would also like to book a taxi to the restaurant.
I have booked a taxi to take you to La Tasca for your reservation.
Can I get the contact number? And what type of car is it?
A blue toyota will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07880874608. Just to confirm you wanted to arrive by 12:00, correct?
Yes that is correct. Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, thank you very much.
You are very welcome.


Yes, I'm looking for a place to go in the south.
Sure let me help you with that. Which type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you recommend any good museums there?
The [byard art] is the only museum in the south and the entrance fee is free.
What is their phone number?
01223464646 phone number
Can you tell me the postcode?
The postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.


am looking for a train it should leave on sunday and should depart from bishops stortford
Thank you. Where is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.
What time are you looking to depart/arrive?
I want to depart after [18:30].
TR0053 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Do you want me to book this train? I will need your details, please.
Yes, I need 1 ticket and can you please give me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6W3KFY5N .
Thanks ever so much! You've been very helpful.
You are very welcome! Have a nice trip.


I am looking for an [Afghan] restaurant in the expensive price range.
There are none in that range, perhaps something else?
Okay, how about [mexican] food?
[Chiquito Restaurant Bar] fits that criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at [18:30] on tuesday.
Unfortunately we can not book you for that date and time. Would you like to try another date or time perhaps?
How about [17:30] instead?
That's a better time, your reference number is IV21ENWM and the table will be held for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a place to stay with free wifi. The hotel should have a 0 star rating. Do you have anything like that?
Sure, there is one option. [CityRoomz], shall I book a room for you?
Is that expensive?
It is in the moderate price range. If you give me your date of arrival, number of guests, and length of stay, I can try to make a reservation for you.
I need one that is in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry there are no hotels in the expensive range with a 0-star rating, the lowest rating for that price range is a 2-star hotel. Are you interested?
How about a 4 star expensive place to stay that includes free wifi? Can I have the postcode, hotel type, and address of one that meets that description?
There are 2 that fit that criteria. One is in the West and the other is in the Centre. Which is better for you?
I don't care about the area. Can you pick one and give me the postcode, hotel type, and address please?
Try University Arms Hotel in Centre. It is close to alot since it is right there on Regent Street. Postcode is cb21ad. Anything more you need today?
No thank you, that's everything I need!
Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!


I need to know more about a hotel called [home from home].
Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse with internet and parking in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
I'd prefer an address at this point. Thanks!
Okay. Their address is 78-80 Milton Road.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.
I recommend [Royal Standard], a gastropub in the east. It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I will have a party of 8 ready to dine on Sunday at [18:15].
All righty, your reservation is set for Sunday, 18:15, for 8 people. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is NUVBZXWY .
Perfect! That is all I needed.
Great, will you need a taxi perhaps? I can also give you information on attractions in the area.
Oh yes of course. I need one to arrive at the restaurant by [18:15]. Please provide the car type and contact number.
Done. Look for a white volkswagon and the contact number is 07673977358. Will there be anything else today?
No, that was all I need, thanks. Goodbye.
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.


[African] food in the cetre of town /
It seems there is one restaurant in the centre of town, Bedouin. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is it in the cheap price range?
No, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves [spanish] food?
La raza serves cheap spanish food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? I want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.
The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, phone number is 01223464550, postcode is cb23ll
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after [15:00] and should leave on sunday
What is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge.
Excellent. And where are you coming from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street.
Ok, I have Train TR6946 leaving at 15:39 and arriving by 17:07, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, just one ticket and I'll need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GSIGVNEW .
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!


Hi there, I am am trying to find out more information about the Parkside Police Station.
Hello, the phone number is 01223358966. Address Parkside, Cambridge, postcode, CB11JG. Would you like help with anything else?
No, that's everything I need, thank you!
Glad I could be of assistance! If you need anything else, let me know.
Is there a good place to eat near the police station?
Could you specify north, south, east, west, or centre of town?
Never mind. I think I'm all set. Thank you.
All right. If there's anything else you need help with, please contact us again. Have a great day.


How are you doing? Are there any [European] restaurants in the city center?
Yes, there are 8. What is your price range?
Can I get the name and address of one of the most inexpensive ones?
The phone number to the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is 01223307030 and the address is Quayside Off Bridge Street.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?
What type of place are you looking for?
I would like to see colleges. Can you please recommend one with no entrance fee, and let me know the area. Thank you.
Churchhill College is free and in the west part of town
Thank you. That was all I needed.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.


I am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to. Can you suggest any?
There are several nice guesthouses I can recommend. Are you looking for a specific location?
I don't have a place in mind but I would like for the guesthouse to be on pricier side.
I'm sorry to say we don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something cheaper?
Could you see if there's a hotel that meets my preferences?
Yes there are five such hotels. Which area of town could you like to stay?
No, but I was looking for something with 2 stars.
The express by holiday inn cambridge is east area. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Please just give me their postcode.
The postcode is cb13lh.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.


Can you help me find some [Thai] food to eat tonight?
What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!
Understood. You have a choice between Sala Thong and Bangkok City.
[Sala Thong] sounds good. Please make a booking for 2 at [11:45] on Monday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RARTE3OH . is there anything else i can help you with?
yeah i need a train too
Where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to arrive by [11:00] and it should be going to london liverpool street.
There are 21 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, day, or departure time?
Let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and [10:30]. It needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday.
Train TR4259 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 9:27. It's the closest arrival time to 11:00. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.
Your reservation for 2 on the TR4259 train was successful, the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : FNRSFZWB
Thank you so much. The restaurant and train are all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Ok! Have a great day!


I'm interested in finding a train that leaves after [09:15] on Monday
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.
May I recommend the 9:32 train from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday?
Sure. Thank you. I would like to book that train for 7 people. Please give me the reference number.
Your reference number is LMJ7AQ90 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a place to go in the centre
I can help you with a variety of attractions in the Centre, was there anything in particular you wanted to see or do?
No, can you recommend something?
The [Cambridge contemporary art] museum is very nice and free!
What is their address?
6 Trinity Street. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.
You're welome, have a great time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Are there any theatres in Cambridge, particularly close to the city centre?
There are four theatres in that area. [Cambridge arts theatre] is a nice one in that area.
Wonderful. Can you get me the address and postcode?
Sure, the address is 6 saint edward's passage and the post code is cb23pj.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in the north. I want something with a 3 star rating. Are there any available?
Yes I have two both in the moderate price range. Any preference for amenities?
I don't mind something a bit pricey, and I definitely need wifi.
[Hamilton Lodge] has free wifi and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds perfect. Yes, I would like to book a room please.
When will you be arriving and how many nights will you be staying? How many in your party?
It will just be me. I will be arriving Tuesday and staying for 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is 9MSRK9GO . Do you need help with anything else?
I will need a taxi to go from the theatre to the hotel. Can you help me with that?
I sure can. What time would you like the taxi be there?
I would like the taxi to be there by [04:30]. Also could i have the contact number of the taxi?
Booking completed! Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number : 07836799900
Thank you! That is all that I need.
Great enjoy your visit!


I want to find a place to stay with free wifi. It doesn't have to have free parking though.
The acorn guest house will meet your needs. Would you like to book a room there?
Is that a 4-star hotel? I do prefer a 4-star place.
Yes, the [acorn guest house] is a 4-star place
Ok, that sounds good, lets book a room please.
Sure thing! I just need to know what day you'll be arriving, how many nights you'll be staying, and how many people are in your party to be able to book.
First, I need the price, phone number, and postcode there.
The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da, phone 01223353888. The price is in the moderate range. Shall I book a room for you?
Thank you! I am also searching for The [Good Luck] Chinese Food Takeaway.
Certainly, the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south part of town. Can I book at table for you, if so how many will be dining.
I want to book a table for 2 people at [12:30] on sunday.
The restaurant has been booked for two people Sunday at 12:30. Your reference code is COB6X9IP .
Great, thanks! That is all I needed for today.
It has been my pleasure. We hope you enjoy your time here in Cambridge and feel free to contact us if you need any further assistance.


Yes, I need help finding a restaurant. Preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.
Great! I've found 5 different restaurants in the south that will suit your needs. Do you like Italian food?
No, I was actually looking for an [Indian] restaurant. Is there one?
The [taj tandoori] serves indian food. Is there anything else?
Can you please book me a table for one at [16:30] on Sunday?
Okay you are all booked for a party of one at 16:30 on Sunday at taj tandoori. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I need a train to broxbourne.
In case you need it, your reservation reference# is A3D8IGZ1 . Now for a train. What day and time would you like to travel on, and will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, I will leave Cambridge on Monday sometime after [18:15].
TR2292 departs at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01. Would that work?
Yes please book me a seat and I will need a reference number please.
I have booked you a seat for one on the TR2292 depearting Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 19:01. Your reference is D9IK9LXA . Is there anything more today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help. Have a great day!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.


I am staying in west cambridge. Are there any parks out there to take my kids to?
There are no parks on the west side of town. Do you want me to search for a park in a different part of town?
No, can you look for a museum instead?
There are 7 different parks on the west side. I would recommend a free park called Kettle's Yard. Would you like more information on it or any other park?
Are there any museums on the west side of town? I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
There are 7 different museums in the west area. All are free addmission except one. Would you like me to make a suggestion?
Yes, please pick one for me, and let me know the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.
I would recommend [People's Portraits Exhibition] at Girton College. They offer free entrance. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Their phone number is 01223338901.
Can you book it for me?
I'm sorry, we don't do bookings for attractions.
How about a train? I need to go from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive there by [08:45]. I need departure time, train ID, and price. Thanks!
how about TR4194? it arrives at 05:52
Sounds great. I don't need to book it, but I would like the price.
The ticket price is 8.08 pounds. The departure time is 05:24. May I help you with something else?
No that is all the information I need today.
Your welcome. Have a great day.
That is all. Have a great day.
thank you and have a great day
say hi to your family.
I will thank you. Goodbye.


Need a place to eat that has [caribbean] food, somewhere in south of town.
Okay, I don't have anything on the Southside. We can try another cuisine or a different location.
ok what about on any other side of Town?
There are no places to eat with that food, another type perhaps?
How about one that serves [indian] food instead?
Might I suggest curry garden? They are in the centre and are in the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the address and postcode for [Curry Garden]?
Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, I do need help finding a place to stay that has free parking though.
There are 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I prefer the room to be in a hotel.
There are eight. You might like The [Lensfield Hotel], it's in the south of town. Would you like to book a room there?
yes please. Can you make the booking for two nights?
How many people will be staying?
I think I'll hold off on that reservation. Does that hotel have free Internet? I do want to book a taxi if you can do that.
The hotel does come with free wifi. For the taxi, what is your departure site and destination< I will also need time frames you want.
From the [Curry Garden] to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by [23:45].
Thank you, I was able to book a taxi for 23:45. It will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07162285520.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Enjoy!


I need to get to cambridge on friday.
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge, what is your starting destination?
I need a train that departs from stevenage on Friday. It should arrive in Cambridge by [11:00]
Certainly, the train that arrives right before 11 is TR2860 arrives by 10:43. Shall I book it, if so how many riders will there be?
What is the departure and travel time please?
It departs at 9:54 and arrives at 10:43. That gives you about 15 minutes to spare. Is that alright?
Yes. I also need a place to stay please.
i have 33 hotels, what area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like something moderate priced that includes wifi.
That leave us with 17 choices. Do you care whether it's a normal hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like it to be a guesthouse please.
The [acorn guest house] fits your criteria as well as includes free parking - would you like me to book for you?
Yes I will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for Friday please. I also need the reference number.
Booking was successful for your stay at acorn guest house starting Friday. Your reference number is : 8IGOI38R . Is any further assistance needed?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Fantastic! Have a lovely visit! Goodbye!


Hi. I'm looking for a train from ely to cambridge, if there is one.
Okay, what day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.
How about TR9382?
Well I need to leave after [14:45], so if it is after that time that'll work.
TR9823 will leave at 15:35, how does that sound?
I think that'll work. I need to reserve two seats, can you help me with that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 6NJA0V8R .
Thank you. That's all I need for now!
You're very welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is cheap
There are ten opitions, that meet your needs, do you have any other preferences?
I want it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking, please.
The [belfry] would suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
I need to get a reference number first. This booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
Your reference number is 23U2JK9A .
Excellent. I'm also looking for a restaurant.
What kind of food would you like?
I want a restaurant that serve [belgian] food
I do not see any restaurants with belgian cuisine. Would you like to try something else?
How about some cheap [italian] located in the north?
The [Da Vinci Pizzeria] matches those qualifications. Would you like a reservation or more information?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at [14:15].
Your reservation at [Da Vinci Pizzeria] has been made for a table for 7 at [14:15]. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference number is P6I1DFWJ .
Could you also help me with a taxi between the hotel and restaurant?
I have booked you a taxithat will pick you all up [13:45]. the car type is grey skoda and the contact number is 07001660178
Thank You for all your help.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that will be all, thank you.
It was a pleasure to help you today. Have a nice afternoon. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge. I'm looking for a train.
sure what day are you traveling?
I plan to travel on friday.
Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne and I would like the train to arrive by [10:00]. What is the price for this?
The TR5570 train will work. Would you like me to book you passage?
No thanks. I just need the price per ticket.
It will cost you 17.90
Okay thank you, I'm also looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the east that is expensive.
I would suggest this one the [golden curry].
Please book that one for 8 people on Friday at [17:00].
your all set! Reference # is TKNF8H2H . Anything else today?
no, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.
Have a great day.


I'd like some information on a train going to bishops stortford departing from Cambridge.
What day and time are you leaving Cambridge?
I'm leaving after [18:45] on thursday.
TR1339 is leaving at 23:29 and it is priced at 10.10pounds. can i book?
What is the arrival time?
TR1339 arrives at 24:07 and takes 38 minutes to arrive there.
Thank you. I will also need to find a restaurant that serves [Mediterranean] food and should be in the expensive price range.
[La Mimosa] is a great expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
No I would just like their telephone number please.
Of course. Their telephone number is 01223362525. Would you like any more information?
Can I get their address please?
Sure, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope. i think that is all. enjoy your day and stay out of the rain. bye
You have a great day, too. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.


I need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre, can you help me please?
I'd love to help. We have 33 expensive restaurants. Do you have a cuisine you'd prefer?
Yes, I'm looking for [gastropub] food.
I have found the backstreet bistro and [the slug and lettuce], which one would you like more information on?
Do anything of them serve gastropub food?
Yes both are in the expensive price range
Any one will be fine. I need the reference number please after its booked.
Can I have the munber in your party and the day and time you would like to book?
I want to book a table for 4 people at [16:15] on a Tuesday please.
Okay I was able to book you then at The Slug and Lettuce and your reference number is FSOF58OO .
that is great! thank you for all your help.
Great! Here is the address, 34 - 35 Green Street.
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
Thank you for calling and have a great day.


I'm looking for a train to Broxbourne.
What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after [21:00] from cambridge. Can you accommodate?
Yes, there are trains departing at 21:01, 22:01 and 23:01 on Tuesday. Which time would like?
2 tickets on the 21:01, please. And can you give me the reference number once that's booked?
I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is LJWDINYN . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks. I would also like to go a museum on the east side.
I found 4 museums, I'd recommend the [Cambridge Artworks] as it is free to enter. Would you like any information on it?
Just the address, please.
They are located at 5 greens road.
Thank you very much. Should be all
Thank you for using our services.


Are there any pricey [russian] restaurants in cambridge?
My system is not pulling up any expensive russian restaurants. Would you like to try another cuisine or price range?
Yes I would like moderately priced [European] please.
How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street?
No you know what. how about [Indian] food instead?
Yes what area would you like it to be in?
actually, i want indian food not european food.
In what area would you like the Indian food to be in?
I would like the Indian restaurant to be in the west.
I have the megha located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like reservations?
Yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at [12:45] on Thursday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3OO6S8AZ . Can I help you with anything else?
I also need train tickets for my group. I need it to leave by [8:30] from norwich to cambridge. same day please.
Alright I found you the TR3948 that leaves at 07:16. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need 3 tickets.
You are booked on TR2398. The total fee is 52.8 GBP. Your reference number is 7JQYREMA . Departs at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35. May I help with anything else?
That's all, thanks a lot man! You were awesome!
You're welcome. May I assist you in any other way today?
No thank you, that was everything!
The [Meghna] is located at 205 Victoria Road in Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about. I have gotten everything I need.
I am glad to have been assistance.


Help, I was robbed. I need to contact someone.
Oh no! Call the police at 01223358966.
Thank you. What's the post code?
The postcode is CB11JG. The location is Parkside, Cambridge. Do you need any other help?
I should be okay with their help. Thank you so much.
You are most welcome. Don't hesitate to callback.
Okay, I will if I need to! I appreciate your help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye


I would like to find a restaurant
I can help you find what you need. What kind of food are you looking for? Price preference? What area? Thanks!
Cheap price [chinese] in centre of town ?
I'm sorry, but I'm encountering an error. Could you please restate your request?
I apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, I was really looking for an attraction to see in the centre of town.
Did you have a particular attraction type in mind?
Not really can you make a suggestion?
How about a concerthall?
that sounds good. how much is the entrance fee?
[The man on the moon] concert hall is in the centre, but I don't have information about price. I can give you their number, 01223474144.
Ok no problem. I am looking to book a room at [Ashley Hotel].
Great! Just let me know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I will be arriving on Saturday with a party of 8 for 2 nights. Thaks
You are booked, the reference number is P06EPM0L, any further needs for today?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. I would like to leave the hotel by [07:15].
I booked your taxi. It will be a blue volvo and the contact number is 7677029602. Is there anything else you need today?
Thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!


Yes, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving [European] Food.
How about eraina?
Does [Eraina] serve european food? If so, what is the phone number and what area is it located in?
Eraina serves Modern European food in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223 368786.
Okay, thank you for the information.
Thank you, enjoy your meal!


Are there any 4-star guesthouses?
It looks like alot of places are listed that have 4 stars. Did you have a preference on the area or price range maybe?
Yes. the hotel should be located in the North and should include free wifi
Home from Home is a nice guesthouse with fee parking included. Can I reserve a room for you?
Does Home from Home have free wifi?
It sure does. Can I book your stay for you?
No, thanks. Have a nice day.
Okay. Thank you, Goodbye.


I'd like to find a train that departs from Ely on Monday, please!
Ok, I just need a little more information. What's your destination and what time would you like to leave?
I need to leave after [13:15] and I am going to Cambridge.
We have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 on Monday. Was there a specific time you wanted to arrive by?
Any of them will do. Can you tell me the price, arrival time and train ID of at least one option?
I have the TR4849 that leaves at 13:35 and arrives by 13:52. It is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Where is Addenbrookes Hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need the phone number?
I need the postcode please.
The postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need specific department information?
No, that is all I need, thank you.
Thank you goodbye


Can you tell me if there is a restaurant named [Kohinoor] in Cambridge?
Yes there is one listing, it serves [indian] food,it is in the centre,and has a cheap price. Would you like me to give you the information?
Just go ahead and book a table for 7 on Saturday at [12:45] please.
I apologize, I am unable to book at that time. Is there another time you'd like me to try for?
[11:45] will be Ok.
I found Indian restaurant called Kohinoor 74 mill rd ,which is in center . Is that good for you?
Yes that is perfect. Can I get the reference number please?
The reference number for your reservation at Kohinoor is HB7JSPFK . Your table will be reserved for no longer than 15 minutes.
I also need to find a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the north, can you help me book one please?
Avalon has good reviews and is in the moderate price range would you like to book that?
Can you let me know whether they have free parking and what the postcode is?
Sure, the Avalon has free internet but no free parking. The postcode for them is: cb43pd. The archway house has both free internet and free parking.
Thank you for your help!
No problem! Enjoy your trip here in Cambridge!


I'm looking for this particular hotel called [carolina bed and breakfast]
It's located in the east on 138 perne road, cb13nx. Would you like to book a room?
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from Saturday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UQ6ZS49A
Thank you. Is there a museum close by that we could visit?
There are four on the East side. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Any of those sound good?
Can you give me the address of [Cambridge Artworks]?
It is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need a taxi to get between the two places please.
Sure, where would you like to depart from? Will you be needing the taxi on Saturday?
I'd like to leave from the hotel by [21:45], please.
I have your taxi booked. It is a black tesla and the contact number is 07357559847.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that seems to cover everything for me. Thank you for all of your help.
You are quite welcome! Have a good one!


I need to find a train to take me to stansted airport. Can you help me?
I have many trains going to Stansted Airport. What is your preferred departure and arrival time?
the train should leave Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by [21.30]
TR8261 leaves cambridge Tuesday at 9:40 and arrives at stansted airport by 10:08. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I'd like to book for 3 and get the reference number if I could.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is TXK6U7DG .


I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.
What area of town are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Is there anything available?
Well, we have three hotels, the Ashley, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge, as well as fifteen guesthouses. Would you like to know about any of them?
No I diffidently want a hotel. [Ashley] sounds good can I book a stay on Thursday?
Sure, how many people and how many days do you want to stay?
I need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3UJ7212U .
I also need a train leaving the same day as hotel
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London kings cross. I need to be in Cambridge by [15:45].
There is a 13:17 that would arrive by 14:08. Would that work?
That's perfect! Please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. Thanks!
Your reservation for 3 tickets on the TR2512 train at 23.60 person was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 1MKW1ZCT .
Thanks for all your help! That will be all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today!


Could I get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town?
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurnt in the north part of town. Or there's The Nirala, which serves Indian food.
Could you get me the address and phone number for The [Golden Wok], please?
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223 350688. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and goodbye!


I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves [french] food
There is Restaurant Two Two in the the north side of town that serves French Food.
What is their address, number, and price range?
Restaurant two two is in the expensive price range. their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like anything else?
No, that takes care of it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Hi there! I need a place to stay in Cambridge, and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star hotels in town?
Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both good options with moderate price range. we also have Express by Holiday inn Cambridge in an expensive price range, which one could you prefer?
I would prefer [Lovell Lodge], thank you.
Lovell Lodge is found in 365 milton road postcode cb41sr can i book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I need accommodations for 6 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.
I'm sorry, that isn't available for your stay? Would you be able to arrive a different day, or perhaps shorten your stay?
Yeah, can you try for 2 nights then?
You're all set! I've got you booked for two nights starting Sunday. Your reference number is 8UWYWJNX . Enjoy!
Thanks, I'm going to need some info on the [Cambridge Punter] as well.
The Cambridge Punter is a boating attraction in the center of town. They are located at 251a Chesterton Road in postcode cb41as.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I would like to see some attractions in the North, what do you have up there?
What kind would you like to see?
Can you recommend an attraction type?
There are three types available: boat, park, swimmingpool.
Let's go with the park. I'll need the postcode and phone number, please?
Okay the [Milton Country Park] post code is cb46az and phone number is 01223420060.
I am also looking for a train form cambridge to peterborough on wednesday that arrives by [19:15].
The TR8760 will arrive in peterborough at 18:56. Does that give you enough time?
Yes that would be great. Can you book that for me for 7 people please.
I can go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Can you tell me the reference number for the train booking please?
Booked! The fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: QG3869DQ .
Great! Thanks very much for your help!
You're very welcome!


Oh, yes, I need the location of the Parkside Police Station. Where would I find that?
It's address is Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG
OK, thanks very much.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, Thank you Goodbye
Great! Have a nice day!


I have to find a place to stay pretty quick. It has to have free wifi so I can work. Can you help me find something?
Yes, what is your price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I don't care where it is. I just want a cheap guesthouse.
The [AllenBell] is in the east. Their number is 01223210353. Can I book that for you?
As long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.
Yes it does have both free internet and parking. Can I help you make a reservation?
Sure. Would you book that starting Friday for 3 nights for 7 people?
Unfortunately, I couldn't secure a room at a cheap guesthouse for those nights. Would you like to try a different price range?
Can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?
I was able to successfully book that room for 2 nights. Your reference number is K7TSORMC . Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge that arrives by [17:30].
Sure, where will you be traveling to and what day?
I will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.
I can get you on the TR2-25, leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 07:06.
That sounds good, please book that for 7 people.
Thank you, I booked you 7 seats on TR2025 departing 05:21 and arriving 07:06. The cost is 211.67 GBP and your reference number is 5GWIPH95 .
Thank you. That will be all.
Terrific, thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne.
When would you like to travel?
Well, I would like to leave on Monday.
What time do you need to depart and arrive?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by [15:45].
The first train departs Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01. Would you like to book this train for 17.90 pounds?
yes, please. book for 1 person
Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is Q8BDX7AS . Is there anything else I can assist with?
I would also like a place to go that is a cinema and should be in the centre of town.
i have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road. their phone number is 08712240240. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all, thanks!
You're welcome! Have a good day!


I am looking for [kirkwood house].
Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse in the north area of town. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the address, please?
The address for Kirkwood house is 172 Chesterton Road, CB41DA. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you.
Okay. Just let us know if you need anything else!


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Sure, I can help you get here. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Ely on Tuesday.
I can help you with that. Do you have a certain departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by [8:30]
Okay the TR6971 leaves at 07:35. Does this work?
What time does it arrive?
It arrives at 07:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Ok, great. Then it will get me there in time. Can you book me 8 tickets please?
I have booked your train for 8 and a cost of 35.2 GBP. Your reference number is 53GSF184 . Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also am looking for some info on a place called [sidney sussex college]
I can help with that. Sidney Sussex College is a college in the centre. Do you need any other information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?
the phone number is 01223338800 and address is Sidney street
thanks. that will be it for now
Glad to have been of help. Please reach out again if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I need a restaurant to dine at in Cambridge on my upcoming trip.
There are lots to choose from. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I don't care. It needs to be on the south side and moderately priced.
There are 2 options, pizza hut cherry hinton which serves italian and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european. Can I book you for those?
Yes please. I also need a hotel with at least 3 stars and free parking.
There is no hotel in south side,do you want me to try different area?
How about a Guesthouse in South side instead?
I'm sorry, there is no guest house that meets those criteria, either. Would you like to try a different rating, or a different area?
Sure, what about in the city centre?
I am not finding a guesthouse that meets your criteria. Might a hotel work?
Is there not one in the same area as the restaurant?
There are 2, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast 4 star or the El Shaddai 0 star. Both are in the cheap range and in the Centre.
Okay. Can you try booking the [El Shaddai] for me fo Saturday for 2 people for 3 nights.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is S8LZAB9P . Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that would be everything, thank you!
Okay! Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you, I will.
Good bye, thank you.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north. May I suggest The [Nirala], which is [Indian]?
What is the phone number and food of one of them?
The Nirala serves Indian food, it is in the moderate price range, and it is on the north part of town. The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!


Can you help me find a train for my upcoming trip to your city?
what days look like the best ones to get a great deal on hotel with train ride.
Well, I want to leave on Saturday. You tell me the best options.
There are 202 options that day! Do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by [19:00].
Can you tell me where you are leaving from and going to?
Of course, silly me. I'd like to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Saturday, and I need to get there by 19:00 please.
Allright. TR0357 departs at 09:39. Would you like me to book you tickets?
Can you give me the ticket price?
A ticket from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge is 13.28GBP.
Ok, I'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable. Can I please get the address to the restaurant [Hotel Du Vin and Bistro]?
Absolutely, the address is 15-19 Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need their phone number.
Sure! Their number is 01223227330.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.
I hope you have a good trip. Have a nice day. Goedbye


Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.
Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after [09:00].
What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter as long as I can leave after 9:00.
I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?
There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.
Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse will be fine.
I have four options. Do you need free parking or internet?
Thank you! I don't need parking or internet.
What area of town?
It doesn't matter. Can you please recommend one and book it on Sunday for 3nights for 5
What day will you be staying?
As I mentioned already, Sunday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : S0EZT0PL .
That was all I need.
Thanks for calling, and if you need anything else just ring us back. Goodbye!


Hello. I'm trying to find some places to go in town. Can you help me with that?
Yes, what kind of a place are you looking for?
museum in the centre of town
I have several, is there a special one in mind?
Could you please name some for me? I'll need the entrance fee too please
Primavera and the Castle Galleries are two of my favorites. They are both free.
They sound OK, I guess. Are there any more entertaining things to do in the centre?
Unfortunately I cannot find anything strictly categorized as entertainment in that area can you provide more specifications?
Just a museum in the centre. I also need a train leaving on monday from leicester to cambridge leaving after [15:30].
Do you have a particular time you'd like to arrive by? There are quite a few options for trains leaving Monday.
I'd just like to leave after 15:30, not really concerned with arrival time.
TR2985 leaves leicester at 16:09 and arrives in cambridge at 17:54. Would you like help booking tickets for this train or another one?
I will the 16:09 one.Thanks
No problem with booking the train, I just need to know how many people (tickets) you're going to need.
I'll just need 1 ticket and I'll want to know the price as well.
I have booked to for 1 ticket, the price is 37.80 payment due at the station the train number is TR2985
Okay, than you so much for your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Feel free to call again if you need anything else. Have a great day and enjoy your visit.


Yes, I am hoping to find some information about Cambridge for an upcoming visit.
I can help you with that! What area of information are you looking to find?
I want to visit [Pembroke College]. Can you tell me the phone number and what type of attraction it is?
Sure, I'd be happy to provide that information to you. The phone number is 01223338100 and it is a college type of attraction. Anything else you need today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the moderate price range.
I have 3 choices for you. The first serves british food, the second serves indian cuisine, and the third is an italian place. Which would you prefer?
[Italian] sounds good. Could I have the postcode and name of that restaurant?
Sure! The post code is cb30af and it's called Prezzo.
Perfect, I also need to book a taxi to leave by [09:45] please.
Okay, no problem, I'd just need to get where you're going, and where you'd like to be picked up.
I want to go from the restaurant [Prezzo] by 9:45 to [Pembroke college].
I have that set for you. You will be picked up by a black BMW and the contact number is 07569312325.
Good, that works for me.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that is it. Thank you, goodbye.
you are welcome. it has been a pleasure talking to you.


Hello, I am looking for some good [Australasian] food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.
I don't have matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
And I would like something Australasian, or if you can't find that, [Chinese], at least.
Great, we have several Chinese restaurants that are expensive. Do you have a preference on what area it is in?
Any area is fine with me, I can drive there.
Is there a certain price point?
I would like a Chinese restaurant the is expensive.
The [Yu Garden] is highly recommended, shall I book a table for you?
Yes a table for four please.
what day and time?
Wednesday at [14:45] if that is not available please try Saturday at the same time. Can you send a reference number please?
Booking was successful for Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VRHKSK2R . Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, I want to arrive by [10:30].
Sure, I can help you with that. Was that for the same day?
Yes please. for 4 people as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5HDVSZ6 . Anything more?
no that is it. thanks for your help
Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [city stop restaurant].
City Stop is located in the north of the city, and serves European food. May I help with anything else?
What is the postcode and their phone number?
City stop's post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270. Would you like a reservation?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks for you help!
You are welcome and enjoy your Stay


I am looking for entertainment places to go in town.
There a 5 entertainment spots in town. Is there a particular area you are looking to visit?
I'd like to visit the south side of town.
There are two places - Nusha and Tenpin.
Let's go with [Nusha]. What is the entrance fee, please?
I am not sure of the entrance fee.
What is the [Tenpin's] entrance fee?
I'm sorry, but neither venue provides their entrance fee to us. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train. It should leave after [19:15], and should go to birmingham new street.
On which day and from where will you be departing?
Friday. I'll take the first train after 19:15, please provide the train ID.
That would be the TR7769 which departs at 20:01 and arrives at 22:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Did you want me to book it for you today or no?
No, no need to book it for me. Thank you, that was all I needed.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
No problem. We have 17 such candidates. Do you want to specify further?
I am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.
There are no hotels in the west, moderately priced with internet. Would you like to braoden your search?
Let's try for one in the north area instead.
The only thing available in the north is a guesthouse with the internet moderately priced with 4 stars.
That's fine. I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.
I appreciate your help. Thank you
What was the name of the hotel please?
There actually is a moderately priced place in the west with free wi-fi. It is a guesthouse called [Hobson's House]. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number too?
The booking was unsuccessful. May I book you for another day or a shorter stay?
how about for 3 days?
Yes, indeed! I can make a booking for three people for three days. The reference number for that booking is 463S05XE .
Thank you very much! Can you also help me find a train? I am looking for one that leaves from Cambridge after [11:00] and goes to Kings Lynn on Friday.
There are 13 possibilities. Every ride is 47 minutes and the cost is the same. Is there a certain time you'd like to arrive?
I'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please.
There is one leaving at 11:11. How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RQ12EQA0 .
Thank you! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.
There are several nice expensive restaurants in the centre area. Is there a particular food type that interests you most?
I don't have a preference. I need a table booked for six people at [13:45] on Thursday, though.
I am sorry none of the listings have tables available for that time, is there another time that will work?
How about [12:45] instead?
Sure. [Kymmoy], a good Asian Oriental restaurant has space. You are reserved and your reference number is L7HRCY1K . Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after [21:45].
I can help you with that. What is your destination?
It is stansted airport.
How about the 22:40 train? It gets in at 23:08. Does that work?
Yes I need the price also.
10.10 pounds, and it's TR3864
Thank you. That is all for now.
Are you certain I can't help with anything else right now?
No, that is all I need, thank you.
Thank you so much for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Wonderful, could I help you with finding a place to stay? Do you need a train or any information on local attractions?
I need a train after [14:15] from birmingham new street and need to go to cambridge and leave on tuesday
TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives at 17:23, will that work for you?
Yes please I need that booked for one person.
Sure, your booking was completed. The total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation number is Q5H6ZU73 . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in going to the theatre. Can you help me find one?
your reservation is booked
I also need information on a theatre.
Sure, is there a particular part of town you would like the theatre to be in? You have options in the centre and south.
The area doesn't matter. Which one do you recommend? Can you provide the postcode, area, and entrance fee?
I would suggest [adc theatre].
That will do. I'll need the postcode, area, and entrance fee, please?
The adc theatre is located in the centre and the post code is cb58as. I do not have the entrance fee available to me.
Thank you for the service, bye!
Have a great day.


I am looking for a college in the west.
There are five colleges in the west. Three are free, the other two have entrance fees of 2.50 pounds. Do the entrance fees affect your plans at all?
No, suggest one and let me know the fee and phone number.
Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?
And what is your destination and day of travel please?
I want to get to Bishop Stafford on Tuesday.
What time of day would you like to leave? I have a number of trains that may work for you.
I would like to leave after [17:45].
I have train TR5928 available that departs at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No. I just need to know the price.
The price is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
how long will it take?
The travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.
you are welcome. it was good working with you.


I'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on tuesday.
I am happy to help with that. Can you tell me where you would be leaving from?
From London Kings Cross and I need it to leave after [18:15].
I have 3 trains available. They leave at 19:17, 21:17 and 23:17. Would you prefer one of those?
I'd like to book the 19:17 train for 8 please and need the reference number.
I was successfully able to book the 19:17 train for 8 people. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L0TQ4FD6 .
I will also need a place to dine. I'm thinking something cheap, after that. Maybe [Portuguese] food?
There are two cheap Portuguese restaurants located in the city, the Nandos and Nandos City Centre. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
I would like to dine in the centre area, so let's go with [Nandos City Centre].
Sure. How many seats will you need to reserve for the restaurant?
I will need it for the same amount of people.
What time would you like to make your reservation?
I would like to dine at [21:00].
Will you be dining on Tuesday as well?
Yes. Please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 21:00. Also can you give me the reference number?
OK, I've got you booked with reference number W5J24TC2, they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that looks great. Have a good day.
Thank you, have a nice day, too.
Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.
Goodbye and enjoy the restaurant and trip!


Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you'd like the phone number for?
No, but do you have the postal code by any chance?
The postal code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. good bye.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of Cambridge that's in a moderate price range.
I'm afraid there are no hotels that meet those requirements? Is there anything that isn't important in your search?
I wouldn't mind a guest house as long as it includes free wifi.
Ok, great. The [Aylesbray Lodge Guest House] is in the South, has a moderate price range, internet, and 4 stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Actually, can you give me the address, phone number, and tell me if they have free parking?
Yes,I can do that. They have free parking. Their address is 5 Mowbray Road, post code CB17SR. And their phone number is 01223240089. Anything else?
I am also looking for a college to visit while I'm in town.
Sure. There are no colleges in the south; is there a specific part of town you'd like to tour to visit one?
I'd like to try the north. What do you suggest in that area? Please give me the address, phone number and entrance fees if any. Thank you!
There are none in the north but there several in the centre and west areas. Would these areas work for you?
No colleges at all? Yes, please tell me the nicest one you know of.
[emmanuel college] is quite nice and entry is free. Would you like more information about it?
Can I have the phone number and address?
Yes, I will work on getting that for you and be right back with you.
Ok, thank you.
Ok, I have found the information on emmanuel college for you. the phone # is 01223334200, postal code is cb23ap and it is on saint andrew's st. in the centre.
Is there an entrance fee?
No, there is not an entrance fee to enter the building. Can I assist with something else?


I'm looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi.
I have five matches for your requirements. Do you have preferences for price range or quality ratings? For example, the [Alexander B&B] is inexpensive, but rated 4 stars.
By chance, is that a guesthouse? And does it offer free wifi and parking?
Yes, the Alexander B&B is a guest house, and offers both free WiFi and free parking.
Wonderful. Can you book a room for 6 people coming in on Friday for 5 nights?
That booking was successful, your reference number is 3KW6V911 . Is there anything else I can help do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Bye.
Thank you booking with us. Have a great stay.


I am looking for a hotel called [Avalon], can you help?
Certainly! The Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the northend. It offers free wifi. Would you like the phone number or address?
I would actually like to book rooms for 8 people. Can I do that?
Absolutely! What day do you want to book it for, and for how many days?
This Tuesday, for 5 days.
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find another place to stay?
I guess, can you find me another hotel similar to the Avalon?
There are lots of other guesthouses that are similar, what price would you like to pay?
I would like to stay in the same price range as the Avalon
Would you like me to book acorn guest house?


I need a place to stay in the east. Oh i need free parking, thank you.
Okay. What price range are you looking for? I have many options.
Well I would like a guesthouse and I don't have to have internet.
I have 5 options for you, I can narrow it down by price, would you prefer a cheap room or a moderately priced room?
It really doesn't matter. Can you recommend one?
I would recommend The [Autumn House]. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east that is 4 rated. They offer free parking and wifi. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please, I need 5 people to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday
You are booked, the reference number is U9EUBHWC, can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place called [Nandos], it is a restaurant.
I'd be happy to help with that! Nandos is a Portuguese Restaurant. They have two locations, one in the south and one in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
I have no preference, I just need it booked for 5 people at [13:00] on Thursday.
I am sorry I am having trouble booking this.
Okay why don't you try for saturday instead then?
Unfortunately, I am unable to book either location. Would you like to try another Portuguese restaurant?
Can you try again? I would really like to try this restaurant. I have heard really good things about the food.
Thanks for your patience, there was a system issue that was just fixed, booking is set, the reference number is QDZ7FBSO, any other questions?
That was everything. Thank You
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Thanks again for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your time with us!


I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving [cuban] food.
I'm sorry we do not have any Cuban restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like a different food type?
Is there any restaurants that serve [british] food?
[Fitzbillies restaurant] serves British food. Would you like more information about this location?
Can I have their phone number?
Fitzbillies restaurant's number is 01223 352500. Would you like the address as well?
No thanks, that is all!
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


where is the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, could you also give me their postcode?
The post code is CB11JG. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all thank you.
I'm happy to help. Feel free to contact us should you need anything else. Have a good day.


I am looking for the [chiquito restaurant bar] can you help me find it?
Sure! Their address is 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road, and their phone number is 01223400170
Please book a table for 6 people at [11:45] on tuesday.
I am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked. Do you want to try another restaurant?
Is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range?
I'm sorry that's the only restaurant in that price range


I want to go to a museum.
In which specific area of town are you interested?
I would like to stay in the centre area.
There are many wonderful museums; is there anything more specific? Art, gallery, archaeology that you want to see?
An art gallery would be wonderful.
How about Broughton House Gallery over in Centre, they are located at 98 King street and has no entrance fee.
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the phone number for that location?
The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a [chinese] place to eat in the same area.
So [ugly duckling] is in the centrem it's pretty expensive and they don't have a phone number, but they're on 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Id like to make a reservation for 4 on sunday.
What time would you like that reservation?
At [18:30] please.
Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0E8ZWWQN . Can I help you with anything else?
Wait...it is expensive? I was looking for a moderately priced place.
Yes, the price range is expensive. Did you want me to cancel it?
Oh God, yes. I want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant.
No worries, I found 3 Chinese restaurants that are priced moderately. I recommend the [Jinling Noodle Bar]. Would you like a reservation?
yes book for 4 people at 18:30 on sunday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LI8D2S6Y . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks. Thank you for working with me on the second booking. Have a great day.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your day. Bye.


I will be traveling to cambridge and need lodging.
Alright. Do you have a price range?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the moderate price range.
Is there a star range you prefer?
no, just need if for three people. Three nights, starting Wednesday.
Okay, your hotel was booked and your reference number is PCRN539L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a train leaving from bishops stortford.
Can you tell me what day you will be traveling?
I need the train on Wednesday as well and I need it to leave after [16:45] please.
There are 4 trains what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't care what time I arrive as long as I'm leaving after 16:45.
okay traid tr2106 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes book it and please provide the reference number.
Okay, no problem. Will you be needing tickets for three people for the train as well?
Yes, please book them for me.
I have you booked for 3 seats on TR2106 leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Wednesday at 19:29. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could you please provide me with the reference number so I have it when I arrive at the station?
Your reference number is: YQDWLHDW . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. That is all I needed. Good bye.
You're welcome, have a nice day.


I need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports
I don't see anything located in the centre of town that has to do with sports. Is there another area I can look up for you?
how about a concerthall ?
There is [the man on the moon] at the concerthall in the centre, would you like the phone number?
yes please find me their address and phone number
The man on the moon concerthall is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf, phone number is 01223474144. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also need a [german] restaurant.
There are no german restaurants in cambridge.
wow! what about [european] food?
There are 11 European restaurants. Do you have a price range and area in mind?
I am looking for [modern european] food in the moderate price range. Any area is okay.
Since you are going to be in the centre of town already, how about [de luca cucina and bar]? It is moderately priced.
book that for 4 people at [15:15] on saturday
You booking has been confirmed, your reference number is DZZPYFOD . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. Can you pleas help with that?
Booking completed! Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07017968837
Thank you! That will be all today!
Thanks for using our service!


I'm looking for a train that arrives by [10:15] and departs from Ely
No problem! What day would you like to leave?
Tuesday, going to Cambridge please.
Any departure time in mind?
The train should leave on tuesday and should go to cambridge and arrive by 10:15
The TR8685 arrives by 5:52 and costs 4.40 pounds. Can I book some seats for you?
Please for 8 people.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 35.2 GBP pounds payable at the station and your reservation number is 1OBF5WF2
Great thank you I also am looking for some place to go in the centre of town.
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King St and has free admission.
Thank you, that sounds fine. I see you have included the address and the entrance fee. That's all I need. Thanks very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.
What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.
Worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the North. Will that do?
Yes. Is there on in the moderate price range as well? To compare.
Sure thing! There are seven 4 star moderately priced guesthouses in the north. maybe you would like to book on of these
Can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? There will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on Thursday and spend 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RI83HXK1 . do you need information about the hotel?
No, but I need to find a train. I'm looking to travel on Friday to London Liverpool Street. Can you help?
No thanks a lot it is enough


I'm looking for a [japanese] restaurant in town.
[Wagamama] is a japanese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their location?
Yes, what is their address and phone number?
its address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and phone number is 01223 462354
thank you good bye
You're welcome. Have a good day!


Where is Addensbrookes Hospital?
That hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Could you please get me the address, postcode and phone number for the hospital?
Yes, they are located at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Great, thank you. I don't have anything further for you today.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a [Chinese] restaurant. It should be in the expensive price range, please.
There are expensive Chinese restaurants in every part of town, do you have a preference of area?
Yes in the south.
Ok, there are two. I recommend the [peking restaurant]. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please, could you book a table for 5 at [19:30] on Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WO2Z8QS7 .
Thank you. I believe that's all I need for today. Thanks. Take care. Bye.
OK, before I let you go, I just want to make sure that you do not need info on a place to stay, train or attraction?


I am interested in finding a great nightclub to take a friend to.
Cambridge has lots of great options. [Club Salsa] is quite popular and is in the centre.
That sounds great. How much is the entrance fee?
The Club Salsa entry fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Perhaps their phone number?
The phone number is 07782218745.
Perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves [Indian] food? We are looking to accommodate 5 people at [17:30] on Monday.
I have found 4 restaurants. Do you have a preference of area? If not that [Kohinoor] in the centre is very popular.
Just book it on Monday please, for 5 at 17:30.
I've booked a table for 5 on Monday at [17:30]. The reference number is MUBJSMLX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
We need a taxi from [Club Salsa] that will get us to [Kohinoor] in time to eat. Can you make that happen?
I have arranged for a black Honda to have you arrive at Kohinoor by 17:30. The contact number for the Taxi is 07997403672. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that was all that I needed today, thank you.
You're welcome! Have a good day.


Can I get a train from stansted airport leaving after [14:45] please?
You have a number of options, but first, what day would you like to travel on, and will you be heading to Cambridge?
Yes, on tuesday. Anytime after 14:45 will work for me.
We have 9 options. Would you like the first option after?
Yes, what is the arrival time for that option?
the departure time is 15:24 and the arrival time is 15:52
Thank you I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a cheap 1 star hotel.
There are no one star hotels, but maybe I could raise the star rating and see what I could find. Any specific location you'd like to stay?
As long as it is the cheap range, it should be ok
Ok, have 10 locations, 9 of them are guesthouses & 1 hotel. The price of hotel is cheap, but its a 4 star. What type of room do you want?
Let's try the 4 star hotel, please.
The [Allenbell] guesthouse in the east area of town is quite nice, despite being in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room there?
Maybe, do they offer free parking?
Yes, it offers Free parking and WiFi.
Yes, could you book The Allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting Tuesday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8JGLKXB8 .


Hello. I'm leaving the city on Wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after [13:00]. Can you help me book a ticket?
There are over 100 different trains available, what destination do you have in mind?
I would like to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.
there is a train at 13:59 that arrives by 1527
That sounds perfect. Can you book 7 seats for me?
I was able to book the seats, reference number is 6KIWFNOU .
I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of west.
Would you be interested in british, indian, or italian?
It doesn't matter.
There is [Prezzo] which is an italian restaurant. would you like me to make a reservation?
Sure, for the same group of people on the same day at [20:00].
I have you booked for 7 people on Wednesday at 20:00 at Prezzo.
I also need the reference number.
I apologize. Your reference number is I0V2JZIC . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.
Welcome. Have a lovely day.


i need a place to stay
OK, I can definitely help you with that! Can you give me some specifics as to your requirements?
I want to stay in the North area of town.
What other requirements do you have?
A cheap place with 4 stars.
There is one place that meets your criteria. It is the [Worth House] which is a guesthouse in the North. Would you like to reserve a room?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
You booking for Worth House was successful, your confirmation number is LYLN7Z6M .
Thanks! I'd also like to find something fun to do in the same area as the hotel. What's around there?
There are two swimming pools, a park, and a boat attraction on that side of town. Which of these sound good to you?
Tell me about the boat attraction.
well [riverboat georgina] is in the north
Sounds good. Is there an entrance fee?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. But if you need to reach them, please call 01223902091.
what about the park, is it free admission?
There is no admission fee for the park. Can I help you with anything else?
no that will be all I think thanks for your help
Do you need me to look up any more info about anything else for your stay?
The guesthouse is booked and I have two attractions to visit. That's all I need for now. Thanks, again.
Thank you. Hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


I would like an expensive guesthouse, please.
I'm not showing any expensive guesthouses. Would you like me to search for guesthouses that are moderately priced?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in the centre with free parking?
No, I am afraid I am not showing any expensive guesthouse in the centre? Would you like to change your search?
How about cheap with the same criteria?
Yes, there are two. Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
yeah, let's do [el shaddai].
Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
I need a table for 2 people.
i can book el shaddai for you. how many nights will you be staying?
Ok I will book it for you
What day would you like this reservation made for?
Please book the el shaddai for sunday, 2 nights, 2 people.
I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is FMTZQOT2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to go between the two places.
How many people in the taxi?
There will be 2 people.
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to be picked up at my hotel and I need to be taken to the restaurant by [16:30].
Ok great. A restaurant has not been discussed yet. Would you like to book a table?
At the [el shaddai].
I am not seeing that restaurant listed, is there a different one you might like to book?
I need a table for the same group of people and the same day.
There are 110 restaurants in the city. Are you looking for a particular area or cuisine type?
Yes, I am looking for [Indian] in the centre.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?


I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne please.
the train id is TR6549 and it leaves on friday
Is this all you needed?
It will be leaving at 5:01 and arriving at 6:01.


I am looking for a Saturday train departing from Cambridge.
I have several trains that will suit you. What is your destination and what time could you like to leave?
Norwich is my destination and I want to leave after [13:00].
TR8933 will be departing cambridge at 13:36 and arriving in norwich at 14:55. Would you like to book this?
Please book for 8 people.
Alright the book was successful, the total fee is going to be 112.64 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is 28O28GIJ .
Thanks! I'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced [polynesian] restaurants around.
I was unable to find any moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.
How then about [Spanish] or a pub that serves tapas?
[La Tasca] is a centrally located, moderately priced, Spanish restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please make that reservation for me
I will need some more information before making a reservation. What day would you like it on and for how many people?
I need it for 8 people at [10:30] on saturday
Booking was successful for a table at la tasca. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : 3TR0F2B1 . Can I help with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else
Have a great day!


Can I get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?
I have many can I ask what area you would like it in?
The hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the west area.
The [Hobsons House] is a guesthouse that is available. Would you like any additional information?
Can you book it for me?
Absolutely, how many days will you need and the number of people in the room?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : I57N7Y29 . May I assistance you with any additional assistance?
What are some attractions on the east side? Is there a swimming pool available?
Yes we have the [abbey pool and astroturf pitch], is there anything else you need?
I need the postcodes and entrance fees please.
The postcode is cb58nt. You will have to call to find out the entrance fee. The phone number is 01223902088.
oh you don't have that information?
Sometimes we are provided information on the entrance fee, but unfortunately for this attraction we do not have it.
No problem, I can afford it, why am I so worried? lol. That is everything I need, you were very helpful.
It was a pleasure helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a place in town?
What type of place would you like to find?
I am looking for a theatre and need the address and area.
The ADC Theatre is a great option. It's located in the centre and the address is Park Street. Would you like any other information?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge that will be leaving on Saturday.
We have several, you got a departure site, or time you want to leave or arrive by?
I'm leaving from bishops stortford after [11:45]
TR0275 departs at 13:29. Would you like a ticket?
No, I just needed the number and time. Thank you!
Would that be all for today or would you need assistance with something else?
No that is all. Thank you.
Have a great trip!
Thank you, goodbye.
Contact us if you need help with anything else.


I am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.
I see several options, all leaving on Friday. Is there a time you prefer to leave at?
I need to leave after [17:45] on tuesday
There are 3 trains that match your request. They leave at [19:00], 21:00, and 23:00 respectively. Would you like to buy a ticket for one of these?
I'll take the earliest train. I need two tickets and the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0KAR945K . Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have several restaurants located in the centre, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm open to restaurant suggestions. What sounds interesting?
I have 5 restaurant, choices of food are african, asian oriental and british. Which of the restaurant you?
[African] sounds good. Can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?
I sure can but in order for me to make a reservation for you at [bedouin] for some yummy african food, I need a precise time and day
Actually...can you just shoot me the address?
Sure, the address is 100 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you that will be all. Goodbye
You're welcome, have a nice day!


Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 4 stars?
Of course I would be pleased to help you with that. I have several options available, are you looking for a specific price range or location?
Somewhere in Cambridge, but I don't have a particular price range at this time.
How about the [aylesbray lodge guest house]? It's in the south and has free wifi AND free parking. Great deal!
That would be fine. I'll need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights and 3 people.
I've booked the lodge for you on Saturday for five nights and three people. Your reference is N7XG665B . Anything else?
I could use some train information on a trip to Birmingham New Street.
Sure, what is your departure information?
I'm departing from Cambridge. I do need to arrive by [17:45] though.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the departure time.
What day were you looking to travel?
Oh, silly me. Thursday, please.
TR8126 would leave at 15:01 and arrive at 17:44.
Thank you so much. That's all I need.
Thank you for using our service!


Hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.
There are eleven to choose from. Would you like an art museum or another kind of museum?
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.
[Primavera] is located at 10 Kings Parade. The phone number is 01223357708. The admission is free. Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.
I have places that meet those requirements all over town, except in the east. If price is not an issue, I recommend the Gonville Hotel in the center.
The [Gonville Hotel] sounds good. As long as it is close to the attraction.
What type of attraction?
I am interested in a museum.
well then the castle galleries is the place to go.
Oh, no, I am happy with Primavera, thanks. I just need that reservation at Gonville. 5 nights on Friday for 1 person please.
I have reserved 5 days at Gonville hotel beginning Friday. Your reference number is KS5S2XSF .
Just need a taxi from [gonville] to the [primavera], I want to leave by [15:45]
Booking completed! Booked car type: yellow volkswagen. Contact number: 07294843257. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'm all taken care of. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome! goodbye


Hi, can you help me with a train for my upcoming trip?
Absolutely! Where are you leaving from? And where are you headed?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on monday and arrive as close to [20:30] as possible.
The closes arrival time to 20:30 would be Train TR4655 that arrives in Broxbourne at 20:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and departure time.
The train leaves Cambridge at 19:01 and arrives to Broxbourne at 20:01 on Monday.
Thanks. Are there any colleges in the centre I can visit?
There are a few. [Downing College] is beautiful and there is no entrance fee charged.
My i have the address please ?
Sure, Downing College is located on regent street. Do you need any additional information?
About the train, I know the arrival and departure, but need travel time (time on train)?
The travel time is 60 minutes. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all the information I need today. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thanks you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a local upscale [chinese] restaurant.
There are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Want to try Yu Garden on 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton or a different one?
Actually, I'm looking for somewhere that's located near the centre. Could you recommend somewhere near there?
The [Ugly Duckling] restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant near the center of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.
For how many people and at what time/day?
It's for 5 people and we want to eat at [13:30] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TZPTJJA5 .
Great. Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a good day!


Hi, I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.
I have 202 trains traveling to cambridge on Sunday. Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to arrive?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street after [14:45].
There is a train at 15:39 and several others every two hours after that. Can I book a seat for you?
please book me on the 15:39 train.
Will you needing more than one ticket? The cost per seat is 13.28 pounds.
No, just one ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is 33Z0FMIQ .
Great. Can you also help me find out about a restaurant called [charlie chan]?
Charlie Chan's address is Regent Street City Centre and the number is 01223361763.
Could you please make a reservation on Sunday for 7 people at [21:00]? I would like a reference number.
Unfortunately, the restaurant is already booked at that time. Is there another day or time you would like to go?
How about [20:00]?
Your booking is complete. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is NCQJQGNE . Is there anything else I can help with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help
Okay thank you for calling.


I am looking for a [modern European] restaurant in the moderate range.
I have three restaurants that meet your criteria - Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina and Bar, and Riverside Brasserie. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Sure, you can choose. As long it's in the moderate price range and serves modern European food, can you tell me what area it is in please?
Certainly, how about riverside brasserie is in the moderate price range, serves modern European and it is in the Centre area. How many people shall I book it for?
Let me think on that, could you help me book a train?
could you be a little more specific please; what day do you want to leave, and when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave after [13:45] on thursday from cambridge to stansted airport.
I found 10 trains, do you have any time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 13:45. Give me which ever one is earliest.
The earliest one I have leaving is 14:40 and arriving at 15:08. Would you like me to book this for just one person?
Not at this time, no. I just needed the information, thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you!
Excellent. Have a good day!


Hello. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings in the city centre?
All saints church and great saint Mary's church are both great options.
Can I get the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee for [all saints church]?
It's on Jesus Lane, cb58bs. Their phone number is 01223452587. The church is free to enter. Can I help with anything else?
I would need a hotel also.
I can certainly help with that! What area of town interests you, and do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a particular area or price range, but I would like it to be a guesthouse with 4 stars.
The [acorn] is in the north, it is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does that guesthouse have free parking and internet?
It does, would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book for 4 people, for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday. I'd like to get the reference number, please?
booking was a success! confirmation is IFNJYW3X .
Thank you, that is all for now. You have been wonderful.
Have a nice stay. Goodbye.


Hi there. Can you assist me in finding a park in Cambridge?
Yes. I have five parks. Is there a particular area you are looking in?
Are there any in the east part of town?
Cherry hinton water play is in the east area. Would you like the address?
I don't need the address, but could I get a phone number?
Yes their telephone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at [13:45] on Sunday? I will need a reference number as well.
I'm sorry, there must be some confusion. I am unable to make a reservation at a park. Were you looking for something else?
Sorry, I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton for 13:45 on Sunday. I need a reference number, too.
I have confirmed your reservation for Sunday at 13:45. Your reference number is ECMLT2OE . Do you need help with anything else?
That should be everything, thank you for your help today!
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.


Can you give me the address for an [indian] restaurant in the south part of town?
[taj tandoori] is the only one matching your request. you can contact them at 01223 412299.
What is the address and price range?
The address of the venue is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and in expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank You and come again.


an expensive restaurant please
Do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind?
I was thinking [catalan] food
There are no expensive catalan restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any mid-range Catalan restaurants?
Yes. what type of food do you want ?
How about [Italian]?
[Prezzo] is an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range.
Great, what is thier address, phone number and area?
Prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in the west. Is there anything else can I help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for calling, enjoy your meal! Goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel with free parking.
I found 8 hotels, do you care about price or location?
I do prefer that it be expensive and include wifi. Location does not matter.
The [University Arms Hotel] has 4 stars and is in the town centre. Does that interest you?
Yes, I would like to book that for five nights starting Wednesday and for eight people.
I have booked you stay at university arms hotel wednesday for 8 people for 5 nights. Your reference number is 1YHGVYSZ . May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to located in the centre.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, they all have an entrance fee of 5 pounds but one, which has a fee of 4 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number for the nightclub with an entrance fee of 4 pounds?
1-6 corn exchange street and the phone is 01223477900. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, you have been great!
Thank you, please let me know if you need anything further. Bye.


I need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3.
Would you like it to be in a certain area?
I do not have a preference for an area but I would like it to be in the moderate price range and free wifi.
I have 3. All guesthouses. One is located in the south, the other the north and the last in the west.
I need a hotel not a gueshouse sorry. On tuesday for 2 people for 5 nights please. I am sorry.
In what area please?
Any area would be fine.
What about the [gonville hotel] in the centre?
Yes please book that and provide me with the reference number.
I'm sorry that wasn't available. Shall I try the other one? It is called [The Lensfield Hotel] and you should enjoy your stay there as well.
Yes please as long as it's in the same price range.
Good news! The Lensfield is available. Your reservation is for 5 nights, starting from Tuesday for 2 people. The reference number is R36NGMC9 .
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve [italian] food and should be in the moderate price range
There are five Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. Four have pizza in their names and then there is Prezzo.
Could I book through you a table at the [Prezzo] for 8 on [17:15] this Friday, as well as get the reference number for the Prezzo?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is S6VDPMW3 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else. Thanks for your great help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


i need a place to stay
Ok, and what part of the city would you like to stay in?
Downtown. In a guest house maybe.
I'm sorry, can you be more specific? Our city is divided into North, West, East, South and Centre.
I don't have a certain area in mind. But, I would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a guesthouse and not a hotel.
great, i have 18 options for you!
Okay, thank you! Will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting Tuesday?
Do you have a price range? The prices range from cheap to expensive.
Yes expensive and also looking for places to go nearby
The only 4 star guest house I found in the centre of town is a cheap one- the [alexander bed and breakfast]. Shall I book that for you?
Yes. Book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on Tuesday.
Ok, the booking was successful. Reference number is : NMT6HX2V . Can I help with anything else?
i need to book a car
Alright, shall I call a taxi or a bus for you?
a taxi that should leave by [05:30]
what will be your destination?
Wait, I need to find a museum in the centre first, then i can get a taxi. I'm very sorry, I got a little ahead of myself.
There are 11 museums in the center. I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science for hours of fun. Do you need more information?
Yes, can I please have the phone number for the [Whipple Museum of History]?
The phone number to the whipple museum of the history of science is 01223330906. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
Okay, let's book the taxi now. I need to get between the two places.
OKay. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
I want to leave the [whipple museum of the history of science] at 05:30 to go to the [alexander bed and breakfast], please.
Just to clarify. You need to be picked up at the Whipple Museum of History at 05:30. Your drop off point is the alexander bed and breakfast. Correct?
Yes that's correct. Can I also have the phone number and type of car that will be picking me up.
Yes, you will be picked up in a black honda and their contact number is 07420056662. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Thanks for everything! Bye!
You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip and have a great day. Goodbye


I want to visit somewhere with interesting architecture.
[All saints church] is available, would you like to try that?
nice, would like to
It is free to visit it's located at jesus lane postcode cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel in the West area, please?
[Finches Bed and Breakfast] is a popular choice, because it's inexpensive but rated 4 stars. Is a guesthouse okay, or do you need something else?
That will work can you book that for me please?
Could you please provide me with how many nights you are staying, how many people, and what day your stay starts?
I'm not ready to book quite yet. Can I just get the information for the time being?
Of course. Their address is 144 Thornton Road, post code cb30nd. Their number is 01223276653. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You know, actually come to think of it I really need something 3 star that is in the centre of town instead of the west. Do you have anything?
There is the Gonville Hotel. It's located in postcode CB1 1LY and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thank you that will be all
fantastic, have a great day!


I've been a victim of a robbery. Can you help me?
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
Which department is this?
The police department
Thank you very much.
You're more than welcome!


I need a train that leaves on Sunday for Broxbourne.
I have 19 trains going to broxbourne on Sunday. To help narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and what time?
I want it to leave from cambridge after [09:15].
Let me look up those times for you. One minute.
Not looking to book, can I just get the train ID, price, and travel time? Thanks!
I'm sorry, I'm not finding that fits those criteria. Is there a different time you could leave?
There are no trains going to broxbourne from cambridge on Sunday after 09:15?
No, I'm sorry, it doesn't appear that those trains run on Sundays. Is there a different day you could travel? Also, will you leave from Broxbourne or Cambridge?
I need to go TO Broxbourne FROM Cambridge on Sunday, leaving any time [after 9:15.] Please check again with those details, please.
I'm terribly sorry -- you are correct. There are trains every hour, at one minute past. There is a 10:01 train on Sunday, for example. Travel time is 60 minutes.
Great. What's the train ID and price?
The TrainID is TR9580 which leaves at 10:01. The price From Cambridge to Broxbourne is 14.32 pounds. Do you need additional information?
Yes, what is the duration of the train ride?
The duration is six minutes. Can I get you a ticket?
No, that's all right.
Let us know if you need anything else.


There are trains that run out of Broxbourne, right?
indeed, do you know what day you're traveling?
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday, and I need to get there around [10:00].
TR3111 will arrive at 09:32. Want to book?
Yes, I need a booking 3 people and the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JY9BZKAV .
I also need a place to stay in the south with a 4 star rating.
I have two options for you. Both offer free parking and wifi and are 4 star rated. There is Aylesbray Lodge and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Which would you prefer?
Are either of those in the moderate price range?
Yes, [aylesbray lodge guest house] is in the moderate price range. Can I book you a room?
Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : L4WMNV6Q .
Great, thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by [08:00].
What is your destination and your departure day and time?
I would like to travel on Monday and arrive in Kings Lynn. It does not matter what time I depart.
Alright, you have three options: leaving at 5:11, 6:11, or 7:11. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes. I would like to book the 5:11. I also need the train ID and travel time.
No problem. It's 47 minutes long and the train ID is TR7964.
I'd also like to find a place to stay. Four stars, please, and on the west side of town.
Let me see. I have three options available, two are cheap and one is expensive. They all include free internet and parking.
Are any of them guesthouses?
[finches bed and breakfast] is a 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking. Would you like to book it?
Sure, I'll need it for 2 people, 2 nights, starting Saturday.
OK, you're booked for 2 nights at Finches, starting on Saturday. Reference #0XOCDLH2 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, I have all I need.
Great, I'm glad you were able to get everything you needed. Call us again!


I need a train from Cambridge to Norwich please.
What day will you be travelling?
I would like to depart on Sunday.
We have 19 trains that go from cambridge to norwich on sunday. Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I need to arrive by [12:30].
We have the TR9533 that arrives at 11:55. How is that?
I need the reference number, please.
How many tickets do you want? Do you want me to book that?
I only want one ticket please.
Your train is successfully booked.Your reference number is 2ORNPXR6 .
Okay great. Thanks for your help.
Alright. Enjoy your journey.


