Do you have information on [Taj Tandoori]?
This is an a restaurant that serves India food located in the southern area. You can call them on 01223412299. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Cool, can you book a table for 5 people at [14:00] on Sunday?
I'm sorry, but there are no spaces for that time slot. Would you like to try another?
How about [13:00]? If this is available please provide the reference number.
Certainly. You're booked at 13:00 with reference number G4NWNDB5 . May I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to London Liverpool Street after [15:15].
What day were you looking to travel?
I'd like to travel on Monday, please, departing from Cambridge by the way.
I have a Tr3602, leaving at 15:59 and arriving at 17:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, could you book it for 5 people and provide the reference number.
Okay, i have booked a train for 5 people leaving at 15:59. Your reference number is RS2532561 .
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.
Great. Have a nice time, and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!


I'm looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
We have no hotels with that criteria, but I can search for a 3-5 star hotel if you'd like.
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the east
Ok we have two guesthouses with that criteria, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and the [Warkworth House].
I need a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday
I was able to book you at Warkworth House, the reference number is VTZK341T . Can I help you with anything else?
No that is perfect. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.


I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars.
Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse.
[Cityroomz] over in Centre would work perfectly for you then! They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel. Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.
I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday. The reference number is MSZ63RPW . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.
Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?


I need a cheap place to stay
There are many cheap places. In which area would you like to search for a place to stay?
It should include free parking.The hotel should include free wifi.
There are 10 cheap hotels what area would you like?
Whichever is the cheapest for 2 people, 5 nights starting Thursday. Please book it, and I will need a reference number. Thanks.
Alright, you are booked at the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast]. Reference number is UK8T46J8 .
Thank you, I just want to confirm that this hotel includes free parking and wifi
Yes it includes both.
Thanks, that will be all. good bye.
Enjoy your stay. Goodbye!


Hello. Can you recommend a good hotel in the centre?
I have three hotels in the Centre. Would you like moderate or expensive prince range?
Price is no object, but i would like free parking and wifi.
Great, since price is no object I recommend [University Arms Hotel]. Its an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and internet. Want me to book it?
Yea, I'd like to book for 3 people. We will need 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.
The booking has been successful. Your reference number is NL0GG0ZZ .
Thank you. Have a good night!
You're welcome! Have a great night.


I'd like for a taxi to pick me up after [13:00] today
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I will leave from the [rice house].
What is your destination? And what time would you like to arrive by?


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [americas] food.
Unfortunately, I cannot find an American restaurant.
Is there a moderate priced restaurant in the east?
Yes, I have 3 moderately priced Indian restaurants.
Yes, that is the type of food I am craving. Which one would you recommend?
[curry prince] is definitely my favorite, they have great vegan options!
Sounds perfect. Are you able to book a table for us? I need a table for 5 at [13:15] this saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 94VI10CX . Will that be all for today?
No, I'll also need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating please.
There are 21 lodgings in town with a 4 star rating. Do you have a preference for area, type, pricerange, internet or parking availability?
I'd like a guesthouse and somewhere that is moderate in price.
There are 11 choices for you. Do you have an area preference?
Do they all have free wifi?
Some do and some don't. Are you looking for free internet?
Yes, I would like to have internet.
Do you need parking?
That's not as important as the internet.
Got it, I found A and B guest house located in the East and not to far from the restaurant. Will this work?
I just need to know if they have wifi. If they do I'll need the area and postcode.
a and b guest house does have internet. They are located in the east with postcode cb12dp.
Thanks for all your help today!
Did you need anything further today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay!


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure I can help you. What kind of information were you looking for?
I am wondering if you have any restaurants in town that serve [eriterean] food.
Yes, there are three restaurants that serves Mediterranean food.
Umm, actually I had asked about [Eriterean] food, not Mediterranean.
we got none that serves that kind of food. will you change the kind of food?
No, I really want [Mediterranean] food.
Okay I have three restaurants serving this. Would you like me to choose one for you?
Yes please do.
I like [the gardenia]. Need me to make a reservation?
Yes for 2 people on monday at [12:15] please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K8YAC7SK . Can I help with anything else?
I also need help finding a train going to Cambridge
Okay! From where?
I need to leave from birmingham new street
Great, what day and time do you prefer?
Monday and I'll need to arrive by [08:30] in Cambridge.
The first train leaves at 5:40.
What time does it arrive?
it will arrive by 08:23. is that fine with you?
Yes that will work. I need 2 tickets for monday please.
what day will you be travavelling
Monday. As I said before, 2 tickets for Monday.
I have booked two seats on TR3888 arriving in Cambridge at 08:23. Reference number is : 5DPBKIY1 . Can I be of further assistance?
No, that will be all for today.
excellent, have a great day!


I'm looking for a train that departs out of town on Monday. I'm in Cambridge now.
There are many trains that match this search. Where would you like your destination to be?
What trains do you see listed leaving Monday?
Well, there are 202 total, where would you want to go?
I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.
We have ten trains leaving from Cambridge to London - Liverpool Street. Did you need to arrive by a particular time?
Yes, I need leave before [1:00 PM].
Alright. TR7276 Leaves Cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool St at 13:27. Does that work?
No, I need to arrive by [12:00].
The TR3085 leaves cambridge on monday at 0959 and arrives at london liverpool street at 11:27. Does that work?
Yes thanks but I need the price for the train.
The cost for the train is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Could you also help me find a moderately priced lodging?
there are 3 available hotels, do you need free parking?
Yes. I also would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
The archway house fits your criteria. Would you like to book there?
Does the [Archway House] have internet?
Yes, I believe it does.
What's the phone number there?
Their phone number is 01223575314.
Great, thanks. Can I please also get the address?
Sure, it is located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary, that's all I needed. Thank You!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye!
Thank you for calling!


I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town. One is italian and one is vietnamese. Which one are you interested in?
Can you give me the telephone number of the [vietnamese] restaurant?
The Vietnamese restaurant's name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the address for [Thanh Binh] as well please?
Thanh Binh is at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.


I would like a restaurant that serves [brazilian] food
there are no restaurants that serve brazilian food.
Please search for [French] food. I will also need the address and phone number.
I found two French restaurants, one in centre and one in north. Do you have a preference on area?
I don't care.
Do you have a preference on the price?
I don't care
Cote is a good french restaurant. It is located at bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves [Singaporean] food. Do you have any suggestions?
I'm sorry, I do not see any Singaporean restaurants in the Centre area. May I help you with something else?
What about a restaurant in the center part of town that serves [British] food?
There are 7 British eateries to choose from. Would you prefer any particular price range? There are restaurants that provide both moderate and expensive price ranges.
No, can you recommend one?
restaurant one seven is fantastic can I recommend that one to you?
Could you provide me please with their phone number, price range and postcode?
01223337766. cb21ab post code. They are in the moderate range in price.
Okay thank you. I am also looking for the hotel called [express by holiday inn cambridge].
How many nights do you need?
Two nights starting on Thursday please.
And will it be just you staying, or a group?
There will be two people total.
Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge has been booked. Your reference number is K5RD51DN .
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Would you like me to help with anything else?
That is all I needed, have a nice day.
Thank you, and have a great day.


I need a train leaving Cambridge after [21:15].
Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.
The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful. Can you tell me if [A and B Guesthouse] is still around?
Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?
Sure thing! It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star. Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode? I need to check on a few things.
The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you. I will call you back if we decide to stay there.
Okay sounds good is there anything else I can do,
No, thank you. YOu've been a great help.
Your welcome and good bye


I'm looking for a cheap [indian] restaurant please.
Sure, there are a number of cheap Indian restaraunts. What area of town are you looking for?
I'd like someplace in the center of town.
There are three places that match that criteria which are the Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like information about one of those restaurants?
[The Gandhi] would be perfect. Could you book it for me for tuesday.
Sure, I'd be happy to reserve that for you. How many people are in your party and for what time?
5 at [11:15] on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : WF5PM422 . thank you for inquiring with us
Great. Can you also help me find somewhere to visit in town around that same area?
I found few places you can visit. Do you care if you pay entrance fee ?
It is not really that necessary .
No the fee is not an issue.
Just choose one and tell me the type, address, and postcode
Old schools is an architecture attraction. The address is trinity lane. The postcode is cb21tt. Anything else today?
That is all I needed today. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


Can you give me information about the [Yu Garden]? It's a restaurant my sister recommended.
Sure! Yu Garden serves Chinese food on the Eastside. It's prices range toward the expensive side. Would you like more information?
I would like to book a table for saturday
What time would you like this reservation?
I would like a reservation for [14:30] for 5 people please. Can I have the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9XFOBDBF .
Can I also get a phone number?
The phone number is 01223248882.
Great. I am also looking for places in the centre of town where i can do boating. Any suggestions?
Yes, there's the [Scudamores punting co] and the [Cambridge punter].
Could I have the post code and address for both places?
Scadamores Punting Co is located at Granta Place, Mil Lane and the postcode is cb21rs. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need.
Awesome. Have a great trip!


Hi! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north, any type!
There is Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria which serves Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants?
[Royal Spice] sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 8 at [15:45] on Saturday?
Unfortunately, I was not able to book for that specific time and day. Can I try a different day or time for you?
How about at [14:45]?
I've booked it for that day on Saturday. Reference number 9PVIPW1Y . Anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, and have a great day!


Hi, can you help me with my planning? I am looking for a restaurant.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I would like an [indian] restaurant in the north.
There are two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you prefer the one in the moderate price range or the one in the cheap price range?
I would like the one in the cheap price range. Can you book it for me?
I have one listing her for [royal spice]. Would you like to make a booking?
I would love that, I need it for 1 person at [17:30] on Wednesday, please include a reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AGK03VYR . Is there anything more I can do for you today?
While I am in the north part of town, I'd like some help finding something to do. Is there a popular attraction around?
There is the Riverboat Georgina which is located in the North. I'm not sure if it's free or if they charge anything.


Where is the nearest hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you need?
No particular department, but may I please have the address?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge with a postcode of CB20QQ. Will there be anything else?
I also need the phone number.
The general phone number is 01223245151. Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you! You too. Your business provides a really great service.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


I need a train leaving Kings Lynn and heading to Cambridge.
Ok, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave on Sunday please.
There are many trains that fit your needs on Sunday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I want to leave after [16:15].
The first train leaving after 16:15 is TR7634 which leaves Kings Lynn at 17:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 17:58. Will this work for you?
What is the total travel time and price?
The price is 7.84 pounds and travel time is only 47 minutes. Need me to book a ticket?
No thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north. It should include free parking and I need it to be in the moderate price range.
I've found seven that would work. All but one, are rated 4 stars. Would you like a recommendation?
Please. I'll go with your recommendation. I'll need a room for 8 people, two nights starting sunday.
I booked the [Acorn Guest House] for you. Reference #: YM7DO6IC . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our system today!


I'd looking for a good restaurant on the east side. I'd prefer the moderate price range, if possible.
Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
I would like [Indian] please.
There is curry prince, and rajmahal, would either of those work for you?
I'd like to book [curry prince] for 6 people at [15:45] on saturday please.
Alright, I have you reservation made. The reference number is SMAMRCQ9 .
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.


I have the name of an attraction that I need directions to.
Okay, what is it called?
[Milton Country Park] is the name.
Milton Country Park is located in the North of the city. I do not have directions, but their phone number is 01223420060
Great, can you help me find a place to eat that serves expensive [Indian] food?
I found several restaurants for you. Do you prefer a certain area?
Yes, Can your search in the east please?
Yes, there are two options in the East. Pipasha Restaurant and Sitar Tandoori. Does either of those sound appealing?
Yes can I get the address, postcode, and phone number for [Sitar Tandoori]?
it is in 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton,cb19hx and phone number is 01223249955
The last thing I need is a taxi to pick me up at the [Milton] County Park and take me to the restaurant.
May I have the time you would like to leave Milton Country Park and arrive at Sitar Tandoori so I can get this booked for you?
I'd like to leave the park at [14:45] please. Can you tell me the car type and contact number too
I've booked you a yellow ford with the following contact number 07007541693.
Thank you. You have been a great help.
You are so very welcome! Goodbye, and have a great trip!


Hi. Could you help me with finding a hotel?
Absolutely, do you have any other requirements?
A 3 star hotel on the east side would be preferable.
I don't have anything matching your request, would you like to change your hotel location or star rating?
How about a 4 star hotel with free parking?
I'm still not finding anything. Would you like a different area?
I need a hotel for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday
I'm sorry there are no matches.
Oh wow. I really need to find something. Would you mind looking again? 4 Star rated in the east with free parking. I would really appreciate it.
Sorry. There are no matches. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm sorry but I have a hard time believing there is no place to stay in the east with either a 3 or 4 star rating.
There are actually no lodgings of any kind in the east part of town listed. Would you like to try another area. The centre is very popular?
Since you say there are no 3 or 4 star hotels in the east, I will settle for the centre of town.
That was a mistake. There are lots of 4 star hotels here. What is your price range?
Let's go expensive. I need to book it for 4 people for 4 nights on Thursday.
I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east in the expensive range. Would you like to try another price range, area, or star rating?
This is really frustrating. Can you find me any 3 or 4 star hotels anywhere ?
[Gonville Hotel] is a great hotel located in the centre. It's 3 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a room?
book for 4 people 4 nights from thursday
Okay that was comleted successfully and your reference number is E5BQH7U1 .
Can you please provide me with information on the attraction [cherry hinton hall and grounds]?
Absolutely! It is an entertainment attraction in the east. Phone is 01223446104. Postcode is cb18dw. And address is cherry hinton road. There is no entrance fee information listed.
Could you double check for a 3 or 4 star hotel on the east side with free parking?
Leverton House is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the cheap price range with both internet and parking included. Is there anything else today?
Great thanks. I need a taxi from [Gonville Hotell] to [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] at [13:15].
Your taxi was booked successfully. You will be picked up in a black Tesla by 13:15 at the Gonville Hotel and dropped off at Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.
Great. Do you have a contact number?
Their contact number is 07167487501. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That's all. Have a blessed day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge
That sounds like fun! What information can I help you find?
I need to first find out what train will take me away after I am done. I need to get to Peterborough on Sunday by [21:45]
Where will you be departing from?
Departing from Cambridge. I need the departure time, train ID and price.
Okay, we've got a few options. The best looks like train TR6958 that leaves Cambridge at 20:34 and arrived in Peterborough at 21:24. The price is 13.2 pounds.
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the east.
I found the express by holiday inn cambridge. It is a 2 star expensive hotel free parking and internet. The address is15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.


I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, any suggestions for me?
There are several attractions in Cambridge. What type of attractions are you interested in?
Actually, let's find some lodging accommodations first. I'd like something moderately priced with a 4-star rating. Oh, and I'll have my laptop with me so I'd like wifi to be included.
There are 11 [guest houses] available. Is there is certain area of the city you prefer?
Any area is fine, can you book one for 7 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?
I'm sorry, apparently none of our guesthouses can accommodate 7 people for 2 nights on Wednesday. Would you like to try a different day or stay period?
Hmm. I suppose we could leave a little sooner. Are there any that can accommodate us for one night?
I was able to book you A and B guesthouse for 1 night, reference number is EQG0KVRJ
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for places to go in town.
We're fortunate, Cambridge has many attractions. What did you have in mind?
I would like to visit a park. Can you tell me about any parks in the city?
Wandlebury Country Park is in the south of town, would you like to know more?
Thank you, that's all I need for now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!


Can you search for a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
We have 23 such places. Any preference on area?
No, that doesn't matter, but I'd like something in the moderate price range.
There are 14 options. How about the Avalon? It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi.
That sounds perfect. Can I book it for 5 nights starting on Monday for 3 people?
The [Avalon] doesn't have room for 5 nights starting Monday. How about a different day or a shorter stay?
Let's try 4 nights.
Avalon is available for four nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is 59GZA6ME . Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help today!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Indonesian] food.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food. Can I help you with something else?
can i have a [thai] food instead?
[bangkok city] is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city.
address and phone number, please
Sure, bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry what type of food do they serve?
They serve thai food.
No, thank you! I've got all the info I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you.


Good evening. I'm kind of in a situation. The hotel I had planned to stay was overbooked and I need to find me a room pretty quickly. Can you help?
There are many hotels available, do you have any preferences to price or area?
Not really. But it should be in the North.
There are two hotels on the north end, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guesthouse thats 4 star rated. Do either of those fit the bill?
No, I'm afraid they're both two stars. Would you like to try one of them anyway?
Do they have free wifi at either of them?
Yes both have free internet. Which one do you prefer?
I would really like a four star guesthouse in the north area, I don't need parking.
Okay, I've found several place that meet those requirements. I suggest the Avalon. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
First could you tell me the price range for the [Avalon]?
The price range at the Avalon is moderate. Do you have any more questions?
Yes, can you confirm if the Avalon has Internet, please?
Yes they does, but no free parking though.
Cool. Thanks I'm good now. Goodbye.
You have a wonderful day!


Hi I am looking for the attraction [Corpus Christi] can you find it for me?
Corpus Christi is located at king's parade in the centre of the town.
Super, I'm right by there... what kind of an attraction is Corpus Christi?
it is a college located on king's parade
Okay. I'm also looking for a restaurant called [Restaurant Alimentum].
Sure, I've located that for you. What information would you like?
I need to reserve a table for 8 at [17:30] wednesday and the reference # too
Your reservation for 8 people at the restaurant alimentum for this wednesday at 17:30 was successful. Your Reference number is : PJH9SVZE .
Thank you. You have provided everything I needed.
Thank you, have a good day.


I am checking on the train schedule from Peterborough to Cambridge.
Sure many trains use that route. It would be helpful if you could narrow down a specific travel time.
I want to leave after [10:00].
What day do you want to depart?
i want to depart on thursday.
TR418 leaves at 10:19. Whould you like me to book it?
I will book it myself.
OK - is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need an attraction.
Ok, I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm just looking for something fun to do in the centre of town. Do you have any recommendations?
I'd recommend [Vue Cinema]. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?
Sure, their number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye
thank you and enjoy your stay.


Can you help me find a train leaving after [12:15] on friday?
Sure, what's the departure and destination.
from broxbourne to cambridge
The TR3158 meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the arrival time? I'll also need the travel time and train ID.
The arrival time is 13:32. The train ID is TR3158. And the travel time for this route is 60 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi.
There are 8 hotels available with internet and parking. What price range and area of the city are you interested in?
I want to to have a 4 star rating & be a guesthouse. It can be in any area of the town.
There are 16 options available. Can I narrow it down for you by price range?
The price doesn't matter. Is there one that you would recommend?
I would recommend the [Allenbell] which is in the center and cheap. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please, for 3 people. We'll need 3 nights starting Friday. Can you please give me the reference number once it's booked?
Your room has been booked. Reference number is 77BQDD6I .
Great, you have been very helpful today. Thanks. That is all I need. Bye.
It's my pleasure. Have a good day.


I would like to blow my budget at an expensive restaurant in the centre area.
Sounds like you are celebrating. What type of food do you want to have?
I'd love to have some [Persian] food.
Unfortunately, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants in the center of town. Are you interested in a different type of expensive food?
how about one that serves [european] food?
I could recommend [Eraina]. It is expensive and serves European food in the center.
Sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 2 at [17:45] on wednesday?
I have booked a table for two at Eraina. Your reservation is at 17:45 on Wednesday, and your reference number is QEYTLGLK . Can I help you with anything else?
Is there park in the same area as the restaurant? If so can you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The [Cambridge University Botanic Gardens] is in the centre of town. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get a taxi please from that park to take me to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me contact number and car type too please
Yes, a white bmw is booked. The contact number is 07805333203. Will that be all for you?
Yes, that's it! Thanks so much, bye!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


Hello, I'm looking for a nearby hospital that has [inpatient occupational therapy]. Can you help me with this?
Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ
Is that the phone number for the inpatient occupational therapy department?
No, their direct number is 01223216881.
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you for using our system!


Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning? I am trying to find a good place to stay.
Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.
I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?
The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.


Hello I am looking for a nice restaurant nearby that serve [Portuguese] , but I would also like the prices very affordable
Nandos is in the south area and they have wonderful Portuguese food! Would you like me to book that?
Are they a cheap restaurant? I want to save money for all the other plans we have during our trip.
yes. [nandos city centre] fits your wants.
Great! Could you book a table there for 5 people on Thursday? We'd like to eat at [19:00].
Your table has been reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is M1K2Y25N on Thursday at 19:00 for 5 people.
Thank you. I also want to go to a museum.
There are several museums available. What part of town would you prefer?
It can be in any area. Could you suggest one and give me some information about it, please?
The [ruskin gallery] is in the centre of town at anglia ruskin university, east road. The phone number and postcode are 01245493131 and cb11pt. Admission is free. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two places.
Where would you like to depart from and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time.
Okay you got it. I've booked you a yellow ford. The contact number is 07887698411
Great! That is all I needed. Thank you.
No problem. Enjoy your stay.


Please provide the location of the nearest police station.
The nearest police station in Parkside Cambridge, the telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. The postcode is CB11JG in case you need it. Goodbye.


I am looking for places to see in town. Can you help me?
Cambridge offers many attractions. Is there a certain part of town or type of attraction you'd like to narrow your search down to?
I really don't have a preference. I'll let you pick! I'll need the address, postcode and the phone number. Thanks so much!
Little saint mary's church is an architecture site, their address is little saint mary's lane, and postcode is cb21qy, and the phone number is 01223366202
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Monday. It will need to leave after [21:45].
what is your destination.
I'm leaving from Cambridge going to stevenage.
The TR6906 departs at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the price on that one please.
The price is 12.80 pounds
That's exactly what I needed. Thank you. Goodbye!
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


I am looking for entertainment in the east of town.
The east has both the funky fun house and cherry hinton hall and grounds. looking for something in particular?
What are their entrance fees?
I don't know what their entrance fees are. I can give you the phone numbers to call both of these places.
Can you please get me the entrance fee, address and phone number for these.
Cherry hinton hall and grounds phone is 01223446104. I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need a train to Cambridge, arriving by [19:15]
On what day will you travel?
It will be on friday and I only need 1 ticket for myself.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.
what day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D6A6C4N1 . Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all! Bye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Is there an expensive [French] restaurant in town?
I show two french restaurants. Cote and Restaurant two two.
Which is closest to me?
What area is closer to you, North or Centre?
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve french food .
I don't know.
Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre, and Restaurant Two Two is at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. How else may I assist you?
Thank You
Thank you. Good bye.


I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Is there anything else?
The Nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well.
What kind of food does The [Nirala] serve?
The Nirala serves Indian
What is their phone number?
The phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. I have all the information that I need now.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Good bye
Goodbye.


I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
There are 32 options in Cambridge, what price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for something in the cheap price range, but I need it to have a 4 star rating. I don't need any parking though.
Again I have many to choose from that meet those criteria. Would you like a suggestion?
Ok, yes, if you could suggest one that comes with free parking that would be great!
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I also need a [Vietnamese] restaurant.
My apologies it appears that I forgot to book your lodging. I recommend [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], would you like me to book it for you?
Oh yes, please do. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights, beginning friday
You are booked with the reference number E9100B48 . I can help you with the [Vietnamese] restaurant now. Do you have an area in mind?
I just want the restaurant to be in the same price range as my hotel
There is one cheap vietnamese restaurant in town. It is [thanh binh]. Do you want to book?
No, just provide me with the address and area for that restaurant if you could
The restaurant is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre in the West. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, will you book me a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel, please
And what time would you like that taxi?
I would like to leave the hotel by [22:15].
Your taxi service was book with a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07797935179 in case you need to contact them.
Thank you, that will be all.
You are welcome enjoy your meal. Have a good evenening


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named [cityroomz]. Can you provide me information about it please?
Yes. It's a 0 star hotel that's located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number as well?
No thanks, but can you book me for 3 people and 5 nights starting on saturday? I'll also need the reference number.
I booked it for you. The reference is L30FIVE7 . Do you need anything else?
Im looking for a place to go in the centre area with multiple sports.
I am sorry but there are no multiple sports in the centre area. Do you want me to try a different area or a different attraction?
How about let's try a nightclub?
Yes I found 5 nightclubs. Would like to try the [Ballare] located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion yard?
I think that would work. Can you tell me their entrance fee and postcode please?
Yeah, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and the postcode is cb23na.
Can you book me a taxi between the two locations please?
When would you like to be picked up?
at [17:00] hours please
Okay. You'll be expecting a blue Ford. Their number is 07043795737. Anything else?
Was that taxi booking for leaving by 18:45?
It was at 17:00, quite a bit before 18:45. Would you prefer a later booking?
I just need to arrive at my attraction by [18:45]. Can I get the car type and contact number please?
It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07043795737.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you for using the help desk! Good bye!


I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves [brazilian] food
Unfortunately, there are no brazilian restaurants available. Is there a second food option you would like to try?
Is there any restaurants that have [gastropub] type of food?
[Backstreet Bistro] is a gastropub located in the centre part of town and in the expensive price range.
May I have their address and phone number please?
Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.


I need a hotel with a star of 4 that offers free wi-fi.
There are three hotels that offer wifi and are 4-star. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry and University Arms Hotel. Would any of these suit your needs or do you need more information?
Which one is a moderate price range?
There are not any moderate priced hotels available. The Cambridge Belfry is inexpensive, while Huntington Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both expensive.
I think I'd prefer one of the expensive options. Which is your favorite?
I would recommend the Huntington Marriott Hotel, which is located in the west part of town at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to make a reservation?
No. I think I am all set.
Great. I hope you have a good day.


Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Stevenage that leaves after [10:30] please.
Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
the TR3043 leaves at 11:21 if that works for you.
That sounds like it might work, but what is its arrival time if I may ask?
TR3043 arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
I would also like to explore the local architecture while in town. Can you suggest a place to visit?
what about [all saints church]? its lovely
That sounds great! Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
phone is 01223452587 postcode is cb58bs and address is jesus lane
Great, thanks! That'll be all I need. Bye!
enjoy your time


Hi I will be in cambridge next week and I need to find a type of boat, in the north can you help me find one?
Sure, the riverboat georgina offer passenger cruisers and they are located in the north.
Sounds interesting. What is the fee? Also can I have their phone number and postcode?
I don't have the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223902091 and the post code is cb43ax.
Thanks. I also am looking for a restaurant to dine in that serves [Chinese] food and would prefer close to the attraction.
I have 3 options here. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
No, no preference. Can you tell me the names of the 3?
We have [hakka], golden wok, and the hotpot. Can I book one, if so what date, time and for how many people?
That would be for one person at [19:00] on friday please.
Hi, I was able to book Your table at Hakka. the reference number is JRF1SH26 .
Great, thanks! That's all I need today. You've been a wonderful help.
You are welcome. Thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.


I want to find a [Chinese] restaurant in the cheap price range.
sure, i have four options for you
Great, what are they?
You have the Charlie Chan, the Rice House, the Lucky Star, and the Golden House. Would you like to make a booking for any of these?
You decide. I need the area their located in
I recommend [Charlie Chan] located on Regent Street, City Centre, in the town centre.
Can you book a table for me?
how many people and what time?
Actually, I won't need a booking. I'll just need the phone number, address and area, please?
sure, phone is 01223361763 address is regent st city centre and its in the centre of town, anything else?
I'm looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.
How does the [Mumford Theatre] sound to you?
Its sounds great, what is the address and post code please?
Sure, the address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road post code cb11pt. Would you like a reservation?
No, i don't need anything else! Thanks and have a good day!
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves [italian]. I would like it to be in the south.
There are two italian places. Pizza Hut and Frankie and Bennys. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
Maybe. I need a place that serves expensive food. Does either place fit the bill?
Yes, [Frankie and Benny's] is expensive.
I would like to book a table for 6 people at [19:00] on Monday. I need the reference number for the booking as well.
I have your booking for 6 people on Monday at 19:00, your reference number is 554BXNRB . Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a hotel with free parking.
i have many options for you! any particular part of town?
Yes, I would like it to be in the same area as the restaurant please.
I would suggest the [allenbell].
Okay. do they have free parking? if so are they in the same area as frankie and benny's?
unfortunately they are in different areas. let me find something that will work. i have the lensfield hotel. it is expensive in the south and offers free parking and wifi.
Thank you. You just answered all my questions. Have a good day. Goodbye.
If you decide to make reservations, we will be glad to help you.


I want to find a museum located in the west.
how about [cafe jello gallery]? it's gotten great reviews.
What is the entrance fee? Can you please provide the address and postcode?
cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Postcode cb30af
I also need a dining place. [International] food in expensive range would work for me.
I'm sorry but it doesn't look like we have any listings for expensive international restaurants. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
are you sure?it should be in the west
I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try a different price range or cuisine?
How about [Indian]?
There are 5 restaurants in the west that serve expensive Indian food. May I make a reservation for you?
As long as it serves indian we're good. I need the address and phone number
I recommend [India House]! It's located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Can I do anything else for you?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two? I need to leave the [Cafe Jello] attraction by [21:00]. I need the contact Number and car type?
Done! The car will be a red Tesla, and you may call 07730461220. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all of the information that I need, thank you.
Your welcome and if there is anything else please don't hesitate to give me a call back.


Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south that serves [Chinese]?
Yes, there's a restaurant called [The Lucky Star] and is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223244277.
Thanks so much for your help do you know if I need to make a reservation?
I can make a reservation for you. Do you know what day?
Can you reserve a table for just 1 person on Saturday at [13:45]?
Yes I can, your reference number for that booking is IIRB479M . Is there anything else I can do?
i'm also looking for some places to go in town.
Byard Art is a great place. They are located at 14 King's Parade and their number is 01223464646. Their is no entrance fee.
Is this a theatre or museum?
Byard Art is a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, can we see if there are any theaters to visit in the area?
yes, there's a theater called The Junction on Clifton Way.
Great! Can I have the postcode please?
The postcode is cb17gx. Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I needed thank you for your help.
Glad to have been of help. We're here if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a local restaurant in the south that offers [modern European] cuisine
I found one for you called restaurant [alimentum]. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes!
What day would you like to book your reservation?
Two people at [11:15] for 2 people.
For which day shall I book the table?
Tuesday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IMSY2GMJ . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you
Have a great day!


Are there any [eritrean] restaurants in town?
No, there are no eritrean restaurants in town. Would you like a different restaurant?
How about [Chinese] food?
There is a wide variety of Chinese restaurants, do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down?
I would like the East part of town.
Yu Garden is a chinese restaurant in the east area.
Could I get the address, phone number, and postcode of [Yu Garden]?
Phone is 01223 248882, address and postcode are 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you. That is all the information I needed. Bye bye!
Bye!


While on my trip to Cambridge I need a hotel, and it is not important for it to have internet.
There are 9 hotels in Cambridge. Is there any particular star rating you would like such as a 2 or 4 star?
I am looking for a cheap hotel.
The [Cambridge Belfry] is the only hotel showing to your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
Does it have free wifi? If so, please book it for me.
It does have free wifi. On what day will you be checking in?
I will need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights. The room will need to accommodate 3 people.
Great it's all booked, the reference number is 59FZCVEC
Thanks I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range serving [international] food
The [Missing Sock] fits those requests, would you like the address?
Yes, can you book a table for 3 people on Saturday?
I'd be happy to assist you, what time would you like your reservation for?
I would like to make a reservation for [11:00] on Saturday. Please provide the reference number for the reservation. Thanks
Good news! I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is QD0E91EW . Will that be all?
Thank you. That's all I need today.
You're welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you so much!
Thank you, goodbye.


I am looking for a five star guesthouse to stay in.
There are no 5 Star Guest Houses in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
Are there any 5 star hotels in that area?
I am not finding any 5 star hotels. Would you like to try a different rating?
Okay, let's try a 4 star rating instead. Do you have any guesthouses listed with a 4 star rating?
yes, there are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings.
What is the price range and area?
They are located all across town, from all price ranges. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care about the location or price.
In that case may I suggest the [Acorn Guest House]? It's located in the north and has a moderate price range with a four star rating.
Do they have internet?
Yes, they offer both parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No thanks but I'm looking for something to do around town
Do you have any preferences on things to do or area?
I need an attraction in the type of concerthall.
[The man on the moon] is the only concerthall, but it is in the the centre, would you like more info on that or for me to run another sarch?
what is its entrance fee?
We don't have information on the entrance fee, but their number is 01223474144 if you would like to contact them.
Thank you for the information.
Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all I needed.
Ok! Have a great day!


What is the closest four star hotel with free wifi?
What is your location preference?
Location is not a priority, it could be a hotel or guesthouse, either way is fine.
[Acorn Guest House] is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
Is this a cheap place to stay? I really want to book a cheap place.
The Acorn is moderately priced. We do have some cheap ones with 4 stars and the internet. The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that fits your description.
Yes, can you please book The [Cambridge Belfry] for me for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday. If Sunday is not available, Monday is also okay.
Yes, I've made the booking for you and your reference number is FTZQCNPH .
Thank you. Could you recommend a place to go in the centre of town?
sure, how about [the fez club]?
That will work can I get the address please?
Yes, it is located at 8 Market Passage, postcode cb23hx. What else can I assist you with today?
Is there a entrance fee?
Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I need the phone number as well please.
sorry about that it is 01223519224, anything else today?
That will be it for now. Have a good day! Thank you!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay! Good-bye.


I want to find a [Chinese] restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There are 10 choices and we have cheap, moderate and expensive options, any preference?
I would like a suggestion of a moderately priced Chinese place.
I recommend [Jinling Noodle Bar]. It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Center. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you please for three at [17:00].
On what day would you like your reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
What day would you like to dine on ?
I want a reservation for 2 people at [17:30] on thursday. Sorry, I don't know why I said the other thing before that. I must be going crazy.
Your table was booked. Your reference number is 42XEDGDF . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a Friday train to Broxbourne.
Certainly. Will you be departing from Cambridge? What time would you like to leave after or arrive by? There are departures every hour from 5:01 through 23:01.
I would like to leave Cambridge after 15:45.
The next train after 15:45 leaves at [17:01] from Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it and provide the reference number.
How many train tickets would you like to book?
2 please and I need a ref. number.
Okay, booked it and your ref. is TJGHMT3I .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you. Let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with.


I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves [persian] food.
There are no restaurants serving Persian food in the Centre part of town.
I would like a [thai] restaurant then.
I see several options for Thai food in the city centre. Would you like to narrow them down by price?
Yes please. Like to hear least to most expensive first.
[bangkok city] is the only result and it is expensive.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Bangkok city is 24 Green Street City Centr, and the phone number is 01223 354382 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day!


Please help me find a moderately priced restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.
how about Colto, it serves british food, is in the city centre and is moderately priced
No thanks, is there any [turkish] restaurants in the same price range and area?
Yes, there are 2 restaurants that fit that criteria, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
give me its address,phone number, and postcode please
Anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre, 01223362372 and postcode is cb21uj. efes is at king street city centre. Phone is 01223500005 and postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you. I also need a train going to London Liverpool Street please
What day were you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday, departing from cambridge and arriving by [18:00].
Okay, the TR9956 leaves at 15:59 and arrives by 17:27. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
yes please and make them three tickets
Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : O2OFXV6A . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I needed today thank you.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find a hotel?
Certainly. Is there an area of town or a price range you prefer?
I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range with a rating of 0.
I have two options available for you. Do you care about parking?
No, parking is not an issue. What do you think is the best option?
City centre north b and b is a good choice and close to a lot of attractions. Shall I book for you?


Hello, can you give me some information on places to go in town?
Can I get the type of attraction you would like to go to?
I would like to go to a swimming pool.
I show 4 swimmingpools. Do you have a preference of an area?
No area preference in mind. Please get me the address and entrance fee - if any - for one of them.
i'm not sure about the entrance fee but i can give you the address for abbey pool and astroturf pitch
ok what's the address?
Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Is there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, are there any [seafood] restaurants in the centre?
Yes, [Loch Fyne] is a seafood restaurant in the centre. I must warn you that it is expensive. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please I need it for 6 people for [14:15] on a Wednesday. I will need the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PEY9RURV .
Thank you that is all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye
Have a great time in Cambridge.


I'm looking to find a guesthouse with free wifi for the night.
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow down the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge centre.
when would you like to move into the guest house
Starting on Monday please.
For how many days would you like this reservation?
I plan to stay for 3 nights
Booking was unsuccessful. Please book another day or a shorter stay.
alright. enjoyed your services. keep that up
You are more than welcome!


I am looking got a hotel near the centre and I need to it have free wifi.
I have 5 hotels that fit that criteria. Are you looking for a particular price range?
Expensive. A guest house, please.
I have no matches that fit that criteria, would you like me to look up something else?
How about one that is a hotel?
Yes, I have two results. [Gonville hotel] has 3 stars and University Arms has 4 stars, would one of those work for you?
Yes any one of them will do. I need to book for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday please.
The gonville hotel is booked. However, the good news is you are booked into university arms hotel. The reference number is BQ60JNGD . Is there anything else?
Uh, no that's fine. Thanks for all of your help.
Your welcome have a good day!


Hello, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge.
What day would you be traveling and where would you like to go?
I would be leaving on Friday and i would be traveling to London Liverpool street and i would like to leave after [21:15]
You could take the TR9557 at 21:59, or the TR3138 two hours later.
I'll take the earlier train. could you tell me the travel time, and at what time I will be arriving at London Liverpool street?
Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes and you will arrive at 23:27. Would you like me to book the train for you?
That would be great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel. I would prefer a 3 star hotel. I do not need parking.
Certainly. I have many hotels matching that description. Do you have a preference for what area you stay in?
I don't really care. Could you please find me a moderately priced one, though? I'd like a 3 star if possible.
Excellent, we have 4 options, all 3-star and moderately priced. They only differ by location (north, south, west) and wifi availability. Do you have any preferences given this new information?
I would really like a guesthouse. Is one of those a guesthouse?
Yes, [Alpha-milton guesthouse] is a 3 star in the north in a moderate price range but no internet. Does this hotel interest you?
Yes. Can I get the phone number and address please.
The phone number for alpha-milton guest house is 01223311625. It is located at 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today!
Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I need to go out tonight - what's the hottest nightclub on the west side?
There are no nightclubs on the west side of town.
That sucks. How about museums in the west?
We have 7 different museums in the west part of town. Do you want me to give you a recommendation?
Yes, please. I would appreciate that.
I would suggest kettles yard.
Thanks, what is the postcode and entrance fee for [kettles yard]?
The postcode is cb30aq and it is free.
I also need to book a table at the [royal spice] restaurant.
I'd be happy to help, first I'll need more information. Please tell me the day, time and number in your party for your reservation.
It will be for one, Wednesday.
What time did you want to make the reservation for?
[18:45] on weds
How many people?
It will just be me
Ok, booking was successful. Reference number is : SVJX0QE7 . Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you.
You are most welcome! Good bye.


I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.
I'd love to help! where's your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street.
I'd love to help! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge.
How about TR5154 that leaves at 05:59?
help me get price and train ID
The price is 16.60 pounds. Train ID is TR5154. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
Not today, thank you. Does the train arrive by 09:15?
No, it arrives at 7:27.
Can you go ahead and book it and get me a price please?
Before booking, could you please confirm either the time you'd like to depart or arrive?
I need to arrive at [09:15].
How about TR5154 which leaves on Friday at 05:59 and arrives by 07:27. It is 16.60 pounds and total trip is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that?
No I don't need to book. Thanks for the information.
You're welcome. Have a great time!


I need a train to take me to Cambridge departing from London Liverpool Street.
What day were you thinking of traveling on?
On Thursday. I need to arrive by [20:45]
May I suggest train TR7360 arriving at 19:07?
That would be fine. I'll need the travel time, departure time, and train ID, please?
As mentioned, it is TR7360. It leaves liverpool on thursday at 17:39. It arrives at cambridge at at 19:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
What's the duration of the trip?
The duration is 88 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a boat type of place to go in the north.
we have [riverboat georgina]
Can you give me the phone number, address and entrance fee?
Yes, the address is Cambridge passenger crusiers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. I'm not sure about the entrance fee. You could call them and find out?
Okay. Thank you for your time!
Before I let you go, has everything been resolved or are there other questions?
Have a great day. I am all set. Goodbye.
welcome and thanks for using our services.


Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.
I have 33 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I don't have a particular area. It does need to be moderately priced.
Do you have a parking or internet preference?
Yes, I'd like free parking and free wifi. Thanks!
I have 14 hotels that meet your criteria. I can narrow that down further depending on which part of town you want to stay in.
I would like to to be a guesthouse.
There are 12 guest houses that are moderate pricing and offer both free parking and Internet what part of town do you want


I'm looking for a train that departs from Ely anytime after [20:15].
I have many. Which day would you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Friday.
Where will you be going, Cambridge?
Yes I will be going to Cambridge.
TR0292 will leave at 21:35 would that work for you?
Yes I need the price. Also, I am traveling in the east, can you recommend a good place to go?
4.40 pounds payable at the station. The [funky fun house] is a great place for entertainment. I can't quote the price on that though sorry.
Thats okay. Can i just have their address and postcode?
Yes, it is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the postal code is cb58hy
Can you tell me the entrance fee please?
Unfortunately the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you find anything else?
No thanks. I think that answered all my questions. Have a nice day. Bye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves [Malaysian] food.
No matches found for cheap Malaysian food
How about [Italian] food?
What area would you like the restaurant to be in?
I don't care.
[zizzi cambridge] is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Cambridge area
address and phone number please
Zizzi Cambridge in the centre of the city. They are located at 47-53 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223 365599.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!


Can you help me find a guesthouse that offers free wifi?
I sure can. There are 23 guesthouse with free wifi. Would you prefer a certain part of town?
I'd love something in the east, hopefully with free parking.
Okay, there are 5 options. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Sounds like you are looking for [express by holiday inn cambridge]. Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday. I will also need the reference number.
The booking was successful and reference number is ZDG5KJ7S . Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that is all for now. Thank you!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.


There aren't any [Polish] restaurants in the centre, are there?
Sorry there is not. How about another choice of food ?
how about [chinese]?
We have many Chinese restaurants! What's your price range?
I'm not fussy about price, pick one for me and give me the address please, I'm starving!
Rice house is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like for me to book a reservation?
Just the address is all I needed for now. But could you also help me find a train?
Definitely! Can you give me some more specifics so I can help?
I am going to London kings cross.
And what is your arrival destination and time of travel?
Leaving Cambridge to London kings cross and arrive by [19:45].
Ok, on what day will that be?
I need to leave on Tuesday.
TR0315 arrives at 13:51. is that fine with you?
what is its departure time?
It leaves Cambridge at 13:00.
Time I leave does not matter I just need it to arrive by 19:45.
I have a train departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 17:51. I don't have a later arrival time on Tuesday, unfortunately.
Alright. Could you please provide me with the train ID and the travel time?
That is TR0945. The train departs cambridge at 17:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 17:51. The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book it for you?
No. thanks. I don't need to book it right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need. Goodbye.
Great! Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.


Is there anything fun to see or do on the West end?
Cambridge offers many museums on the West end. The [Cafe Jello Gallery] is one that looks fun. Would you like to know about more of them?
I just need the phone number, please.
The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a train arriving by [09:30] on wednesday?
Where will you be traveling to and from?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage, please.
I have a train that arrives by 08:10.
Okay that will work. I need to book it for 7 people.
You have 7 tickets for the train, your reference # is: 9VEQHOIF . The fee is 89.6, pay at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all
Great! Have a nice night!


I'm looking for a train to cambridge leaving after [09:30], can you help?
Hello, we have many trains going to cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Norwich. I would also like to leave on Wednesday.
There are a total of 14 trains leaving Norwich on Wednesday every hour beginning at 10:16. Would you like to book the 10:16 train or any later train?
The 10:16 will be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.
Your fee will be 17.6 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is J3K7VE8G . Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would like some suggestions on places to go on the west side of town.
[clare hall] is an excellent choice on the west end.
Is this a type of entertainment?
No, Clare Hall is a college.
I am looking for attractions on the west side of town related to entertainment. Please recommend one and provide the postcode
I recommend Whale of a time and the post code is cb238el
Ok thank you, that's all I need today.
You're welcome. Please come back if you have any other questions!


i would like an expensive restaurant that serves [irish] food
there are no matches for that search
How about [modern european] food?
There's [darrys cookhouse and wine shop], located in the centre of town. Would you like their information?
Yes please, I would like the address and the phone number.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 505015.
Thank you. Goodbye!
you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Have a nice day!


Yes, I need help locating [Pizza Hut City Centre].
Sure, the Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
What is the price range?
They're listed as cheap.
Do you have their phone number?
Yes, it's 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a south restaurant with some [greek] food.
Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No, any price range is fine.
I'm sorry, but there are no Greek restaurants in the south part of town.
How about [italian]?
[frankie and bennys] is an italian restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their location?
phone number and postcode, please.
The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye


Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, can you help me.
[University arms hotel] is located in the centre of town.
What is the price range for that?
The University Arms Hotel is an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Would that work for you?
No, I need a moderately priced hotel. Do you have one of those?
I have the cityroomz. It is a moderate price hotel in the center. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm sorry but I do need an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, with free parking in the center of town.
gonville hotel is a nice place.Would you like me to book it or do you want the adress ?


Hello, can you give me information about the hotel [Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge], please?
Of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the phone number and area of town in which it is located.
01223866800. It is in the East. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like some information about an attraction called [Parkside Pools], please.
Sure. It's a swimming pool in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
Just the postcode and phone number.
The post code is cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I need a train to Cambridge. I am currently at Birmingham New Street.
Sure, when do you want to leave?
Tuesday, I'd like to arrive by [14:00], please.
Train TR4931 leaves Tuesday at 10:40 and arrives by 13:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8S88SBMF .
Great! Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a guesthouse?
Sure i will find you one and inform you as soon as possible


Hi, I need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range. What do you have that you can suggest?
We have 21 of those, including those serving british food and many other types. Can you narrow it down some?
Sure, can you try to find a [british] restaurant?
[Cotto] is very good. Can I reserve a table for you?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 6 people at [14:45] on Wednesday.
I was able to make a reservation for 6 people at Cotto on Wednesday at 14:45. Your reference number is RX6XP8KP .
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.


I planning a trip to Cambridge toward the west side I would like information on the entertainment in this part of the town .
We have [Whale of a Time] in the west. Would you like any information on this attraction?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee?
Unfortunately I do not have access to that info.
That is unfortunate. Could you provide me with their phone number so I can ask them myself?
Not a problem! You can call them at 01954781018! Sorry about that!
It's alright. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge. I'm trying to get to Stansted Airport by [08:30].
There are three possible trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to depart at 05:40, 06:40, or 07:40?
It doesn't matter. Let's take the [5:40].
Perfect. Just one ticket? The cost will be 10.10 pounds.
I actually need 8, I'm taking my family with me.
Booking was successful for TR7966, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your eference number is : NT1R53H8 . Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
I'm glad I could be of service, have a good day.
You, too! Goodbye!
Goodbye and hope to see you again.


Can you tell me about the [J Restaurant]?
The J restaurant serves cheap asian oriental food in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223307581. The address is 86 Regent Street City Centre.
Can you make reservations for 6 at [14:30] on Thursday?
Yes I certainly can! Your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5F3KBH78 .
You have been very helpful. Thank you. goodbye.
Glad to help. Have a great day and enjoy your meal. Good bye.


I am looking to stay at the [Lovell Lodge] hotel and to see the areas local attractions.
I can definitely help you with that. First let's book the hotel. When were you wanting to stay?
The booking is for 5 people staying four nights from Saturday .
Would you like me to book that now?
Yes please book that for me.
Okay. I have reservations for 5 people starting on Saturday and staying for 4 days at the Lovell Lodge. The reference number is UPYAJTEP .
Thank you. I have another request. I am looking to find out more information on the [Soul Tree] Night Club.
This nightclub is located in the centre of town and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Is there any other information that I can provide you with?
No, that's all I need for now. Thanks for your help!
Your welcome, Have a great day


Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay.
I like acorn guest house. Need me to book a room?
Does the [acorn guest house] have internet and parking?
Yes it has free parking and wifi.
I was wanting to stay in a hotel, instead of a guesthouse. Are you sure there aren't any 4-star hotels that has free parking? If not, the guesthouse is fine.
I see three 4 star hotel listings that offer free parking.
Do all of them have free wifi?
the cambridge belfry has free parking and wifi, it is four stars, located in the west and at a cheap price, would you like me to book you?
Yes can you make me a booking for 2 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
Ok I will book it for you and is there anything else I can help you with ?


I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and a 0 star rating.
I have found three hotels which in the cheap and moderate price range. They are also located in the north and centre area. Which do you prefer?
One with moderate price range, please.
I have located [citiroomz] in the centre area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please that would be great. Can you do it for 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can you find a hotel in the same price range?
How does [lovell lodge] sound? It is in the moderate price range but it has a two star rating.
Do they have rooms available for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday?
Yes, I was able to book that for you. Address is 365 milton road. Reference number is EWRN88MQ . Would that work for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you so much!
Great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
We will. Thanks again.
Great! Let me know if you need anything else.


I'm looking for a museum in town
I have several museums listed, is there a specific type you are interested in?
Nothing specific, please just send me the address, phone number and postcode of the one you would suggest.
Ok Williams art and antiques is pretty universally enjoyed, gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, postal cb12lj, phone, 01223311687, free admission, so that's good for the wallet.
Thank you so much! I also need info on trains that leave on Monday after [11:00].
There are 278 entries that match your request. Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be going to cambridge and should depart from birmingham new street.
What time do you need to arrive by?
As early as possible as long as I leave after 11:00.
I will take the one on Monday at 11:00 can you book it for me ?


Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?
Yes, there are many. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
can you suggest one, I am not picky, just need the type and address
Sure! The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant that's located at 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre. Would you like a table reserved?
No thank you. I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after [16:30].
I have 5 different trains leaving Cambridge on Friday evening, which destination do you prefer: kings cross or liverpool street?
I actually need to go to stevenage.
What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.
There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours starting at 17:21 and arriving in Stevanage one hour later. Which time do you prefer?
17:21 sounds fine. Please make a booking for 1 person and let me know the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : L9DAX54Q . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye
You're very welcome. Good-bye.


I need to book a taxi to come to [Nandos City Centre]. I need it here by [04:00].
I'd be happy to book that for you. Where will you be heading?
i'm going to [warworth house].
Booking completed! Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07116555709


I need a train going to london kings cross.
Sure, no problem. The first train leaves at 05:00 the last at 13:00
I would like a train that leaves after [12:15] on Monday.
There are trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 13:00.
Can you book me 8 tickets on the 13:00 train?
Okay, I have booked 8 tickets on TR6110. Leaves from Cambridge at 13:00, arriving in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Your reference number is GOOH50QG . Total fee is 188.8GBP.
Thanks, could you also tell me about the [museum of archaelogy and anthropology]?
You can find that museum at university of cambridge, downing street, and it's free to enter. Do you need more information?
Yes, I need their phone number as well.
Sure, their number is 01223333516.
What's the entrance fee as well?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with.
that is all for now.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Have a great day as well. Goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a place to stay in the east? It does not need to include internet.
Okay! What is the price range that you would like?
Price isn't an issue for me, but the hotel should be four stars
[a and b guest house] is a nice option
nice! does it have free wifi?
Yes it certainly does.
That's great, can you make a booking for?
Sure! How many people for your stay, when would you like to start your stay, and how long would you like to stay for?
I will be arriving Friday and I need it for 2 nights for 1 person.
I booked you a room at a and b guest house for Friday. Your reference is 2WB08P38 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and yes. I'd like a train from Cambridge to Leicester for Sunday.
There are several trains matching your criteria. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [20:15], please.
TR9187 arrives by 08:06. will that be fine with you?
What time does it leave, and how long is the ride?
The train leaves at 6:21 and the duration is 105 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.
Great. I hope you have a lovely day.


I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves [scandinavian] food.
There are no scandinavian restaurants in the south part of town.
How about [italian] food?
Yes, we have two Italian restaurants in the south area. Would you prefer the moderately priced or the expensive one?
I do not have a preference. Please make a suggestion.
[Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton is an Italian restaurant, it is on the south part of town, and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
And postcode?
Post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y , phone number is 01223 323737, and address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Great, thank you
Thank you, have a nice day!


I'm looking for a nightclub in downtown Cambridge.
I have several, is there a price you would like to keep entrance fee under?
I don't really care. Can you suggest a place? And give me a postcode for the one you suggest please.
Soul Tree Nightclub is nice and has a 4 pounds entrance fee. The postcode is cb23qf. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge and arrive by [19:15].
There are many trains that fit your criteria. Is there a destination to narrow the search?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.
There are many trains that day. I Have one that that gets in at 17:58, would you like me to book it?
That works for me. Book it for 2 people and I need the reference number.
Okay, I have booked your train ticket from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Your reference number is RX3523989 .
That's everything. Thank you.
You are very welcome and have a good night.


i'm looking for places to go in town
sure. What do you like to do ?
A park in the north part of town
Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse in the centre.
[El shaddai] is located in the center and is a cheap one. Would you like me to book room(s) for you?
That sounds good but I need free wifi. Does it have free wifi?
yes it does. would you like me to make a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
all set, your confirmation number is PWVDKBN8 . Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Happy to help!


I'll be visiting Cambridge soon and would like some information on [Hughes Hall].
It is a college located in the centre of town.
Can you give me the area, address, and entrance fee, please?
it is located in wollaston road,cb12ew. entry is free and is in the centre.
Perfect! I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn leaving after [10:00]
I have 98 trains to kings lynn leaving after 10:00. Do you have a more specific time frame?
i'm leaving on a tuesday
TR7548 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Will that work for you?
Yes. Can you book 7 tickets please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RWVC9XY8 .
Thank you!
is there anything else i can help with ?
No. Thanks for all your help. Bye!
Thank you for using this service goodbye


I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.
Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.
I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?
I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.
We have 2,828 entries for a train. Could you narrow it down to what you need?
I need to get a train that will arrive by [13:30] heading to cambridge from norwich
What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.
how many tickets?
Just for myself please.
We have trains leaving every hour from 05:36 to 11:36. How early do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter as long as i arrive by 13:30.
The first train leaves at 5:36.
Can you book it for me?
You are booked on the 05:36 train on Friday. Reference number TR2534 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number please.
Sure, your reference number is 2UBIWV3N . May I assistance you with anything else today?
No that is everything, thanks for all your help. Goodbye
Have a safe trip.


I do need some information. I'm looking for a place to stay.
Which area of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price preference or any other essentials?
No specific area or price range. I would like a four star guesthouse with wifi.
I recommend the [Allenbell]. It's 4 stars, but cheap! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, if you can book for 4 people for 5 nights starting wednesday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XRWYCWBT .
I also need information on a particular attraction called the [Gonville and Caius College].
Yes they are on trinity street in the centre of town. Postcode is cb21ta and phone is 01223332400 if you are partial to chatting on the tele. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
yes all I need now are the entrance fees
There entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a taxi for me from the college to the [Allenbell]? I want to leave the college by [5:30].
sure thing all set you will be riding in style in a white bmw contact # is 07606742990, anything else?
Great! Thanks! That's all I needed.
Great. Have a great trip!


I'm looking for a train leaving after [15:30] from cambridge.
There are over 623 trains leaving then. Where will you be going to?
london liverpool street and should leave on monday
TR3602 departs at 15:59 Monday and arrives at London Liverpool street by 17:27. Does this suit your needs?
That sounds great. Can you book that for 6 people for me?
Sure! I have 6 people booked for monday with reference number 3EBQSQSC and a total of 99.6 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on a hotel with free parking in the north.
Do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like to keep it cheap, please. I do need free wifi, though.
I have listings for two,city centre north b and b and worth house.
Let's go with [City Centre North B and B]. I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, and starting on Saturday, please.
Yes. Your reservation was successful. The booking number is 4H91C8I3 .
thank you that will be all
Have a great day!


I need an expensive restaurant that serves [Persian] food in the town center.
We do not have any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to broaden your searcH?
Are there any Persian restaurants in the area? The west side would be best.
No I am sorry another perhaps?
Ok, how about some [Indian] restaurant in the west then?
The India House fills those requirements. Would you like any information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
May I please have their address, post code, and phone number? Thank you.
Sure, the India House is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham, cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that should go to Ely and apart from Cambridge
Do you have a day and time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after [19:45] on Thursday.
The first train to leave after 19:45 leaves at 19:50. Would you like me to book that for you?
First, what's the train ID?
That trainID is TR7979.
Okay Thank you. That is all I need.
Awesome. Glad we could help!


Can you find a place to dine for me?
There are many wonderful places to dine in Cambridge. What type of cuisine and price range would you prefer?
I would like to eat catalam food that is expensive and located in the centre of town please.
I'm sorry, it doesn't appear there is any Catalan food in Cambridge. Would you like to try something else?
How about one that serves [Italian] food?
There are 4 expensive Italian places in city centre. May I recommend [Caffe Uno]? I could make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes please, close to the city center sounds good.
Okay that is close it city centre,can I make a booking for you?
not now but you get me the address and phone number
Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like some information on attractions in town that would be in the centre of town.
we have 44 attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a type in mind?
Perhaps a boating attraction. Is there one in the centre of town?
There are two, however both do not have admission fees pubicaly available. Do you have one in particular in mind or shall I randomly choose one?
No, either one will work. Could you get me their phone number?
The phone number for the Cambridge punter is 07807718591. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.
i am happy i was of help. gooday


I'm looking for somewhere to stay in North Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse
There's eleven different entries for those criteria. Is there anything else you require, such has internet or parking? How about a price range?
I would like a hotel with 4 stars.
Alright. There are 8 different guesthouses that are 4 stars. May I recommend the [Acorn Guest House]? It is moderately priced and provide free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you reserve rooms for six people? We'll arrive on Thursday and stay for three nights.
That booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a shorter stay?
Ok, well lets try if for just one night then.
The booking was successful.Your reference number is MR08P2NJ . Can I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a cool sporty place to go in the centre of town, any recommendations?
How about the fez club? It's a nightclub at cb23hx, 8 market passage.
Is there an entrance fee to the fez club?
Yes, there is. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I provide any other information for you?
Yes, what is the post code of the fez club?
It's cb23hx. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thanks, you're welcome, goodbye.


I am looking for a hotel in cambridge that includes free parking and wifi can you help?
There are 29 options. Would you like a recommendation, or do you wish to narrow the search?
How about ones with four stars as well? Does that narrow it down any more?
There are 19 hotels available in the 4 star range. Is there a specific area or price you would like?
Not really, just select one and book it for four people staying four nights froms Tuesday.
I am sorry but I need more information from you. Which area and pricerange do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter to me. I'll be looking for places to visit in the centre, so if one is located there, that's fine.
Okay, I have a cheap guesthouse in the center, and and expensive hotel as well. They both have 4 stars, which one sounds best?
The cheap one is fine. Book it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday
I have successfully booked a 4 night stay at the [alexander bed and breakfast], your reference number is 8BHSGT90 .
I would also like to visit an attraction. I would like to find a college in the centre.
Might I recommend Downing College which has free admission and is located on Regent Street with postcode cb21dq.
Could you get me a phone number for [Downing College] please?
Their phone number is 01223334860. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.
Would you like for me to search for something else.


I am looking for the nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Yes please send the address and postcode.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
Sure thing! I like [acorn guest house]. Can I book a room for you?
Where is it located? what is it's star rating?
it is located in the north, 154 chesterton road and is 4 star rated
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday and the reference number.
Alright, got you booked. You're reference number is: 86WN2LDQ . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need to book a train for Sunday.
where do you want to go?
I need to get to norwich by 19:00.
We have 19 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
I need a train leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich, sunday. It should arrive by [19:00].
There is a train leaving at 17:36 that arrives at 18:55. Would you like me to book that for you?
yes thank you.
You are booked on train number TR5291 leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 7:36, arriving in Norwich at 8:55. The fee is 14.08 pounds and the reference number is YV651F9C .
thank you so much!
enjoy your stay in cambridge


I would like a cheap restaurant that serves [portuguese] food
I found one in the south part of town and one in the centre.
Can I have the address of the location in the centre of town?
The address to Nandos is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. It servers Portuguese food and is in the centre of town.Is there anythig else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby it should have the [children's surgical and medicine] department
Here is the information for Addenbrookes Hospital Telephone:01223245151 Address :Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode :CB20QQ specifically, children's surgical and medicine:01223217250 Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.


Hello, I'm looking for information about restaurants in Cambridge. They should be located in the Centre and ser [Gastropub] food.
Would you like an expensive place? Or moderate?
Just a gastropub located in the center for 8 people at [12:00] on wednesday please
Sorry, none of the restaurants are available for that time and date. Perhaps pick another time?
How about at [11:00] instead?
Good news! I was able to book a table for you at [Backstreet Bistro] on Wednesday at 11:00 for 8 people. Your reference number is 75F4S49D .
Excellent. I'm also looking to book a train too.
I can do that for you, where do you need to go?
I'll be coming to Cambridge from Broxbourne, on the same day as the restaurant booking please.
I have 5 options that will have you arrive before your restaurant reservation. The train leaves every hour beginning at 5:32. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 tickets on the last train to arrive before [8:30].
Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EJJGOJ29 .
Okay thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a great dinner and a lovely train ride!


Help me find a place to stay. I need a cheap hotel in the east.
I'm so sorry, but I couldn't find anything fitting your specifications. Would you like for me to look in another area?
I might be able to spend more if the hotel comes with free wifi.
Ok, the express by holiday inn cambridge has wifi but it's expensive. Do you want to book it?
No. Let me clarify. I am looking for a hotel or guesthouse but I would like it to be cheap and in the east with free wifi.
What price range are you looking for?
I need a cheap place to stay in the east area with wifi, please.
I cant find a entry,would you want a different location ?


I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range
Yes, I have nine possibilities fitting those parameters. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
I don't care, I want to book a table for 5 people at [13:00] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3AYRGABE .
Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you for your help
You're welcome! Bye now!


I am looking for a swimming pool here in Cambridge.
The Parkside Pool is located at Gonville Place. There number is 01223446100.
Thank you for the information.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please. I need to find a train that leaves Birmingham New Street and arrives in Cambridge by [08:30].
There is a train daily that leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 08:23. What day are you planning to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.
What time would you like to leave at?
I'm not very particular about departure time so any train that gets me to cambridge by 08:30 is fine
What day will you travel?
I will travel on friday.
Okay looks like the best bet for you is the 05:40 train from Birmingham that arrives in Cambridge on Friday at 08:23.
How long will it take to get to Cambridge? What is the fee?
The travel time is 163 minutes. The cost per ticket is 75.10 pounds.
And can you tell me the train ID for that 5:40 Train to Cambridge?
The train ID is TR3888. Is their anything else that you need?
That was all I needed, thanks. Goodbye.
I am sorry, but did you need me to book that train for you?


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving after [21:15]?
sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
Our reunion is on Tuesday so I want to leave that day.
Great! I can help you with that. Where would you like to leave from?
Kings lynn. Please give me the price, travel time, and train ID
I have two lines. 22:11 is the closest to your departure. Does that work for you?
Sounds good to me. Oh, and I'm also looking for a place to stay.
The TR9704 train leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11. The travel time is 47 minutes. The price is 9.80 pounds. Do you know the area you'd like to stay?
No, area doesn't matter. I do want a 4 star guesthouse though.
I have many to choose from. What area do you prefer?
No specific area but i do need free wifi and need it to be in the moderate price range.
There are 11 locations, would you prefer one with parking included?
it doesn't matter book a room for 3 for 1 night the same day, and I'll need the reference number too please
Okay i booked you at the [Acorn] and your reference number is G5FTA5L5 .
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!
Thanks so much that is great.
I will certainly use Cambridge TownInfo again. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!


I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some tourist attractions. Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?
Yes, of course! What price range are you thinking?
I would like something cheap.
What type of attraction would you like?
I am looking for a hotel.
Yes, I apologize. What is your price range for the hotel?
Moderate price range please.
We have 18 places to stay in the moderate range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what area, but I would like it to have free parking. I don't care if it has internet.
How about the [ashley hotel]?
Yes, please. I need the address, postcode and star of the hotel please.
Their address is 74 Chesterton Road. The postcode is cb41er. They are rated 2 stars.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go in the centre of town, please.
Is there a particular attraction you want to go to?
No I don't have a preference.
We have many attractions. What type of attraction would you like?
Can you make a suggestion?
I suggest [the Junction] located on Clifton Way. Would you like more information?
I need attraction type and the postcode.
[The Junction] is a theatre. The postcode is cb17gx
I will also need a taxi to get to the attraction by [6:30] from my hotel.
OK, we have booked a Red Skoda to take you to the Junction by 6:30 from your hotel. Contact number is 07776766676
I apologize for that, I'm actually looking for a taxi to leave [the Junction] and get to my hotel. I need to leave the Junction by [06:30].
No problem. Look for a grey Lexus, contact number: 07151867055. What else can I assist you with today?
That will be all thank you for your time.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge regarding sports.
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports facility in the east. Would you like their phone number?
No, it needs be in the west. Any other museum's are located in the west please?
There are 7 museums in the west, would you prefer one that is free or one with an entrance fee?
I'll take one with an entrance fee, and I'll need the postcode, and phone number please.
There is only one museum with an entrance fee is the west, it is the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, postcode cb30aq, number is 01223355159. Anything else today?
Yes, I am a looking for a train that departs from peterborough and goes to cambridge.
Alright, you have quite a few options. What day are you planning to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should leave after [18:45].
There is one leaving at 18:48 TR1477
Thank you have a wonderful day.
You're very welcome, but before you go, would you like me to book the train for you?
No thank you. I don't think I want to book the train at this time.
Okay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a nice day.


Can you recommend some [cantonese] food in Cambridge please?
Unfortunately it looks like we don't have any cantonese food.
That's a bummer. Thank you anyways.
welcome.if you can change the type of food we can find a nice place.
Would you happen to have one in the centre that serves [spanish] food?
I have the la tasce which is moderate priced and the la raza which is cheap. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to book at the [la tasce] for sunday.
I can help you with that. How many people in your party, and at what time?
There are 3 in my party. I would like to book for Sunday at [19:00] Can you make a reservation, please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 3X53NZ1B . anything else you could like to know?
Okay I'd like to find a museum to visit also. Can you get me a nice place, along with the postcode, entrance fee and area it's in?
The [cambridge and county folk museum] is nice and the entry fee in 3.50 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, what area is it in? I'd also like to get the postcode.
It's in the west. The postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the museaum and arrive at the restaurant by [19:00]
I booked a taxi for you, it will be a grey audi
thanks for helping me. that is all i needed
Happy to help! Feel free to reach out again if you need anything else


Can you give me the address for the Parkside Police Station?
The address you're seeking is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you, what is the phone number and postcode?
Telephone : 01223358966 Postcode : CB11JG. Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre today. Goodbye


Hi I need a train for Saturday please.
Alright I have 404 entries for saturday . Do you have a particular time or departure site in mind ?
I need to depart from Stansted Airport on Saturday after [13:45].
And where will you be going?
I am going to cambridge.
There are 8 trains available, do you have a specific departure time in mind?
Yes, I would need to depart sometime after 13:45. What do you have available?
How about the TR4230 train? It leaves at 14:24 and arrives at 14:52.
Yes, that will be fine. I would like to book the train for 2 people please.
Okay, I've booked 2 tickets for you, and your reference number is EO86W7MK .
Fantastic, I'd also like a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, please.
Asian or british food?
I would like [Japanese] food please.
I am afraid I don't show any japanese restaurants in the centre area. Do you have another preference?
Maybe [modern european]?
I do have 2 options for modern european. Would you like to see reviews of those?
Just pick the one you like best and provide its phone number and address please.
riverside brasserie is a great choice! They're located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane you can reach them at 01223259988.
Thank you, that should be all today, thanks!
It was a pleasure helping. Thanks for using our service. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hi! Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and I?
I'm sure we can. Cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would prefer [Italian] and it has to be in the south.
I found one restaurant with those credentials, it's [Pizza Hut Cherry] Hinton, would you like the address?
No, could you just book a table for 3? I'd like it for Wednesday at [12:15].
I'm sorry. That booking was not available. Would you like to find another restaurant?
What other restaurants are in the same area and price range?
There is the [restaurant alimentum] that serves modern european food?
That sounds good book it for 3 on wednesday at 12:15 please and I'll need the reference number too
I have made a reservation for you at the restaurant alimentum on Wednesday at 12:15 for 3 people. Your reference number is LX2XAAF4 . Would you like their address?
Yes can I have the address and phone number please?
Of course. The restaurant is on 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Great, that's all I needed. Have a lovely day.
Thank you and you too.


Hi, I need a place to stay on the northend.
Please be specific about the price range and hotel type you are interested in.
Type doesn't matter but I'd like it to be 4 star please.
There are eight in that area. Would you like to book one?
I'd also like it to have free wifi. But, it doesn't matter to me if there is free parking.
I found several will you be needing a reference number for this booking?
yes I need the reference number. I also want to find a restaurant.
Okay, how many people and for how many days do you need that hotel.
Just myself, 2 nights starting saturday.
I have the [kirkwood guesthouse]. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I need the reference number for that as I said.
1 guest arriving at Kirkwood House on Saturday and staying 2 nights. Your Reference number is : 414YSUQO . Would you still like me to find a restaurant for you?
oh yes, and please book for two more persons
So for 3 people in total?
I'm sorry, I don't need a booking just yet. I would like to find a restaurant serving [Chinese] food, in the north.
Sure, how about the hotpot?
Is [the hotpot] expensive? I want the restaurant to be expensive, in addition to being chinese food and in the north.
Yes, The Hotpot is expensive and in the north. Would you like me to book a table?
Can you give me the address and post code, please?
Yes, the address of The Hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, cb41ep. Can I be of further assistance?
No, I think that should be all I need for now. Thank you so much for your patience with me!
You're very welcome. If you need anything else, please let us know.


What does Cambridge offer as far as expensive [cantonese] restaurants?
I'm so sorry but we don't have any expensive cantonese. Would you like to try another type of food?
How about [british] food instead.
There are 6 British restaurants. Do you have a particular area of interest?
No, but I want the most expensive one.
I would suggest [Fitzbillies Restaurant]. Would you like me to book a table now?
I'll be dining alone so please make a reservation for 1 at [19:30] or 18:30, perfer 19:30 on wednesday. Reference number please?
All set. Your reservation for one is confirmed for Wednesday at 19:30. Your reference is HB2TWWH0 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking. It will be for just one person, like the restaurant booking.
how about [acorn guest house]? i hear it's lovely
That would be perfect.
I booked the Acorn Guest House in the north, the address: 154 Chesterton road. How many days are you going to stay?
I will be staying 2 days.
I got you booked for the Acorn Guest House for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Your booking number is 2NFSNMZP . Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Can I just confirm it has free internet as well
The guesthouse has free wifi and parking
Great, that will be all thank you.
enjoy your stay!


I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
There are two choices in the south part of town with moderate price. One is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, which is Italian food. and the other is restaurant alimentum, which is modern european food.
What is the address and phone number of [Alimentum]?
restaurant Alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road and the phone number is 01223 413000.
Thank you very much good bye
You're very welcome. Good bye.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Lebanese] food.
I'm sorry, but I cannot find any expensive Lebanese restaurants.
Can I get the address, phone number, and area of an [Italian] restaurant?
How about Caffe Uno, they are in the centre area. Their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Perfect, thank you!
Thank you. Good bye


I need a restaurant on the north side, [Italian] if possible.
Da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and serves Italian food.
Are they in the cheap price range? I'm kind of limited on funds.
Yes, they are. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at the moment. Can you give me their address, phone number, and postcode, please?
20 Milton Road Chesterton cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in finding an attraction that is also in the north.
What sort of attraction would you like it to be?
anything that is in the same area as the restaurant.
I have 4 attractions. 2 are swimming pools, 1 park and 1 boating attraction. Which do you prefer?
The boating attraction sounds like a lot of fun. How much do they charge to get in?
The entrance fee isnt available on line. 01223902091 is the phone number if you'd like to call them. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you give me the postcode?
The postcode for Riverboat Georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thanks. that is all.
Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I need a train to cambridge that leaves on saturday.
I need to narrow this down a bit. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by [10:30].
TR2503 can get you there by 09:07, can I help with anything else?
What is the price?
13.28 pounds. Do you need me to book it?
What's the departure time for that train?
05:39, 07:39, and 23:39
I am also looking for [mediterranean] food in the centre.
I can recommend la mimosa, it is in the expensive range.


Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before [10:45] too? Thankyou for your time.
I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?
No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.
I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN .
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?
Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?


Hello, I am looking for the closet hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is the closest hospital. They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge and their number is 01223245151. Is there anything further i can assist with?
Yes, I also need the postcode.
The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I assist you further today?
No. That is all. Thank you.
I am very glad to assist you today. Good bye!


I would like a nice place to dine in the south area.
[Frankie and Bennys] is a wonderful Italian restaurant in the south. It's expensive, but worth it. Homemade pasta and everything!
Can I please have their postcode and phone number?
Frankie and bennys is in postcode cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice museum to visit.
There's the [byard art] museum. It's in the same area and is free.
Thanks, what's their phone number and address?
They are located at 14 King's Parade. You can reach them at 01223464646. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Bye!


Hello, I heard Cambridge has some really awesome [Indian] restaurants so I'd love to try one of them please. An expensive one.
I have a number of indian restaurants available, do you want to go to a particular area of town?
I would love to dine in the west.
One of the best Indian restaurants in all of Cambridge - [Tandoori Palace] - is in the west. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 6 at [13:00] on tuesday. Thank you.
Your reference number is 991XH2UA . Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the expensive price range with a star of 3
I have two such hotels, one in the center and one in the south. Do yo have a preference?
I prefer something with free wifi. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse and prefer a hotel.
great, there is the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel. in the centre and south respectively.
Do those hotels have free parking?
Both of the hotels have free parking.
Thank you. That's all I need.
May I further help you with booking?
no that is enough for today
Enjoy your visit to Cambridge


Need a train leaving on Thursday [after 14:30]
I found 195 trains that match your prerequisites. What is your destination?
I am going to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.
Train TR3237 arrives at 17:27 and cost 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure how many seats I'll be needing yet.
Okay. Just call us back when you do.
Oh, I am also looking for an African restaurant in the [centre...North African], to be exact.
There aren't any in that particular area, do you have any alternative preferences?
Hmm, can you see if there might be an expensive restaurant that serves specifically "north african" food in the centre of town?
I apologize, but we are don't have any North African restaurants in this town at all. I do have an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Will that suffice?
No, if I can't get North African I'd really prefer something radically different. [Chinese], maybe?
How about the [Ugly Duckling]? They serve chinese food and are located in the centre of the city.
Okay. can you book me a table for 7 at [11:00] for Thursday?
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
Sure, can we try for [10:00] instead?
Booking for 10:00 was successful. Your reference number is XVUUCPBH . Is there anything else I can help with?
That will be all, thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'd like to visit an attraction called [the Cambridge Corn Exchange]. What can you tell me about it?
It is a theatre located in the centre on wheeler street.
Can you provide their full address please?
I'm sorry the full address isn't listed would you like there postcode and phone number?
No but I also need a hotel called [university arms hotel].
I was able to find university arms hotel located at regent street. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Before we do that, what type of attraction is the Cambridge Corn Exchange? I don't know too much about it.
They are on Wheeler street and phone is 01223357851


Hi I am looking for a train to arrive in Cambridge by [08:15].
Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford on Monday.
It look like the TR0532 is what you are looking for departing Bishops Stortford at 7:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 8:07. Would you like to book?
What is the price for that trip?
The fare is 10.10 GBP per ticket.
I need to make a booking for 2 people and can you find me a place to stay in the north?
I've booked your tickets for the 7:29 train from Bishops Stortford, reference ZHT6R80S . Can you give me more information about the type of hotel you'd like?
I need a cheap hotel with free parking.
There are 10 total hotels, do you have a preference for area?
I would prefer the hotel be in the north part of town.
City centre north b and b and Worth house are both guesthouses and located in the north. Would you like me to book one for you?
I don't need to book today, thanks. Can you get me the postcode of one of them? Oh, and please make sure the one you choose has internet!
The postcode for Worth House is cb41da and yes, it has internet!
I will go ahead an book at the [Worth House].
OK, great. will it be the same two people as on the train and starting on Monday? or do you have different needs for lodging?
Nope, same people.
I'd be happy to book that for you, what day will you be arriving on, and for how many nights?
1 person 5 nights please
Could you clarify if you need the reservation for 1 or 2 people please?
I need reservations for 2.
Okay let me see if I can book that for you.
Actually, I'm all set. Thank you! Bye!
Okay you sure you will not require a booking?


Hi there. Can you help me find a train schedule? I need to travel on Saturday.
Yes there are several trains leaving Saturday. Do you have a particular destination or departure time?
Yes, I'd like the train to leave after [08:30] and I'm going to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.
We have several options open to you, do you have a particular time you want to arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 08:30. don't really care about the arrival time
How about the one immediately after, at 09:17?
Sounds perfect. Can you give the details for that train?
Train TR4824 departs from London Kings cross at 6:17 and arrives in cambridge at 10:08. Would you like to reserve this?
How much will it cost?
It is 18.88 pounds per ticket
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the [cow pizza kitchen and bar].
That's a great restaurant. They serve gastropub food and are located in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. Can you book a table for 5 people at [13:45] on the same day? I would also like the reference number.
Absolutely! Your booking was successful and the reference number is SFAS5FEQ . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.
It's been my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.


I need to book a taxi to leave after [12:45] to go to [yippee noodle bar].
Great. And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the [Cambridge Punter].
I have booked a grey bmw for you. The contact number is 07619508724. Can I help you further today?
No, that will be all, thank you.
We are happy to be of help. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area.
You have your choice of La Margherita, which serves Italian food, or Thanh Binh, which offers vietnamese cuisine.
Let's go with [La Margherita]. Could you book a table for 2 people at [13:30] on Saturday?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes as long as its in the same area and price range. I need a reference number too then please
I was able to get you into Thanh Binh. Your reference number is CLIBOL1Q .
Okay that is all I need for now.
Thank you and goodbye.


Where can I find a [Vietnamese] restaurant in West Cambridge?
There is one vietnamese restuarant in the west area, [thanh binh]. Can I book a table for you, if so how many will be dining?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Thursday at [17:00].
It looks like that day and time are full. Is there another day or time slot you would like to try?
How about a table for 8 on Thurday at [16:00]
I was able to book the table for your party of eight at 16:00. The reference number is RLTOT7X2 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to go. I want to go to the museum and it should be in the west area.
There is a Museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue for free, and a Cambridge and Country Folk Museum located at 2-3 castle street for 3.50 pounds.There are also several free galleries in the area. Can I give you more information on any of these?
Just the postcode for the [Cambridge and Country Folk Museum], please.
The postcode is at cb30aq
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and the museum.
Is there a specific time you would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant or museum?
By [16:00] and I need the contact number and car type please.
I have successfully booked your taxi. You will be riding in a blue BMW. The company's contact phone number is 07883192583. Would there be anything else I could help with?
I want to make sure that it will arrive by 16:00. Can you please confirm?
I believe that will be the case. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all I need, thanks.
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hello! I'd like a train to Leicester, please. I want to arrive by [9:30].
What day would you be leaving?
I need to leave cambridge on tuesday.
The TR2863 leaves Cambridge at [07:21] and arrives in Leicester at [09:06], costs 37.80 pounds and has a travel length of 105 minutes. Shall I book it for you?
No, I just needed the information, thank you.
Ok have a safe trip.
Thank you for your assistance.
Your very welcome. Have a good day!


I want a [jamaican] food restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town. Do you have another cuisine or area preference?
Are there any [International] restaurants in the centre?
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, both moderately priced. Would you like their addresses?
I don't care.
May I recommend [Bloomsbury Restaurant] which is an International restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced?
What is the phone number and price range?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is moderately priced, and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180.
Thank you. That sounds good.
Thank you for using our system. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.


I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
What area would you like to stay? And do you have a certain pricerange?
No, price range in mind, but I would like it to be in the centre.
alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place
What type of accommodation is this?
The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is a guest house, in the center, with a four star rating, Wi-Fi, and parking.
book for 7 people and 2 nights starting from thursday and get the reference number
Booking was successful. Your reference number is WW2TM0V8 . Will that be all?
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge
Where will you be going to?
I have a business meeting in Ely. I definitely need to be on time, so I need a train that will arrive by [19:45].
TR1469 has the latest arrival time of 18:07. Would you like for me to book it?
No thank you. I just need to find out how much it is going to cost.
The cost is 3.52 pounds.


i want to book a taxi.
I can help with that! What time would you need the taxi, and where are you headed?
To [clare college] around [15:00], please
Where would you like to leave from?
From [hamilton lodge]. Can I get the car and contact number for that?
You taxi booking is a complete. A black Honda will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge by 15:00. Their contact number is 07421449332. Is there anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.
thank you for choosing us
Thanks again for the help. Have a great day.
Thank you, you too.


Hello, I'm trying to find info about a particular attraction in town called [adc theatre]. Can you help me?
Yes I can help you,I have locate adc theatre do you want the address?
Yes please, including the postcode. Is there an entrance fee?
Their contact number is 01223300085. It does not look like there is an entrance fee but I would call just to be sure.
Thanks! I also need a 4-star place to stay that has free parking.
I have found 5 matches that meet your criteria. How about the [acorn guest house]?
Sounds great,and I will take it!
Would you like for me to try and make a reservation?
On second thought, I'm actually looking for a hotel. Same criteria, but it needs to be in the moderate price range.
Acorn guest house is a great fit! Want more info?
What area is it in?
Acorn Guest House is at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like more info, or would you like to go ahead and book it?
Do you know the area the hotel is located in?
acorn guest house is in the North of town. Is there anything else?


Yes, I need information on the restaurant [Ali Baba].
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town. Their phone number is 01462432565.
Great, thanks. Could you book me a table for 1 on Saturday at [19:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 90ESSCNA . Anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you.
Thank you, have a good day!


I am looking for a train going to cambridge.
Sure, where are you departing from and what day?
I would like to leave Broxbourne on Tuesday.
Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
I'd just like to arrive by [16:45] please.
TR8361 will arrive in cambridge by 16:32 on Tuesday, does this suit your needs?
yes, please. I need the price and travel time.
The price is 17.90 pounds. The train leaves at [15:32] making the travel time one hour exactly. Is there anything else?
That is for TR8361?
Yes. TR8361 is 17.90 pounds. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I would like a ticket for one.
Your confirmation number is BAMJW6M2 . May I help you with anything else?
I think you've answered all of my questions! Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Call us again when you need to. We're always here!
Thank you for your help.
Not a problem. Have a good time!


Hi. I need help finding a hotel. Can you help me?
Yes, I can! First, do you have a particular area of town you are interested in?
No and it doesn't need internet or free parking. I would prefer a moderate price though.
In that price range, I have 3 different options for you. All are hotels. I have two in the north and one in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
Does one of those options come with free wifi?
The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge provides free wifi.
Lets try booking the [Ashley Hotel]. I need it for 2 people starting Monday for 3 nights please.
I was able to book your party of two into the Ashley Hotel for 3 nights starting on Monday. Your reference is X21XYR7K . Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to book a train. I need to depart from stevenage and go to cambridge.
What day and time will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday, anytime. The train will need to be booked for 2 people also.
I have train TR9175 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43. Would youlike to make reservations?
Yes please book it.
I booked it for you. Your reference number is V93OC1AL .
Great, how much is that ticket please?
That will be 12.80 pounds. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No thank you. That was all I needed. Good bye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I am looking for the restaurant, [De Luca Cucina and bar]. Where is it located in Cambridge?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, can you also confirm what kind of food these serve for me?
De Luca Cucina and Bar serves modern european food. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Sunday.
There are 10 trains. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave at [9:30am.]
There are no trains leaving at 9:30 but train TR2357 departs at 9:39. Will that be okay?
Actually can I change that to after [13:45] and may I also get the reference number please?
No problem. The TR6946 leaves at 15:39. Does that work?
That does work. Please book 1 ticket for me.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 94XBLTRF . Can I help you with anything else today?
Great that should be all I need thank you.
You are welcome. Have a great day.


Hello, I am looking for a [Hungarian] restaurant on the east side of town.
There are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like a different restaurant?
Yes, I'd like a [Chinese] restaurant in the east part of town.
yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east of town.
Please give me [Yu Garden's] address, phone number, and postcode.
01223 248882, and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P A
Thank you good bye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I'm looking for boating activities in town.
Certainly, we have several interesting boats. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I do not have a preference.
There's Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter. Would you like more information on any of these?
Yes, can you tell me the postcode for the [Riverboat Georgina], please?
Sure. It is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll do it for today. Thanks very much for your help!
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!


I'm looking for information on the [Leverton House] hotel.
The Leverton House is a guesthouse located on the east side of Cambridge. What information are looking for?
Perfect. I would like to book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry. I am unable to book your stay. Could you arrive on another day or stay for a shorter amount of time?
Can you please check for 3 nights at the same hotel for 3 people and can I have the reference number?
They don't have a room available for 3 nights either. Anything else you'd like me to try?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.
There are many attractions in the centre of town. Could you be more specific about what you're looking for?
I'd like to visit a museum if possible.
How about [Cambridge Contemporary Art], on 6 Trinity St? Entrance is free.
Sure. But I still need to book a hotel. Is there anything else available?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like the Leverton House will be able to accommodate you. How about [Allenbell] or [Autumn House]? They are in the same area and also inexpensive.
Can they accommodate 3 people for 4 nights? Also, what are their phone numbers?
I'm sorry both of those hotels are booked solid. Would you consider slightly more expensive accommodations?
Can you try 3 nights instead?
Both of them are booked solid for the days you requested. Would you like a hotel in a moderate price?
Yes let's try a different hotel.
Great. I was finally able to get you into the Autumn House staring Friday for 3 nights and 3 people. your booking reference is C5ARPTZ2 .
Do you have the phone number for Autumn House's front desk?
Sure. It's 01223575122. Anything else?
I'm also going to need a taxi, please.
Sorry about the confusion earlier. I was able to book your room at Leverton House for Friday, 3 nights for 3 people. The reference number is U5B3PHWC .
Okay. I'll need a taxi too.
I can help you with a taxi. Please tell me your departure and destination sites along with your time frame.
I want to leave the hotel by [22:00] to go to the Museum you mentioned.
A black skoda will pick up up at Leverton House at 22:00 and bring you to Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum. The contact number is 07697068185.
Awesome. Thank you for everything!
It was my pleasure. Goodbye!


I am looking for a train that leaves for leicester after [19:00].
There are 35 trains that arrive in Leicester. What day were you looking to travel and from where?
This would be on Monday departing from Cambridge.
The first train that fits your requirements leaves at 19:21. Would you like to book that train?
Yes please I am looking for the travel time, price, and train ID of that one.
Sure the trainID for the 19:21 train is TR5816, the travel time is 105 minutes, and tickets are 37.80 GBP each. Would you like to book a trip?
Not right now but I am looking for some places to go in town
What part of town would you like to visit?
A museum would be nice.
There are 23 different museums, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science might be worth a try, and it has no entrance fee.
Okay. May I have their address please?
Yes, it's address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The address for the Whipple Museum is free school lane.
Do you need any other information about Whipple Museum of the History of Science? Or any other information about Cambridge?
What area is the Whipple Museum in?
The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is located in the centre of town.
Okay, thank you. That is all I need for now.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.


Hi there, I'm looking for information on [Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop].
That restaurant is locates in centre and is on 40270 king street in city centre. Their phone number is 01223505015.
Sounds great. Can you reserve a table for 1 on Saturday at [13:00]?
Your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : A88AJSR3 .
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a cool place to visit in town, maybe a theatre?
We have five excellent theatres in town, located in the centre and the south.
Can you give me the address, phone number and postcode for one in the centre area?
[adc theatre] can be called at 01223300085. Their postcode is cb58as, and their address is park street. Anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
Sure, i can book a taxi for you. Where would you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the theatre.
I'd be happy to help with your request, what time would you like picked up?
I will need to arrive at the restaurant by [13:00].
Your all set a grey bmw will be picking you up the contact number is 07421029087, anything else today?
what time will the taxi arrive?
13:00 can i do anything else ?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Have a safe trip. Goodbye.


Okay I'm looking for a restaurant today.
Sure, what are you in the mood for?
I just want something cheap.
What area are you looking to dine in?
I'd like something in the west please.
There is an italian or vietnamese restaurant that meets your criteria, do you have a preference?
What is the [Italian] place?
The italian restaurant is called [La Margherita]. They are located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes I will have four guests total.
And on what day and time would you like the reservation?
I would like to check in on the same day.
And what time would you like to dine?
[18:30] on Sunday please.
your set, reference # is 6MMV9XTU, anything else for you today?
I also need a taxi. It should arrive at the restaurant by [18:30].
what is your destination?
As I just said, at the restaurant by 18:30. Can I please get the car type and reference number?
I will get that information for you.
Thank you, I'll wait on your response.
Great, where should I send the car?
Sorry, before a taxi I need a place to stay. I need it to include free parking & be in same area as the restaurant.
What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter. I need a place that included free wifi as well.
[alexander bed and breakfast] meets your criteria, shall I make a reservation?
Yes, I need a room for 4 nights beginning on sunday.
How many people will be staying at the hotel?
4 please, for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.
I have made the reservation and your reference number is NREAFG7R.
Can you help with a taxi?
Okay I got you a grey Audi that will pick you up from the Alexander and their contact number is 07649834873. .
Thanks. I think that's all I need help with today. Have a great day!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


Could you please be kind enough and get me information on the [autumn house]?
The autumn house is a guest house on the east side. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a reservation, please. If it could start on Monday, that would be great!
How many day are you looking to stay?
There are five of us staying for 5 days
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JN71E8UP .
Thanks so much. I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the center.
We have about 33 restaurants that fit that description.. is there any particular type of food you'd like?
how about [persian] food?
There are no expensive persian restaurants in the centre of town.
Ok, well thank you for trying. Can you see if there is anything with the same criteria but for [italian] food?
There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
That is great, can you book me please for [12:00] for 5 people on Monday?
Sure. Does [Clowns Cafe] sound good?
Yes, it does. Can you book it? I need a reference number please
Your reference number is LYZVMZ7D . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help!
My pleasure. Enjoy your visit.


Yes please. Can you tell me where Addenbrookes Hospital is?
Addenbrookes is located on HIlls Rd, Cambridge. Do you also need the postcode or phone number?
I need the address, phone number, and postcode.
Their postcode is CB20QQ and phone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
Do you have their full street address?
Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge
Thank you for your help
You're welcome! Is there anything else we can help you with today?
That was all. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a place called [riverside brasserie]
Riverside Brasserie is a modern European restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
No, that is ok. Could you give me the phone number, though and I will take care of it.
01223259988 is the phone number
Thanks! I also need a train from Norwich on Thursday.
There are several trains departing Norwich on Thursday. Is there a specific time you are looking to depart?
leaving on thurs from norwich going to cambridge and I need to get there by [13:00]
okay the TR3078 arrives by 12:35.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye
Have a great time in Cambridge. Goodbye.


Yes. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
[Indian], please.
[meghna] is an indian restaurant. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. And also the address.
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Have a nice day!


Help me find a moderate priced [british] food place please.
restaurant [one seven] is a nice place. Do you want to book?
Not at this time. Could I just get the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223337766. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Is that restaurant in the Centre?
Yes, restaurant one seven is located in the centre.
Perfect, could you just tell me their phone number?
The phone number is 01223337766
I also need a train from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday to arrive by [12:30].
TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives at 11:52. Will this one work for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people
I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need it for 8, as I said. Do you have the reference number?
Your reference number is T790DS3O and the total fee is 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station.
Actually, I need to change my reservation. I need the train to arrive by 11:30 instead.
We will have to start over now.
Yes, sorry. Tuesday, leaving Ely and getting to Cambridge by [11:30].
Your updated train is now TR4669. Your new reference number is 2T4NNGG9 . The total fee remains the same. The train departs at 09:35 and arrives at 09:52. Anything else?
No, that should be all. thank you very much.
you are welcome any time
Okay, well I suppose this is goodbye then.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


I'm trying to find more information on a particular hotel called the [Alexander bed and breakfast].
it is located at 56 saint barnabas road. you can call them on 01223525725
i want to book it for 2 people and two nights starting monday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KCD8Q2CX .
Thanks. That's just what I needed.
great, is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located on the west side.
Is there a certain type of food you would like?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?
I would recommend [Saigon City]. It is expensive but a great Asian oriental restaurant located on the north side of Cambridge. Do you want more information?
That sound great. Can you book it for us for [18:00] on Monday?
Your table is booked! The reference number is CGWD9SO1 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all.
have a wonderful trip!


I am looking for the nearest hospital.
Ok Addenbrookes hospital is located at Hills Road, Cambridge. Do you want the phone number?
Yes, please. And the postcode.
The phone number is 01223245151. Postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all for now. Thank you!
welcome. at your service next time
Does the hospital have the truama and [orthopaedics] department?
Yes, the hospital definitely does have such a department. Would you like the information?
Yes, please. the postcode address, and phone number.
Certainly. The phone number is 01223245151, the address is Hills Road, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ
Awesome. Thank you so much.
Should I book it for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Hope everything is okay!


Yeah, hey, where do I find Addenbrookes Hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, I just need the general postcode and phone number.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Great, thanks a lot!
Can I help you with anything else?
No problem. Enjoy your day!
You're welcome. I hope you have a great day also.


I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing the local tourist attractions.
Cambridge is a great place for that. There are 79 total attractions, any type of attraction or area in mind?
Well first I'll need a place to stay. Are there any 4-star hotels in the west with free parking?
There are a few, do you know what price-range you are looking for?
Do those hotels have internet?
Yes, they all have free wifi.
I'm looking for a museum in centre. What do you recommend?
We have dozens of museums here, but there are a few that are not free to enter, do you want to go to a free one?
I don't care about the entrance fee. Can you recommend a good museum and give me the postcode and phone number?
Sure. I recommend the [Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology]. The phone number is 01223333516 and postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi from the museum please.
Please give me information on when you want to leave and arrive.
i want to leave the hotel by [12:15], get contact number and car type
I can help with that. First would you like to book a hotel?
Yes, please book it
There are 3 hotels in the west with free parking and 4 stars. What price range are you looking for?
I'm not looking for any particular price range. I need the postcode and please let me know if they have internet?
[Finches] has wifi and a postcode of cb30nd
Ok. I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 12:15.
Certainly. I have you booked leaving the hotel at 12:15. The vehicle is a Black Tesla and the contact number is 07302617458.
That sounds great. Thank you for your help.
Was that everything you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Have a nice day.
You as well! Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today.


I am looking for a place to dine in the west.
Yes I have many restaurants to choose from in the west. Do you have a price range preference?
Yes I would like it to be expensive.
There are nine restaurants available. Do you have a food type preference?
No preference on type.
graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.Would you like the address ?


I am excited to be coming and would love to find an expensive [mexican] restaurant.
Then you want [chiquito restaurant bar] on the southend! Would you like me to book you a table?
Not right now, but could you give me their phone number and postcode?
I'd love to. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17dy.
What area is that in?
it is in the south area.
Are there any architectural attractions near there?
There are no architecture attractions in the south.
What about something for entertainment?
Sure, most people love [Tenpin], located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, postcode cb17d.
What is their phone number?
08715501010 Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also help me book a taxi
Certainly, were would you like the taxi from?
I want to leave the [Tenpin] by [17:15] to go to the [Chiquito restaurant].
How many passengers will there be?
It will just be me, so one.
You are booked for a grey Toyota. The taxi contact number is 07123501809. Do you need help with anything else?
Could I get a phone number for the restaurant please?
You can reach them on 01223400170
that's all i need thanks
Glad I could help, have a good day.


Do you know what this city might have in entertainment venues?
There are two entertainment venues in the east, two in the south and one in the west area of town. Do you have an area preference?
I don't care about the area. If you were me, which one would you enjoy the most?
I would pick whale of a time in the west, located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill, postcode cb238el. It is always an adventure there!
Is there a place to stay with a moderate price range and free parking?
Which area and type of lodging do you prefer?
I'm looking for a place that is moderately priced and has free parking.
The [Acorn Guest House] is a great little 4-star place on the north side. They're moderately priced and have free parking and internet. Would you like a room there?
That is all the information I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Wait! I do want the hotel reservation. Can you book it for me on Thursday for 4 nights for 4 people?
Your room at the Acorn is booked, ref#94RRN05R . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all the info I need. I'm sure of it this time ha ha. Thank you!
you're welcome to use our services anytime


Could you help me with planning my trip? I need a train for Wednesday.
I can definitely help you with that. Which station will you be leaving from and arriving?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to the Stansted Airport.
What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by [18:45].
How about train TR1610? it arrives by 06:08
Great, thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me with that?
Would you like to eat in Cambridge or by the airport?
An expensive restaurant that serves awesome [australian] food. If not I guess [indian] will do.
There are Australian restaurants in the area however there are 22 Indian restaurants. Is there an area of town you prefer?
I don't care what area of town it's in, but if there's no Australian places, one of the [Indian] restaurants will do. Pick your favorite and give me their contact info?
I think you would the Curry Prince. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223566388.
One more thing - can I get the postcode for the [Curry Prince]?
Sure. The postcode is cb58jj. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!
It was my pleasure. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.


Hello, I'm looking for the [museum of classical archaeology], could you tell me more about it?
Certainly, the museum of classical archaeology is located at sidgwick avenue and has free entrance, phone 01223335153. Do you also need the postcode?
Yes, I'd like that. Thank you so much!
The postcode for the Museum of Classical Archaeology is cb39da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


expensive [mediterranean] restaurant please
[La mimosa] is an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the centre part of town. Would you like their location?
What is the phone number and postcode?
The phone number for La Mimosa is 01223 362525, and the postcode is CB58AQ.
Thank you good bye.
thank you for using our system. good bye
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system and have a great day!


Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
Is there a certain side of town you would like to stay on?
No preference in area, just need to make sure that it also has wifi.
i have 14 results matching your criteria. how many star rated should it be?
No preference on star rating. It needs to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse. What do you recommend?
I'd recommend [ashley hotel]. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to stay starting on Saturday. It will be for five nights and eight people.
Your reservation has been made. Reference number is P1FII4X8 .
Thanks! I also need a train departing Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Thursday. I want to arrive by [11:15]. Can you help?
TR7618 arrives at 10:58. Is that okay for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 8 people? And can I get a reference number to give everyone? Thanks!
I was able to book you for 8 tickets. The reference number is : VBE2BLHO . Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!


I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?
Can you tell me more details? Allenball is a 4 star guesthouse for a great price.
Is that on the west side of town? I like the 4-star guesthouse idea, but I need it to be moderately-priced and on the west side.
I have nothing on the west side can I check another area?
Hmm. I think I should stay on the west, is there maybe a cheap option available instead?
The [finches bed and breakfast] is a cheap option in this area.
okay sold! book it for 5 nights for 2 on tuesday, and I need the ref # too please
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is OAOWJ7FF . Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a great place to visit that is located near the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?
There are many colleges and museums in the west part of the city, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Doesn't matter. As long as I receive the address and post code as well.
I would suggest Magdalene College. It is located on Magdalene Street and the post code is cb30ag.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to go from [Magdalene college] to the hotel. I want to leave the college by [03:45]
A grey skoda will pick you up at Magdalene College at 03:45 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. The driver's contact number is 07909322670.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need.
You're welcome! Enjoy your time in cambridge!


I am looking for a hotel named,"the [lensfield hotel]".
can I check availability for you?
Yes and I will need to know their postcode, if they have internet, and what type of hotel they are.
The Lensfield is an expensively-priced 3 star hotel on the south side of town. They provide free Internet and parking, and they're located at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Thank, I also want to dine at a restaurant in the same area with an expensive price range.
What kind of food?
i want some [italian] food.
[Frankie and Bennys] has some really yummy food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 people on Monday night. Are there any available?
There are tables available for 8 on Monday night. What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation at [17:30].
Your reservation was successful. It will be available for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LOSDRFUO .
Great! Thank you! I think that is all that I need today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I would like a train going to kings lynn.
The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58. Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after [17:30].
Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.
What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday
Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.
I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y . You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking. I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.
Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking. Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.


I need a hotel in Cambridge that is a 4 star and has WiFi
Based on your request I found the [University Arms Hotel] is available.
Is that located in the west? I also need free parking.
It is in the west and it does include parking. How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights starting from saturday. Also book it for 5 people.
I have booked the hotel starting Saturday for 5 people for 2 days. The reference number is 18OADQCC . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you also find me an expensive [indian] restaurant?
The curry garden is an expensive restaurant located in the centre of town. Do you want me to book a table?
Actually I would like a place in the same area as the hotel, if possible.
There are 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west, tandoori place, cocom, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house, do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the [Maharajah Tandoori]. Could you give me their phone number and postcode?
Of course, the phone number is 01223358399 and the post code is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice trip! Goodbye!


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side. Can you recommend anything with at least 2 stars?
The Ashley and the Lovell Lodge are both 2-star hotels on the north side. Both are in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on one of those?
Do either of them have free parking. Are they a type of hotel?
Yes, both are hotels with free parking. Would you like me to book one of them?
No thank you but can you give me the address and phone number for [Lovell Lodge].
Sure their address is 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!


Hello, I am looking for a [thai] restaurant on the north side of town.
unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north, do you want to change an area to look for ?
how about west area? i also want the address, phone number, and price range?
sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west. their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, it there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal.


I want to see a boat
which side of town do you prefer?
No specific area. What do you recommend?
There are 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest the Riverboat Georgina. It is located in the north. Would you like more information on it?
Yes please. I'd like to know the postcode and if there is an entrance fee.
The post code is cb43ax but I am uncertain of the entrance fee.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a moderately-priced guesthouse with free parking.
I would like to recommend the [A and B Guest House], which is moderately priced.
Sure. Thank you. I want to book the hotel for 2 nights starting on Friday with 5 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BKEHHLRA . Anything else I can help with?
That will be all, you made my day, they need to give you a raise.
LOL, well, Thank you! I hope you have a great stay!
Thanks! You've answered all my questions and I think you do deserve a raise!
Thank you so much.


When i I get to Cambridge I need to know where to find a restaurant called [frankie and bennys].
Frankie and Bennys is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.
Ok I need to book a reservation for 3 people at [18:00] on Tuesday, I will need a reference number as well.
Okay you're all ready to go for Tuesday at 18:00. Your reference number is V6R6J5J2 . Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train that leaves from Leicester on Tuesday also.
I have 6 trains leaving after your reservation starting on the :09 of the hour from 19:09 to 23:09. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need a train bound to Cambrige that arrives by [13:45].
The latest train we have leaving from Cambridge to Leicester leaves at 11:09 on Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 12:54. Departure times begin at 5:09 and occur every hour.
The 11:09 train would be fine. I need 3 tickets and a reference number, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E1IVJM0G .
Great thank you for your help you have been great to deal with.
Thank you so much. greatly appreciated.'
Thank you for your help.
Have a great day.


Hi, can you please give me information on the restaurant [The Gardenia]?
The Gardenia serves cheap mediterranean food in the city centre. Would you like the address, or have me book you a table?
I'd like a table for 4 on Monday please.
What time will you be dining?
We'll be dining at [15:30]. Please send the reference number once you're done.
Your reference number is KIXYYGY0 . Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Can you help me book a train to cambridge?
What is your destination and departure location?
I will leave from Stevenage and head to Cambridge.
I have a number of trains leaving from stevenbridge to cambridge on friday. Do you have a time preference?
Yes, can you book tickets for 4 on a train that arrives at or just before [11:30]?
ok its book reference # is ZJXDBRKW
Great that's all I needed help with today, thank you.
Thank you for using our service today!


I need to find out about guesthouses in the north part of the city.
I can help with that. What price range were you looking for?
As long as it is 4 star, I'm not really worried about the price.
There are about 8 different ones. Most of them offer both free parking and wifi. I can recommend one if you like.
I would like free wifi. Could you find me rooms at one, four nights for 2 people, beginning Saturday?
Reference number is : DPFNET0I . is there anything else I could help with ?
Yes, I'm also looking for a [North African] restaurant.
I don't have a North African restaurant right now, is there another cuisine that appeals to you?
no i cant change the type of food
Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
are there any expensive restaurants? in the same area as the hotel?
What kind of cuisine do you want?
I'm fine with anything as long as it's expensive and near the hotel area.
There are 5 results for expensive restaurants in the north, would you like to make a reservation? The choices are Chinese, European, French or Asian oriental.
Let's do [chinese] food, please.
How about [The Hotpot] chinese restaurant? It meets all of your criteria.
Sounds great. Could I please book a table for the same group of people at [19:45]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 05JKM1ZF.
Thank you. Goodbye
Thanks for using our services, enjoy your day.


I would like to reserve a taxi from [rosa's] bed and breakfast.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arive by [23:00].
Got it. And what is your destination please?
I will be going to [cityroomz].
I have confirmed you booking, a yellow volvo will pick you up.
What is the contact number, please?
The contact number is 07854319661.
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help.
Thank you. Is there anything else


Hello! I'm looking for information on [Restaurant One Seven].
Sure, restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, could you book me a table for 3 people on Tuesday at [14:15].
Unfortunately there is nothing available for Tuesday at 14:15. Would another time or day work for you?
Can we try the same day for [13:15]?
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 98OLERPX . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help you find a hotel that you might like.
Thanks, I'm looking for something in the east and have 4 stars.
There are several guesthouses in that area. Is there a price range you would prefer, or maybe free wifi or parking?
Actually, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.
There are no hotels in that area, just guesthouses. Would you like me to try a different area?
No, I guess a guesthouse will be fine. Can you book a room for me for Thursday?
Will the [Carolina bed and breakfast] be alright?
Yes, sounds perfect. I want to book it for 4 nights. There will be 8 people and we will be arriving on Thursday.
Okay, great. The booking was successful! The reference number is LG0RKIGF . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am also looking for a train. The train should depart from ely and should go to cambridge.
I'll need to get some additional information from you to narrow down the results. What day do you want to travel and what time do you want to leave?
I wasn't to arrive by 15:45.
Train leaves at 5:35 and cost 4.40 pounds


I would like a restaurant that serves [brazilian] food
There are no restaurants matching that description. Would you like a different type of food?
[Korean] might work. Are there any of those?
[Little Seoul] serves Korean food. It's an expensive restaurant that is located in the city centre.
May I have the telephone number?
The number is 01223 308681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye


Could you help me find a restaurant in the Cambridge area called [La Margherita]?
Yes, I can help with that, La Margherita is in the west of Cambridge, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation on thursday at [19:30] for 4 people?
I'm sorry that time and and day is not available at La Margherita, would you like to try an alternative day or time?
How about [18:30] then?
Your table has been booked for 18:30 and your reference number is: 5KN7WD73 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a very expensive hotel with 3 stars can you help me find one?
There is 1 in the center and 1 in the south. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer one with free wifi included. Do either of the hotels offer free wifi?
The Gonville hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel and offers internet.
Could you please give me the hotel phone number? I also need to know what type of hotel it is and the area it is in.
Of course, the Gonville Hotel is a hotel in the centre area and the phone number is 01223366611, would you like any more information or to book a room?
Does the hotel have a restaurant attached to it?
I do not have that information available. Would you like me to call them and ask?
No thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
is there any restaurant close to the Gonville Hotel?
The Gonville is in the Centre and La Margherita is in the west. Are you wanting to dine somewhere else?
what kind of hotel is it? Can I have their number?
The Gonville is a standard hotel. Their contact number is 01223366611.
That's all I need for now.
OK, great, I'm glad I was able to help you out!


Can you tell me about [cineworld cinema]? I'd like a train into Cambridge on Thursday leaving around [09:00] also. I'll be leaving from Stratford. What is the fair? Thank you.
OK, one at a time. Cineworld Cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, in the south part of town.
Can I have the postcode and phone number, please?
The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 00872208000. Now, let's check on that train.
Thank you. Again, I will be leaving from Stratford around 09:00 going to Cambridge and I would like to know the fair also.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Would you please restate your requirements?
Forget the train for now, I need a 3 star guesthouse.
The [alpha-milton guest house] is located in the north with postcode cb41xa and is 3 stars. Its phone number is 01223311625. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, please book it for me.
Can you tell me what day you are wanting to start your stay?
Actually I don't want to book yet, I just am looking for the postcode and area of a guesthouse with 3 stars and moderately priced.
The Alpha-Milton guesthouse is a 3 star guesthouse located in the north.
Great. Can I have the postcode for the Aplha-Milton guesthouse?
Certainly. The postcode is cb41xa. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for everything! Thats all I needed.
You are all set, have a good time.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great stay.


I need to find an attraction to visit in town.
There ar lots of choices. Were there any attractions in particular you are looking for?
Yes, I would like a college type of attraction please.
Sure! I'd suggest Christ's College in the Centre on Saint Andrew's Street. It has free entrance. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work I need the postcode and address please.
Postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant. [Portuguese], if possible.
Okay we have two, nandos and nandos city centre. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one in the South.
Nandos is the way to go, then. I've heard wonderful things about their food, too, so I think you'll be pleased. Would you like to reserve a table?
No reservation is needed yet, but can I please get the phone number and address please?
Their phone number is 01223327908, and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Great thanks. I think thats really all I need today. Take care. Goodbye.
It was my pleasure to assist you. Have a good evening.


Can you help me find a place called [Hughes Hall]?
Yes, they are located in the centre on wollaston road, postal is cb12ew and phone is 01223334898. Is there anything else that I can assist with?
What part of town is it located in? Are there any restaurants in that area?
Hughes Hall is located in the centre. There are a lot of restaurants in that part of town. Are you interested in a particular type?
Can I have the address and phone number? I also need a train leaving Sunday and arriving by [21:00]
The address for Hughes Hall is Wollaston Road. The phone number is 01223334898.
Thanks. I also need a train for Sunday.
Okay, what is your destination and arrival preference?
I need to go to cambridge from kings lynn.
I have train TR6368 leaving at 6:11 and arriving at 6:58. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that train, for 7 people. And may I get a reference number for the booking? Thanks.
sure thing your ref # is 7RBUS3T6, anything else today?
No thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye
I am glad to help have a nice stay


I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderately price range that includes free parking.
what about the bridge guest house
Okay, does it have 4 stars and does it include free wifi?
No, unfortunately it only has 3 stars. I do have a guesthouse called Limehouse that is 4 stars. It comes highly recommended.
Just to be clear is Limehouse also moderately priced with free parking and wifi?
Yes that is correct.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please?
01223353888 is the number cb41da postcode. Address is 154 chesterton road
Thank you. Can you also help me find a train?
why sure where are you departing from where are you going and when?
Cambrdige to liverpool london street, leaving after [08:15] on sunday
There is a [09:59] that would arrive by 11:27. Does that work?
Yes, can you give me the travel time and the price of a ticket?
The travel time for TR0995 is 88 minutes and the ticket price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket (or tickets) for you?
No. Thank you that will be all for today. Goodbye
I am glad to help have a nice stay


I'm looking for a medium priced [Chinese] restaurant.
Alright we have a few of those. Any preference on the area?
I would like it to be in the North please.
The [Golden Wok] is in the North and moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
That sounds perfect. Can you please book a table for 7 at [12:30] on Monday? I'll need a reference number as well.
I have booked it and here your information,Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : A776MGRF .
Thanks. Now please book me a train departing from London Kings Cross on Monday
Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge. Is there any way I can get a train that will arrive by [09:00]?
Sure I have train TR9276 arriving at 08:08 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that would be great.
Would you like me to book this for you? I will need to know how many total people will be traveling.
Yes I need 7 tickets please.
You are booked, the reference number is C33Q5D2G, the total fee is 196.2, any further questions today?
That's it. Thanks very much for your help today.
Thank you for choosing to work with us. I hope your experience has been pleasurable. Have a good evening.


Hi, I'm planning a visit to the south of Cambridge and am looking for a bed and breakfast.
Rosa's bed and breakfast on 53 roseford road is inexpensive and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it a type of guesthouse and is it in the south?
[r[osa's ]bed and breakfast]
That sounds good. Can you book it for 3 people to stay 5 nights on tuesday?
Yes, sir, we have the booking all completed for you. That was Five days starting Tuesday, for three people. Is that correct?
Yes, but I do need the reference number, please. I'm also looking for a [sri lankan] restaurant in the south.
The reference number is 7AAVA5YO
Thank you for the reference number, how about the sri lankan restaurant in the south? Any luck finding one?
I'm sorry there are no results for a sri lankan restaurant in the south. Would you like to change some criteria, such as area or cuisine?
yes I found it and it was great
I apologize but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in south Cambridge. Would like to explore another area?
Nah, I'd like to stay in the same area as the hotel. Let's try a [Portuguese] restaurant instead.
You're in luck. We do indeed have a Portuguese restaurant in that area. The name is [Nandos]. Would you like a reservation?
No but could I get the postcode, address and phone number please?
Absolutely. The postcode is cb17dy, the address is at Cambridge Leisure Park in Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223327908.
Can I also get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I'd like to leave the hotel by [5:30], please.
Yes I got you a taxi. It is a grey Volkswagen whose contact number is 07956461934.
Sounds great. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a good day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north part of town. It is in the cheap price range.
I'm not interested in that choise. Is there anything else within those categories?
how about da vinci pizzeria? a cheap italian place in the north ?
I would like the phone number and address of [da vinci pizzeria]
no problem, its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you. Good Bye.
thank you, goodbye.


I'm looking for a train leaving from cambridge and going to norwich.
The next train leaving from Cambridge to Norwich is on Friday at 5:36 and will reach it's destination at 6:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thatnk you but may I have the train ID?
Yes the train ID for this journey is TR2534 and the length of the journey will be 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I actually need one leaving on Saturday at that time.
Okay, train: TR6866 leaves at that time on Saturday. Did you want to book a ticket?
No thanks. I need information on an attraction called [williams art and antiques]
Williams art and antiques located at gwdir street, no. 5 dale's brewery the entrance fee is free.
What type of attraction is it?
It is a museum. And there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves [Irish] food.
I'm sorry, there is not restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant that serves [british] food. Can I have the phone number please?
How about Graffiti, they serve British food and are in the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223 352500.
Perfect! Thanks, good-bye!
You're welcome. Good bye.


Can you please tell me how to get to the [Curry King] restaurant please?
Curry King restaurant is located in the centre of town, address 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, postcode cb21ug.
Could I please get a table booked for 1 person on Sunday at [20:00]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : PQ0VC3CL . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, yes, I also need to find a train. I'd like to leave on Monday, departing from Cambridge.
Might I ask if you had a destination and arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive at birmingham new street by [11:30].
Fantastic, there are five options available to you, all priced at 75.10 pounds. They leave a minute after the hour every hour, starting at 5 am. Which would you prefer?
I'll take the third train. For one person, and I need the reference number.
Hello, the reference number for your booking is B6OKTGHX .
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!
Thank you for using our system!


I'm looking for [Holy trinity church].
It's on Market Street the postcode is cb23nz and their phone number is 01223355397. Is there anything else you would like to know about this attraction?
No, I think you gave me everything, thanks!
You're certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay that has free wifi, but doesn't need to have free parking.
We have many options available to you that may suit you is there a particular part of town that you would prefer?
No, surprise me! Just has to be cheap and a hotel.
[The Cambridge Belfry] would suit you. It's in the west and is cheap. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do you know if they offer free parking?
Yes they do.
Please book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting tuesday.
Okay, your reference number is : VNH1WIJB . Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel to the [Holy trinity church]. I want to leave the hotel by [21:30].
Okay, I've booked you a black bww and its contact number is 07157659853. Is there anything else?
That should be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you goodbye.


Hello, I need to find a cheap hotel that has free parking in Cambridge
We have a ton of those! Are you interested in a particular area of town?
I don't care about a particular area, but I would like a guesthouse.
There are 9 different guesthouses that fit that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Can you pick one you know is a good place to stay and book it for 7 people staying 4 nights starting Monday?
You're all set at the [alexander bed and breakfast]. Your reference number is 5X64UYIN . Anything else I can do for you?
Is there any good attractions in the south, you'd recommend?
There are 8 choices, any preference for type?
Do you happen to have any colleges to visit?
Not in the south, I'm afraid. Would you like a different type of attraction?
Yes, I would. Perhaps a theatre or cinema?
Yes, I have found Cineworld Cinema that is in the south area. Their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get their entrance fee, as well?
we don't have that information available.


I'm looking for museums
I can recommend a museum for you. First, was there a particular area of town you wanted to visit?
I am open to suggestions on the location.
The cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west of town.
Can you recommend an [Italian] restaurant in the centre as well?
Do you have a preference for the price range?
I am on a tight budget so would prefer something in the cheap price range.
[zizzi cambridge] is in the cheaper range, how does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday at [18:45]?
I was unable to book at that time. would you like to try another time?
Yes, can you try to book at [17:45]?
Booking was successful, the reference number is FDCBUD77 the table will be held for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
I think that is all I need, thank you. Good bye.
I'm happy we were able to help you today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for [Italian] food on the south side of the city.
Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
No preference, please.
I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which is in the moderate price range and Frankie and Bennys which is in the more expensive price range. Which would you prefer?
I'll pass on the Pizza Hut. Yuck. Let's go with [Frankie & Benny's]. Can I get a table for 1 on Sunday at [12:15] please?
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is C6EU44QQ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I wanted the reservation for 12:15, is that what you booked for me?
Yes, you have a reservation for 1 person, at 12:15 on Sunday, at frankie and bennys. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Great! Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with anything else.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking
You can try [alexander bed and breakfast]
Is it in the east?
No. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house are guesthouses in the east in the cheap price range. All have 4 stars.
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZC6VCAWB .
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You're welcome. Good bye.


Hello, we are planning on visiting Cambridge and would like to inquire about lodgings. Can you find a place with free wifi and a rating of 4 stars?
Sure, do you have an area of town you prefer?
Any type is fine, I just would like it to have free parking as well.
Ok the [alexander bed and breakfast] is a four star guesthouse in the centre area would you like me to book it for you
Yes, for 8 people. 2 nights starting from friday. Include reference number.
I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is 7JY9OB7P . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a train. I would like it to arrive by [14:30]
There are over a thousand trains arriving by 14:30 where are you departing from and going?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.
The train TR0601 will suit your needs. May I book that for you?
I'd like to book it for 8 people, yes.
Okay, you're booked with reference number 1KXLNMFR . May I help with something else?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Goodbye!
Goodbye! Have a great day.
You too.
its been a pleasure serving you


I would like a [mediterranean] restaurant, and I don't care what part of town it is in.
Are you looking for something more or less expensive?
The price range does not matter.
[la mimosa] is a nice Mediterranean restaurant in the centre.
That sounds good. May I have their phone number?
La Mimosa's phone number is 01223 362525. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
You are very welcome. Have a nice day, goodbye.


Hi, I want to eat at an expensive [seafood] restaurant in Cambridge. Where can I go?
Lock [Fyne] is en expensive seafood restaurant located at 37 trumpington St.
I would like to book a table for Sunday
Okay. How many people will be dining with you?
It will be just myself at [11:45] for the booking.
Ok! Your table is booked for 11:45 on Sunday. Your reference number is V0ERUE79 . Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need help with?
I would also like to find some place to go in the south of town.
I have a wide variety of places. A cinema, museum, nightclub and entertainment. Is there a certain one you are interested in?
A nightclub sounds like fun. Recommend one please
Sure, how about "[the place]". It is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number and postcode?
Sure thing the adddress is 22 sidney street and the post code is cb23hg.
I also need a cab by the booked time, contact number and car type please
Where are you departing from and going to?
The cab has to pick me up from the restaurant to the nightclub.
What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
Actually, I'm confused. I apologize. I'll need a taxi that will take me from the nightclub to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive by the booked time for the restaurant.
Booked car type is red skoda. Contact number is 07623852908. Anything else?
That will be all for today. Thank you so much. Goodbye
Have a good day. Goodbye.


I need a taxi to come to [broxbourne train station] by [21:15].
Sure! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from bankok [city].
Please confirm. Are you departing from broxbourne train station or bankok city?
To be picked up from bangkok city, must arrive at the broxbourne train station by 21:15. Please give me contact number and type of car as well.
Your booking is complete. A blue lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07268032250. Anything else?
That's all. Thank you very much.
You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can be any further help.


i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
There are 3 hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. Do you want free parking and what area do you want to stay in?
I'd like the accommodations to be a guesthouse, if possible.
I have found 14 different guesthouses for you. What area are you interested in? and will you be needing parking?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range with free wifi. Please let me know whether they have free parking.
The Avalon is a guesthouse at 62 gilbert road with free wifi but no parking. Would you like to book them or keep looking?
can you tell me what area that's in?
A and B Guesthouse is in the east


Can you find me a hospital with a [gastroenterology] department around here?
gastroenterology hospital phone number is 01223274284
Thank you, what is the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else?
That's all the information I was looking for today. Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Good bye.


I've been injured and I need a hospital. Where is the nearest one?
Addenbrookes Hospital is closest, located on Hills Rd, Cambridge
Thank you for your help
Do you want the hospital telephone number or a specific department?
The general phone number and postcode also please.
Telephone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that is all I need today.
Happy to help! Hope you feel better soon!


Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at?
Definitely - Cambridge has many guesthouses. Is there a particular area or price range you had in mind?
I do not have a preference.
Do you have a price range?
I do not have a price range in mind.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] comes highly recommended. It is located in the centre area and has a cheap price range, shall I book there for you?
Yes please for 2 nights starting from Sunday for 4 people. I will need a reference number.
Sure, I will work on booking that for you.
Did you get the reference number yet???
Your reservation for 4 at alexander bed and breakfast this Sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 1FDBJB3A .
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. I'll need the postcode for the attraction.
There are many places in the centre of town. Do you have any further preferences or would you like me to recommend one?
No preference. You pick.
[old schools] is my favourite. can i give you the details?
Yes I need their postcode.
Old Schools postcode is cb21tt. Will there be anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?
What is your destination?
I need to leave the attraction by [15:15] and arrive at the hotel.
Booking completed! Booked car type blue honda Contact number 07444279931
Have a nice day.
Thanks you have a nice day as well.
Thank you very much.
Ok, I have booked you a yellow volvo, contact number 07291792842, is there anything else you need?
That is all I needed thank you for your time.
I'm sorry can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.
You're welcome, glad I could help.


I need to find a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after [10:00] AM. Can you help?
Sure! Where are you departing from and what day do you want to travel?
I'm departing from Leicester and leaving on Monday.
I think the train that you need is TR0032. It leaves at 10:09 on Monday morning. Do you have any more questions?
I need to make a booking for two. How can I do that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VXQS41EF . anything else today?
I need a moderate priced Jamican restaurant.
i recommend [cotto]. phone-01223302010
Do they serve Jamaican food and is it in the Centre?
no they serve british food and they are at the centre
How about [Italian] food?
i have 9 places that serve italian food in the centre. i highly recommend [zizzi cambridge]. they are cheap but the food is great.
I only need their postcode please.
Their postcode is cb21ab. Anything else I can do for you?
No. That's all I need. Thank you.
your welcome, have a great day!


Hi, I am planning a trip and am looking for a particular attraction.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
It's called the [ADC theatre]. Can you tell me what area it's in?
Yes, I can. It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
I also need a restaurant.
I'll be glad to help you find one. What kind of restaurant do you have in mind and on what side of town?
In the east please.
We have 9 restaurants in the east. What kind of food would you like?
Expensive [Polunesian].
I'm sorry, I'm not showing any expensive polynesian restaurants in the east area of town. What about another type of cuisine or perhaps another area of town?
Can you try [indian] food please?
[sitar tandoori] is my all time favorite. can i book?
Yes please book for 1 person at [14:00] on monday.
I have booked you a reservation at the Sitar Tandoori for Monday at 14:00 for 1 person. The reference number is 5I0ZWPOT . Is that all today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the west side of town?
Certainly! There are two great restaurants that meet your criteria. The first in La Margherita and the second is Thanh Binh. Would you like more information on one of them?
Does it serve creative food?
Unfortunately, no. La Margherita is an italian place. And, Thanh Binh serves [vietnamese].
[Thanh Binh] would be perfect.
Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
yes, I want to book a table for 6 people at [12:00] on sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H0BFXWTP . Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you find me a train from ely that same day?
Where would you like to go to?
I would like a train to Cambridge, arriving by [09:45].
TR3207 will arrive by 07.51. Should I book it?
Yes, book that for 6 people. I would also like the reference number.
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 113.28 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is A5ZWGBQ3 .
thanks so much you have been very helpful
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge


Can you help me find a train leaving after [8:15] on tuesday?
Sure! Where would you like to go?
Cambridge, from bishops stortford.
The first train of the day leaves at [9:29] and then another departs every two hours.
The first train sounds perfect. Can you give me the train ID please?
Of course. The train id is TR0635. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, but, I need to find a particular hotel called [Arbury Lodge Guesthouse].
sure, their phone number is 01223364319
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
No problem, I have that room booked for you! Your reference number is going to be UYZISOD6 . Is there anything else that I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks for all of your help today
enjoy your stay in cambridge!


I'd like to find a 4 star guesthouse, please.
I have found 18 guesthomes that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other specifications you have about the guesthouse (area,price range,etc) that you would like to tell me?
I have to have free wifi
Sure, is there an area you prefer?
It does not really matter. It will be just me starting on Friday for 3 nights.
arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north. How does that sound?
Yes, book it for me please. Thank you.
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to shorten your stay or try another place to stay?
What attractions do you have in the south?
We have 8 types of attractions in the south? What type are you looking for?
Hmm, I'm not really sure. Do you happen to have any nightclubs? If not, what are my choices?
The Place is a great nightclub in the south, located at 22 sidney street, post code cb23hg. The phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a room that is close to the nightclub for atleast 1 night up to 3 nights?
The arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range.


What entertainment attractions are there in the east side of town?
The [Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds] is located on Cherry Hinton Road and is always a fun place. Does that interest you?
That sounds great. Can you give me their phone number?
Sure. Their number is 01223446104. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any information on their entrance fees?
Unfortunately, they haven't listed their entrance fees.
That's ok. I'll call them. Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
Are you looking to stay in the east? There are three moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses there.
What about 3 star places? And i need free parking.
I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you try a guesthouse withouth free parking?
I'm not finding any guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or stars?
So you can't find a moderately priced guesthouse with 3 stars and free parking anywhere in cambridge at all? Area doesn't matter. Please try again?
i cant find it anywhere. can we change the price range?
I know I have found places with those requirements before. I just don't remember the name. I really want to stay moderately priced with the 3 stars and parking.
There are no hotels matching your criteria in the East, but there are 3 hotels in the south, north, and west. Would you like to try one of those?
Ok,thanks anyway for your help
Are you sure you don't want me to check another area for you to stay?
Any moderately price guesthouse will work
I have the [hamilton lodge] located in the north.
Does it offer free parking? If yes, please book a room for 2 for 2 nights. We'll be checking in on Wednesday
your all set confirmation is EAD5DHHC . Anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all
thank you for using this service good bye


Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Kings Lynn and arriving at Cambridge by [20:15]
TR9102 arrives at 05:11
Does that train leave on Monday?
No, it does not. I apologize for the error. I do have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and will get you there by 19:58. Would this work for you?
Looks ok, but can I get the travel time and price before you book that?
The price is 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need to book that now but I would also like some information for [all saints church], could you help me with that?
Yes, what would you like to know?
Is it actually a church? I will need a phone number and postcode if possible.
The type is architecture, attraction that is. The post code is cb58bs. Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please. Thanks.
Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you find anything else today?
Nope that will be all! Thanks!
Great! Have a nice day!


Hi! Can you give me some information on the [Golden Curry] restaurant?
The golden curry is an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre of town. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That sounds great. I would like a table for 5 people at [19:00] on tuesday.
Unfortunately, that day/time are unavailable. Would you like me to try a different time or day?
Okay try [18:00] instead.
That time is available, so I've made your reservation. The reference number is OSHZUPSD . What else can I do for you?
That's all that I needed today, thanks!
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your meal.
Thanks, I will. Bye!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Bye!


Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called the [golden curry]?
The golden curry is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and located at Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223329432.
That sounds fine. Can you book it for 5 people at [13:00] this Friday?
There's no table available at 13:00. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes, can you try at [12:00] please?
The booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. You're reference number is OST7VJZE is there anything else you need?
I need to book a train too.
I would love to help find you the perfect train! Where will you be departing from and where will you be heading?
Yes, I'd like a train going to Cambridge and arriving by [09:30], please.
Where will you be departing from?
broxbourne. This is on friday, by the way.
Okay I only got you 1 ticket. Your reference number is G1DHVW6A . Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No thank you. I appreciate the help.
You are welcome. I was glad to assist you.
Please call again if you need more help.
Please call again if you need more help.


I'm hoping you can help me dig up some information about [darrys cookhouse and wine shop].
Certainly! Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the Centre of town at 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Thank you! What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223505015.
I also need their postcode, please.
Yes, of course It's postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south area, please.
I have several places to stay available in the south. What price range would you prefer?
I want something expensive.
It looks like the only expensive one in the south is The [Lensfield Hotel]. How does that sound?
Yes please book it for Tuesday for 4 nights and for 5 people.
I successfully booked your stay. Your reference number is 8HAW3UL8 . Can I do anything else for you?
thats all thanks
Great! If we can help you with anything else, please let us know. We hope you enjoy your stay!


I really need to find a hospital in town, can you help me?
I can. There are 66 different listings for medical services in the area. Did you need a specific department?
No, I don't need a specific department. Just the address and postcode for the hospital, please.
Sure thing, the address for Addenbrookes Hospital is Hills Rd, Cambridge. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?


I need help booking a train. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help. What day will you be travelling and from which station?
I would like to leave on Saturday from Liecester and arrive by [18:30].
I'm sorry, there are no trains leaving Liecester on Saturday.
I need a train to go from Leicester to Cambridge. This will be on Satruday. Please, look again.
Yes sorry there are some here but the earliest time I have leaving is at 19:09.
Yes, please give me the train id for one.
Sure, TR5790 is the train leaving at 19:09.
I'm also looking for an attraction in the Centre, what do you recommend?
what type of attraction do you want?
I don't know, let's say a museum. I need the address too.
castle galleries is quite nice, they are at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews st. Free admission too
Free is the right price tag for me. I appreciate all your help, that's it for today. Have a great day!
Glad I could help, have a great day.
You too and thank you for your help. I;m looking forward to a nice day.
That's wonderful! Bye for now!


I am looking for a train on sunday from cambridge.
TR7423 cambridge london kings cross sunday 05:00 05:51 18.88 pounds 51 minutes
Can you verify that it will arrive in stevenage by 09:00?
Ah, no, you will need another train to get to Stevenage. TR5390 leaves at 05:21 and TR3889 leaves at 07:21. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference I just need to arrive by [09:00]. Can you please provide me the travel time, departure time and price?
TR3889 departs at 07:21 and takes 49 minutes to arrive. The fee is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Reference number is : 8OHSGLQU . if u interested


Can you get me a taxi that will transport me to [scott polar museum] by [02:15]?
Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving the [graffiti].
I can have a black Honda pick you up, the contact number is 07290394135. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that settles everything. Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a good one!


Do you know where the Parkside Police Station is?
Hello, I can provide the post code for you; it is CB11JG. You can also call them at 01223358966 for more detailed directions.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
In case you need it, the address is Parkside, Cambridge.


I am looking for a hotel in the Cambridge area called the [limehouse].
The Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of Cambridge. They are a 4-star establishment and offer free parking and Internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Book for 2 people for 4 nights on thursday and I'll need the reference number too please
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Q5BKFIC3
Thank you. Can you find us some good eats, too? We'd like something moderately priced that serves [South African] cuisine.
I was unable to find anything matching that. Would you like to try again?
How about [African] food in general?
We have one restaurant, the [Bedouin]. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes please.
I would be happy to book a reservation for 2. What day are you looking at and time?
2 people for Thursday at [19:00] please
I have your table for 2 booked at the Bedouin. Would you like anything else?
I need the reference number too please.
The reference number is 0LG9G1BT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I need.
Okay, great! Enjoy your day.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 4
What area of town would you like?
preferably the north side of town or somewhere near a shopping center
Great, I have found several guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels in the north side that are rated 4 stars. Would you be interested in something like that?
I would prefer a hotel, is there one that has free wifi?
The University arms hotel sounds like something you'd like!
That sounds great. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Sure! The address is regent street and the postcode is cb21ad.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time


I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Certainly. Some of your options are: The Grafton Hotel Restaurant, the Pipasha restaurant, the Royal Standard, the Sitar Tandoon, and the Yu Garden.
So many choices. Can you just suggest one and give me the address, phone number and postcode?
How about Pipasha restaurant, they serve indian food, and their phone number is 01223 577786. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you very much!
Thank you, goodbye.


Can you help me find a train going to Broxbourne?
I can help you find a train but need more information. What day do you need the train and where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave on Saturday, leaving from cambridge, and I would like to arrive by [17:45].
Okay the TR8252 arrives by 17:45.
That will work. Can you book me 2 seats, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8RMLZ0N0 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, could you recommend a swimming pool in the centre?
Sure thing, this is the pool in the centre [parkside pools].
Ok that sounds like what we need
It is at Gonville Place. I'm not sure how much it is to enter the pool. 01223446100 is the phone number that could give you further information.
Could you give me the postcode, address please? Too bad it doesn't mention the entrance fee, but I will call them.
The address is Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. What else can I help you with today?
That is all. Thank you so much!
Thank you for using our service today!


Hi, I'm looking for a train that's departing Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.
I have the listings up for you, what date and time will you need that train?
I need to travel on Thursday, and I need to arrive by no later than 16:15.
There are 5 results, depending on when you want to leave. There is a train that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27, will that be ok?
Yes, that will work can you book that for me?
Yes I can book that for you. How many people will be needing tickets?
I need tickets for 8 people.
Your reference number is OWVUY7ZZ . The total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes, now that you asked, I really would like to check out some colleges in the centre
You're in luck, we have 13 colleges in the centre. May I recommend Christ's College for you? It has free admission.
could you please provide the address, phone number, and entrance fee.
Christs College is on St. Anfrews st. and phone is 01223334900


Hi, I am looking for some information for my upcoming trip. Specifically, I am looking for an [Indian] restaurant.
There are 22 Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer a particular price range?
I would like one in the centre area, but maybe you could pick me a good one.
I would recommend [curry garden] as they are very good.
How expensive is the place and how can I contact them?
curry garden is quite expensive and their phone number is 01223302330
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.
Okay, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
[15:00] on Wednesday, can you book it for me ?
Would you rather leave at 14:11 or 15:11? Which works better for you.
I'd actually like to leave a bit earlier. Is there an [11:11] train and, if so, what is the arrival time for that one?
TR6159 leaves at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58
That one would be better. I will need 8 tickets.
I have booked those seats on the train and your reference number is OMWVM0X4 .
Thank you that is all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.
Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.
Could you leave on Friday? There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.
There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by [15:30].
There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?
8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3 . Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?
Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is IFXPNYHS .
Now that the train is settled, I need a place to stay that is in the expensive range with free parking, please.
There are a number of expensive hotels in town. Do you have a preference for area you'd like to stay?
I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.
I do not have any expensive guesthouses. Can I try something else?
Can you try moderately priced?
I suggest [acorn guest house] it is in 154 chesterton road.
Ok, that sounds great. Can you book that for me for 3 nights?
Yes. I need to know what night you'd like your reservation to begin and how many people it will be for.
For 5 people starting on Saturday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is S4MONUEY .
Thank you so much. That's all for today.
You're welcome. Have a great day.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Great! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I should have mentioned this before, sorry for wasting everyone's time. I need info on a place called [museum of archaelogy and anthropology], what area is it in?
That museum is located in the centre of town. Their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. They also offer free entrance.
I also need to book a train for sunday
what time should it depart ?
I need to get from Ely to Cambridge, and I need to leave after [19:30].
Yes please book a seat on the train from Ely to Cambridge leaving after 19:30. Thank you.


I would like a ticket for a train going to Ely, leaving on Thursday please?
Hello, there are trains leaving every two hours on the :50's, would you prefer a morning, afternoon, or evening departure?
I want to leave after [14:15].
The first departure from cambridge to ely on Thursday leaves at 15:50. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thank you but I'll need the train ID and travel time.
No worries. It is the TR0013 and lasts for 17 minutes.
Thanks. I was also wondering about restaurants. Any chance there are places that serve [new zealand] cuisine?
I am not finding anything, can you please tell me where you are dining? Is it Cambridge or Ely?
Ely please. Sorry for any confusion. Any type of food is fine, I am not picky.
I found 110 restaurants, do you have anything to narrow it down?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving [asian oriental] food
There is Saigon City on 169 High Street in Chesterton and Kymmoy on 52 Mill Road in City Centre.
Please make reservations for me at [Saigon City].
I'd be happy to make a reservation for you at saigon city, how many people will be in your party and for what day and time?
You know what, I'm not sure, that you for your information. I'll get back to you to make a reservation.
Is there anything else I can help you with today, then?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for a hotel called [express by holiday inn cambridge].
The hotel is located in the eastern part of the city. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
First, can you tell me if the hotel has internet available?
Yes they have internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary right now. But, can you find a train that leaves after [19:30] and goes to Cambridge?
Sure! Just let me know what day you're traveling as well as your departure station.
I will be traveling on tuesday.
Great I also need to know where you will be leaving from.
LEAVING ELY GOING TO CAMBRIDGE ON SATURDAY. I NEED ARRIVAL TIME, TRAVEL TIME AND TRAIN ID PLEASE
TR4288 arrives at 19:52. The travel time is 17 minutes.
thank you. thanks for all your help. goodbye.
i am glad i have been of help. good day


Good Morning, I am hoping you can help me with information on places to go in town.
Of course. Which area of town will you be attending?
I would like to visit the centre part of town.
We have several great attractions including theatres, churches, museums, parks and night clubs. Where would you like to go?
I want to visit a museum.
There are no museums in this side of town.
Well how about finding a museum that has an asian oriental restaurant in the expensive price range nearby.
I can only process one at a time. Please choose one first.
I need a museum in the centre please.
I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, please. Perhaps a gallery of some kind.
I can recommend the [Broughton House Gallery] on 98 King Street. Do you want the phone number?
I would like to know how much it costs to get in there?
The Broughton House Gallery has free admission. I can look up a nearby restaurant, if you wish.
First, can you give me the postcode and address for that attraction?
Broughton house gallery is on 98 king street with the postcode of cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. What would you like next?
I want to find an [asian oriental] restaurant in the same area. Expensive please
There is one result. It is [kymmoy].
Ok. Can you book a table for me there?
Glad to do so, how many people and what is your preferred date and time?
There will be 4 of us, we'd like Tuesday at [12:45].
Your table is reserved, ref# 1L2BKCMX . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you, bye!
I'm happy I could be of service. Goodbye!


I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking.
There are currently no hotels in the Cambridge area that have parking, is there another area close by that would work for you?
maybe you can suggest a place close to the area of south, I would appreciate that, thank you
There is nothing in the south. Do you really need parking?
Yeah, I do. What about to the west?
What are the preferences you have for the hotel? I cannot seem to find one fitting the criteria you have listed.
I need the hotel to at least have free wifi. Can you accommodate?
There are 4 hotels in the south with free wifi and parking. What star rating would you like?
I don't really care about the star rating. I just would like free wifi and would need to book for 3 nights for 6 people.
what price range are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.
Ok. How about the [Bridge Guest House]. I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know what day you'll be arriving.
I will be arriving Sunday.
All booked! The reference number is O59MRSHK .
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area. Preferably [vegetarian] food in the moderate price range.
there are no vegetarian food restaurants.
Okay. Is there one that serves [International] food?
There are three locations that serve international cuisine. The Missing Sock, The Varsity Restaurant, and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure, can I please get a table on Sunday at [13:00] for 6 people at The Missing Sock?
I cannot not book your reservation for the time you wanted, would you want another time or to try one of the other 2 restaurants?
Can you try for [12:00]?
I'm sorry 12:00 is not available either, would you like to try another time or different restaurant possibly?
Yes let's try another restaurant.
[The Varsity Restaurant] is moderately priced, and serves international food, but I'm afraid it's not in the south, but rather the city centre. Would that be agreeable?
Sure please book that fro me.
Booked for [12] at [varsity restaurant], you reference number is SSRYQGZ2 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Alright, can you get me a taxi that will take from from the hotel to the Varsity in time for my reservation?
Yes, be on the lookout for for a white lexus. The contact number is 07672513904. May I help with anything else?
No, I am all set. Thank you for all your help. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. You have a great trip!


Are there restaurants in the city centre which serve [North American] cuisine?
There is one expensive restaurant called [gourmet burger kitchen] would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, thanks!
What day and time would you like me to book it?
I need it booked for 8 people on Sunday at [15:45]. I'd also like to have the reference number.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes only. Your reference number is HJCYIRG6 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Monday.
Where will you be going?
I need to get to Stevenage by [16:45].
Train ID TR1898 will have you arriving at Stevenage at 14:10. It leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
That's just perfect. Can you buy our tickets? Same group of people as the gourmet burger kitchen.
I have purchased 8 tickets for you. The reference number is PWMD3SIU .
Thank you that is all I needed today.
Have a good day. Thank you for using our service.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well!
It's been a pleasure. Good day and goodbye.


I'm looking for a place, I believe its official name is "Parkside Police Station".
The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge and their telephone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else today?
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is CB11JG.
Ok, thank you very much for your help.
You are most welcome!


I need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
There's a restaurant that serves international food called [The Missing Sock]. Does that sound good?
What is the address?
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
how about their postcode?
Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye


I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town.
Which food type appeals to you currently? There are listings for British, Indian, Chinese, and gastropub.
I don't care.
[Grafton Hotel Restaurant] serves British food in the east part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number, please?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant's phone number is 01223 241387.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?
They serve british food.
Thanks so much
Nice talking to you, Thank you. Good bye
Thank You
Thank YOU. Enjoy your meal.


Can you help me find a swimmingpool?
Sure, what part of town are you looking for?
Something in the North, please.
There are two swimming pools in the north side. Would you like more information on either one or is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I want the address and entrance fee to both please.
jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river. There is no entrance fee information availble.
Okay thank you so much!
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
No, that is it, thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.


I need to find a moderately priced condo style hotel in Cambridge that includes free parking.
There is the Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge. Both are 2 stars. Which do you prefer?
Which one is in the centre part of town?
Both are in the North. Are you looking for something in the Centre?
Yes I need centre of town.
sorry to disappoint but we dont have any
How about a hotel then in the cheap price range?
Sorry, no results were found.
Can you try a cheap hotel?
Sorry, there were no results found.
There has got to be at least one hotel in cambridge! Try for 3 nights.
I'm sorry but there are no cheap hotels in cambridge.
No thank you that will be all
We actually do have 10 cheap places to stay in Cambridge. 9 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel.
I need the hotel reserved for 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday.
Out of the 10, there was one that was a hotel and not a guesthouse, [the Cambridge belfry], I booked you, the reference number is DK6K73QS . Anything else today?
No thank you that will be all
Have a good day and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I would like to book a train leaving Cambridge that goes to London Liverpool Street please.
There is a train which leaves every two hours between 5:59 and 13:59 that costs 16.60 pounds. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes.
I need to travel on Friday sometime after [13:45]. Can you tell me whats available?
I have train TR4187 that leaves at 13:59 and arrives by 15:27 in london liverpool street. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great that's all the information I needed on the train.
Excellent! Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need to find a restaurant. Preferably one that serves [Jamaican] food. Can you find that for me?
Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants serving Jamaican food in the area, would you like to try another type of food?
What about one in the centre?
My apologies, there are none that serve Jamaican. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
How about one that serves [British] food in the same area?
I have found several, how about this one? [The Oak Bistro], price rang is moderate, phone is 01223323361, post code cb21eg, 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you please book for 4 on Friday at [10:45]?
I was unable to book for that timeslot. Can you give me another timeslot to work with?
How about [9:45]?
Your table is reserved. Reference number 66TP23A1 .
Thank you. That's all I needed.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay. Bye.


I'm looking to dine at a restaurant in the centre that serves [Austrian] food. Can you help?
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the centre that serve austrian food, would you like to try another area?
That's ok, thank you for your help.
Is there anything further I can help you with today?
Do you have any restaurants that serve [Mediterranean] food?
There are three mediterranean places in the centre area, any price limitations?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.
There are two la mimosa and shiraz restaurant, I recommend la mimosa would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the contact information for [La Mimosa] for right now?
No problem, the Phone number is 01223362525. Postal code is cb58aq, Address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need a train that departs from Stansted airport after [09:15].
Will you be traveling to Cambridge on the train? And if so, what day would you like to travel?
Yep, headed to Cambridge on Tuesday.
There is a train leaving at 9:24 and arriving in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thank you. Can you tell me the Train ID, please?
Certainly. The train ID is TR1610. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a ncie day.


I need to book a train departing from Cambridge after [9:15].
Where are you heading to?
I am going to Stevenage, on Wednesday.
I was able to find a train for you at 9:21. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me what the price of this trip is?
It should cost around 12.80 pounds. Anything else?
Yes, what's the train ID and what time does it arrive?
TR8913 will arrive by 10:10.
Great. That is all I need.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.


Could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre?
Certainly! However, there are no moderately priced restaurants in the town centre. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
Is there anything cheap in the town centre?
I'm sorry there are no cheap restaurants n that area. Would you like to change your price range or area?
I really need it to be in the moderate price range, there's really nothing in the city centre? Any cuisine will do.
I'm sorry, we must have had technical difficulties. We actually do have 21 restaurants in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a certain cuisine in mind?
Please surprise me.
Okay, Cotto is a British restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I have their phone number and address please?
The phone number for the Cotto is, 0122302010.The address us 183 East Road, City Centre. Anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need. Thanks. Bye.
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.


I am looking to stay at a guesthouse with free wfii
[Allenbell] matches those requirements, would you like to stay there?
Does it include free parking?
Yes, it does. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like me to book you a room?
I would like to book it for 2 nights for 2 people starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. How about [acorn guest house]? They also have free internet and parking. Shall I try booking that for you?
Is that in the same price range as the Allenbell? That would work for me.
It is in the moderate price range. Would that work for you?
yes, please attempt to book that one for me.
Great! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is TXV8RUST . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. No that will be it.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day.


Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves [fusion] food.
Which area you would like to search in?
I don't care.
I am sorry, there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range. Would you like any other type of food or different price range?
Bummer. How about some reasonably priced [Chinese] food, then?
There are 4 Chinese restaurants. Three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced.
What is the phone number of one of them?
The [Lan Hong House] is great. Their phone number is 01223 350420. Would you like any additional information about them?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye


I was looking for a hotel in the center of town that offers free parking.
I found the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel that meets your criteria.
Is the hotel expensive, and is it a guesthouse?
The Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel is expensive, but it is not a guesthouse. The guesthouses that meet your criteria are cheap.
Okay, how about any hotels that are expensive that has free parking.
There are no hotels that match that requirement.
How about a hotel type instead of guesthouse?
There are 2 results for expensive hotels in town centre. One is the gonville hotel, the other university arms hotel. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes please book [Gonville Hotel] for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
I am sorry. That hotel is unavailable for your requested stay. Would you like to pick a different day or shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights instead?
I have booked the Gonville hotel for 3 nights. The reference number is 4QYJH7Y5 . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are there any [modern american] restaurants in the center of town? Something expensive.
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants that meet those criteria. Something less expensive, perhaps?
How about a [modern european] restaurant?
Yes, I can recommend [darrys cookhouse and wine shop]. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I want a reservation for 2 people at [14:30]
Which day would you like the reservation for?
Tuesday please. Also I need the booking reference number when you are done please.
Booking confirmed! The reference number is Z7E6UORT . Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all. Thank you.
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!


I need a information of hospital in town, please.
Certainly! Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge in postcode CB20QQ. Is there a specific department you need?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.


I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving [singaporean] food.
I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant serving singaporean food in the south part of town. Would you like to try indian food?
[Indian] food of course and what is the phone number?
Taj Tandoori serves Indian food on the south part of town. Their number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system..good bye


I need a expensive restraint om cambridge in the centre
I have several options for you. What type of food are you interested in? I can gladly book a reservation with a little more information.
My husband's family will be with us for a birthday dinner, so how about [Italian]. They are from an italian family.
Okay, how about [Caffe Uno] located on 32 Bridge Street?
Please book a table for 2 on Monday at [18:15].
Happy Birthday to your husband! Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is E3CNAP2 .


I need a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.
The acorn guest house has free wifi and parking. It is cheap and has 4 star rating. The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I need a 3 star rated hotel
[Bridge Guest House] is rated 3 stars. Would you like a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday
Yes I was able to reserve this for you and your reference number is 2I3Y6MMY .
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train on wednesday which will go to liverpool street in london.
There are several that day. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by [18:30] and need to depart from Cambridge.
How many people will that train be for?
Just for myself. Give me the travel tiem and the train ID please.
TR5285 arrives at london liverpool street at 15:27 with a total travel time of 88 minutes.
That will be all thank you for your help.
No thank you that will be all


I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north.
Okay I have pulled up two matches. An indian restaurant and an italian restaurant.
What is the name and location of the [Italian] restaurant in the North?
Da Vinci Pizza, 20 Milon Road Chesterton. What else may I help you with?
That's all. Thanks.
You're very welcome! Have fun!


I'm trying to figure out my eating options. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
There are 33 expensive restaurants to choose from in the centre. To narrow down results, what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about a place that serves [canapes]?
There are no expensive restaurants in the centre of town serving canapes
Aww, that's too bad. Do you have any that serve [korean] food?
Yes, [little seoul] is a great place for korean food.
Can you book a table for 7 people?
Yes I can, I need the day and time you'd like to go please.
How about Thursday at [19:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 718ZBFFA . Can I help you with anything else?
I now need a train
I need to get a little information from you to book a train. Where are you traveling to and from and for what day and time do you need to travel?
The train should depart from broxbourne and should go to cambridge.
On what day and time do you need to go there?
I would like to arrive at [16:15] please.
The earliest I can have you there is 06:32. The latest is 10:32, with several options in between. Any preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by [10:32] is 16:15 is not available.
Train TR2145 will arrive at Cambridge by 10:32. How many tickets should I book for you?
I would like to book for 7 people please.
I would be happy to book a train for you. Which day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Sorry it looks like TR2145 is no longer available, I will substitute with TR5687 which arrives same time. Booking complete 125.29 GBP payable at the station, Reference number 8XYHVB3U .Anything else?
No thank you that is all I need
thank you that is all good bye


I'm looking for an attraction called [Christ's college].
Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre area of the city. Would you like the phone number?
What is the attraction type?
It is a college attraction. Is there anything else you need to know?
I need a restaurant that serves [scandinavian] food please.
I'm sorry, there are not Scandinavian places in Cambridge.
how about [turkish] food?
There are 3 turkish restaurants in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I'd like to impress my colleagues, so something expensive please.
I'd recommend [Meze Bar] Restaurant at 196 Mill Road City Center. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. For Sunday at [18:00].
How many will be in your group?
There will be five people in my group, so I need to make sure I get a reference number for the reservation, please.
A table for 5 has been booked for you at Meze for 18:00 on Sunday. Your Reference number is : 9BC3YJXN .
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you you can disconnect now.
Thank you goodbye.


Hello, what's the address of the Parkside Police Station, if you would be so kind?
The parkside police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thank you goodbye.
Great! Have a nice day!


Can you help me find a train leaving after [12:15] departing from cambridge?
Where are you heading, and on what day?
Kings Lynn on Friday
TR8494 leaves at 13:11. Want to book?
Yes, can i book it for 4 people.
Okay, I've booked 4 tickets. Your reference number is FBZ6Z3NH . Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a hotel that has free wifi and a 4 star rating.
I see three options available. Two are expensive and one is cheap. What is your price preference?
I would prefer the cheap one please.
the [cambridge belfry] is a cheap hotel. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.
What are your arrival details please?
I would like it for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people .
You are booked for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Friday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is FKV26SLF . May I help you with anything else?
I don't think so but before I let you go, I just want to be sure, [the cambridge belfry] is a guest house, correct?
It is a hotel not guest house.
Sorry, I want to stay in a guesthouse.
OK, we have many options for guesthouse in the cheap price range, including wifi. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference, but I would like it to be rated 4 stars.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FKV26SLF
that is all for today and thanks for helping
thanks and welcome anytime
I appreciate everything. Have a great day. Bye.
welcome anytime you need us


Any fancy restaurants in town?
We have tons of options! Whats your favorite type of food?
I was looking for [Chinese] food.
We have several restaurants serving Chinese food in town. What price range and part of town would you prefer?
I would like expensive Chinese food located in the centre of town please.
You can try [sesame restaurant and bar] at 17 Hills Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223358899. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for 2 people on Sunday at [17:15].
I made those reservations and your reference number is DL52IYMD .
Alright great, that's all I need thank you!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your dinner.


Hello. I would like to know if you serve [African] food. If you do, can I please get the address, phone number and postcode of the venue?
[Bedouin] is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It's phone number is 01223367660 and it's postcode is C.B 1, 2 B.D
Thank you! Good bye!
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye!
What is the price range?
Bedouin is in the expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.


I need to find a restaurant in Cambridge called the [Golden Wok] please.
I have found a Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Great, can you please book a table for 2 at [19:30] on Monday?
Yes, I will book your table for 2 at the Golden Wok on Monday at 19:30, would you like a reference number?
Great, thank you, yes I would like a reference number. If the booking fails, I would like to try for [18:30] instead.
I was able to book a reservation for 18:30 on Monday. Your reference number is YT9NB9YW . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train for Tuesday that arrives by [19:15].
Where do you need this train to pick you up?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.
I have 14 trains that match your preferences, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 05:01 and ending at 18:01. Which train would you like to book?
I need on that arrives by 19:15 please
The TR7656 leaves at 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Is that okay?
Yes that should be fine, thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need the travel time and departure time of the train.
The train departs Cambridge at 09:01 and the travel time is 60 minutes. Your train will arrive in Broxbourne at 10:01. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, could you check to see if there is a train that will arrive by 19:15 rather than 10:01. I'd really prefer the earlier arrival.
10:01 is 9 hours,14 minutes before 19:15, so it's definitely an earlier train. If you would like to arrive closer to 19:15, though, there is a train that arrives at 19:01.
I think that could be okay
TR5484 is the train that arrives by 19:01. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. I just need the the departure time and the travel time, please.
TR 5484 departs Cambridge at 18:01 and take 60 minutes to get to Broxbourne.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks for all of your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


I'm looking for information on trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday
Okay. What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Norwich by [8:45]
I have a train that arrives by 07:55. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. What is the travel time?
The total travel time for TR0953 is 79 minutes and will cost 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like to reserve a seat?
I am not ready to book seats quite yet thank you. I do need to find a place to visit while in town though.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
a college please
I'm sorry but there are no colleges in Norwich. Are there any other areas or type of place I can look up for you?
You misunderstood, I'm looking for a college to visit while I'm in Cambridge.
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. What part of town would you like it to be in?
I don't have a certain part of town. Pick one that you recommend and I will need the area and entrance fee.
I have [christ's college] in the centre part of town. The entrance fee is free.
Cam you tell me more about the place?
The college is on saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you, that will be everything.
Please contact us if you need further assistance during your visit.


I'm looking for attractions that are in the centre, could you help me find some?
There are 44 attractions located in the Centre area. Are you interested in any particular type of attraction to narrow down your choices?
Anything that you recommend I need the postcode and entrance fee.
The broughton house gallery located at postcode cb11ln has free entrance.
Sounds great. Thank you for the recommrndation postcode, and I am happy about the free entrance.
You're welcome, can I do anything else for you?
No, but a thank you for helping me.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Oh I need a train to cambridge on Wednesday
I can help with that. Where did you want to leave from?
I want to leave from Stansted Airport.
Is there a certain time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to get to the airport by [10:45].
Just to verify, you would like to leave Stansted Airport by 10:45 and head to Cambridge? Is that correct?
I would like to arrive at the airport by 10:45.
Train TR1691 leaves stansted airport at 11:24 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52. Would that work for you? I'd be happy to book tickets for your group.
That would be great. I just need 1 ticket and my reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PPDCGT1H . Anything else?
No that will be everything, thank you. Goodnight!
You are welcome. Have a great night. Goodbye.


Hello, I need to book a roundtrip train ticket that will be going to Cambridge and then leaving on friday.
Okay, I have found over 2,000 trains going to Cambridge. To help narrow the selection, when do you want to depart and arrive?
I'd like to leave Norwich on Friday and arrive by [12:30].
There are 6 trains. The closest arrival is TR4045, which leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, but can you tell me the total travel time for that train?
It is a 79 minute trip.
Thank you I also am looking for the [all saints church]
The All Saints church is on Jesus lane in postcode cb58bs.
Okay, what is the entrance fee? And what part of town was it in again?
It's in the centre region, and it's free to get in. Can I get you any more information?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
So happy I could be of service today. Thank you, and have a wonderful day!


I am looking for the Parkside Police Station. Can you help me?
I have the phone number as 01223358966
Ok, thanks. Could I also get the address and postal code? I need it for directions.
Sure, I've attached the information: Address: Parkside, Cambridge; Postcode: CB11JG. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's everything. Thank you.
Let me know if you need anything else.


Hi! I need to get a train schedule, can you help me with this?
There are many trains. Any date/time/places you were looking to travel to?
I want to arrive in Stevenage and leave Cambridge on a Friday.
There are ten trains on Friday. The first train leaves at 05:21 and the last train leaves at 23:21. What time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by [10:00]. Can you please give me the train ID and departure time?
TR5497 leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No thank you. I do need to find a museum to visit though.
There's 23 museums in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to visit?
I would like it to be in Centre.
There are 11 museums in that area, including [museum of archaelogy and anthropology] and the [fitzwilliam museum].
Can I have the entrance fees for both of those please, and the associated postcodes?
Sure thing. Both are free and the postcode for the museum of archaeology is cb23dz and the fitzwilliam postcode is cb21rb.
ok and what are their entrance fees?
Bot museums are free, they do not have an entrance fee.
That is great. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your time at the museum and the center. If there is anything else you need help with please contact us anytime.


I am looking for the nearest hospital please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is the closest hospital. Do you need a particular department?
I need to find a hospital with a [teenage cancer trust unit].
Addensbrookes Hospital does have a teenage cancer trust unit. Would you like information about that?
Yes, I just need the postcode please.
It is CB20QQ.
Okay, thank you for your help. That's all I need.
you are welcome any time


I am looking for place to stay in Cambridge. I would like a 4 star hotel that includes free parking, please.
I have many available. Did you have a specific area in mind?
I have no preference in area but I would like something in the cheap price range.
How about the [Leverton House] in the east?
Does it include free parking? I need the address, phone, and hotel type.
It is a guesthouse with free parking located at 732-734 newmarket road. Phone number is 01223292094. Should I book it for you?
Not right now. Can you look for a train for me. It should go to birmingham new street and arrive by [15:45].
I have several trains can you tell me what day you plan to travel?
I'd like to travel on Sunday, please.
I have train TR6725 leaving at 5:01 and arriving 7:44 on sunday. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please. I'll be traveling alone this time.
OK, booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Z42S9C3R . Can I help you with anything else?
No that seems to be everything. Thank you.
Have a great day!


Can you find me a good moderately priced hotel in cambridge? No guesthouses please.
the cityroomz is located downtown. would you like more info?
Thank you! I am looking for a place in the West part of town, though. Are there any available?
No, I'm sorry. Not in the moderate price range. I do have a cheap 4 star though. Would you like to check it out?
How about any guesthouses that are moderately priced in the west with free parking?
What about the [hobsons house] with internet and parking?
that sounds good. there will be 7 persons for 3 nights starting on sunday
I was able to book that for you successfully. our reference number is CW5RJ5HB . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to find a restaurant in the same area as my hotel. I don't care about the type of food.
There are 14 options to choose from, is there a particular cuisine you are wanting to try?
I don't care what cuisine, but i'd like one in the moderate price range.
Okay, I see three options here, which are british, indian, or italian food types. I recommend [prezzo]. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book that restaurant for 7 people on sunday at [11:00]
Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the reference number please?
Reference number: D7277SMZ .
I need a taxi to get me to the restaurant please.
And what time would you like the taxi?
I want to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at [11:00].
A yellow volvo is booked. contact number: 07514653314
Thanks for all your help!
My pleasure. Is that all
Yes that should be everything that I need thank you very much for your help.
You are quite welcome! Goodbye!


i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called [castle galleries].
Castle Galleries is a museum in the city centre without an entrance fee. Do you need more information?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse to stay in, as well?
a and b guest house has rooms available and is near the museum, would you like me to book rooms for you?
Um, actually I think I'd like to be in the east. I also need parking.
There are two options. I'd recommend the [Carolina Bed and Breakfast]. Would you like to boom a room?
Yes, please, for 6 people starting saturday, for 5 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : C3H6D8YS .
Thank you goodbye
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day, goodbye.


I am looking for the [Fitzwilliam Museum].
I'd be happy to give you more information on the Fitzwilliam Museum. The address is trumpington street. Do you need any additional information for this attraction?
Could you give me the exact postcode for the museum, please?
I sure can! The postcode is cb21rb. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I am leaving from Broxbourne.
Train TR5570 is what you're looking for!
Ok, great! Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all! Thank you so much!
You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [swedish] food
There are no restaurants that serve swedish food. Are you interested in some other type of food?
Yes, how about [North American] food. I will also need the address, phone number, and postcode.
There is one location that servies north american food. It is and expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 , they are loated at Regent Street City Centre, and there post code is .C.B 2, 1 A.B
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye


I need a train to cambridge please. Departure day is Tuesday
Sure, where are you leaving from?
I will be coming from Kings Lynn.
Great! When would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
As long as I leave after [11:30], I don't have an arrival time. Please provide me with a train ID that would work.
Train TR8699 will leave at 12:11 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:58. Did you need more information or a ticket?
All set on that for now, but i do need info on a place called the [scudamores punting co]
Scudamores Punting Co is located at Quayside Punting Station, Magdalene St, Cambridge CB5 8AB
Thanks! Do you happen to know their entrance fee?
I actually don't see a price listed in our system. Do you need any other assistance?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
Great! Thanks for letting us help you today!
Oh, wait, actually there is something else. Can you tell me the travel time and the price on that train we talked about?
47 minutes. 9.80 pounds.
Ok now I am done thanks
Do you need anything else today? Can I book something for you?
That was all thank you.
Thank you for choosing our service. Please call again if we can assist in any way. Goodbye.


I'm looking for the [Kings Hedges Learner Pool]. Can you give me their contact info?
Kings Hedges Learner Pools phone number is 01223353248, they are located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges, CB42XH. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what area of town is that exactly?
It is in the north of the city, would you like help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you very much!
You're very welcome! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a restaurant on the west side that serves [basque] food.
I don't have a Basque restaurant on the West side. Would you like me to look in other parts of town?
Well how about an expensive one then?
We don't have any Basque restaurants on the west side, regardless of price. Do you want to try a different type of food?
How about a [thai] place then?
sala thong is just for you. Their address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to know the postcode, if possible?
The postal code is cb39ey. Is there any other thing you might like to know?
Yes, I need a guesthouse close to the restaurant on the west side.
There are two in the area. One is cheap and the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.
Do you have a price preference?
No I do not I would like a 4 star guesthouse in the west with free parking.
gdsgfsd fg dsf gdfg d sfgds


I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.
Sure, I can help you with that. Where were you wanting to travel to and when were you looking to depart?
I need to leave Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Wednesday after [15:45].
There is a train that leaves at 16:01 would you like me to book tickets for you?
I would first like the train ID and travel time please.
It's a 60 min ride and its train TR2925
Can you also look up the hotel called [Hobsons House]?
Hobsons house is a guesthouse in the west. It a moderate priced 3 star place with free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
I need to book the hotel for two days starting Tuesday. Please, give the address and phone number of the hotel.
How many people is this reservation for?
just one person please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T05HTHZU .
I also need the address...
Of course! It's located at 96 Barton Road
Great, that's all I need! Thank you so much!
Okay. Great. I am glad I could help.


Could you help me find [Wandlebury Country Park]?
Sure! The postcode for wandlebury country park is cb223ae. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, and what area of the city is that in?
It is located in the south and the phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Also want to find some place to eat. West part of town with an expensive price range.
There are 57 expensive restaurants throughout the city can you tell me the type of food you might like to eat and maybe the area of town?
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant in the west that serves [british] food, thanks.
We have two restaurants that meet your criteria - travellers rest and graffiti.
Can you book me a table for two at [Travellers Rest] at [17:15] on Tuesday?
You are booked. Remember they hold the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OIHEYVVV . Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for your help!
Thank you! Please remember you can contact us at any time if you require assistance again! Have a great day!


I want to find a place called [Shiraz] Restaurant please.
I have found Shiraz Restaurant located at 84 Regent Street City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, I just need the postcode.
Sure, the postcode is cb21dp. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train from birmingham new street to Cambridge.
No problem. For what day?
Monday, and I need for it to arrive by [21:15].
TR3130 will arrive by 20:23 if that works for you?
Can you give me the departure time, travel time and the price?
TR3130 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40 and it arrives in Cambridge at 20:23. The price is 75.10. The travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Thanks.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!


Oh my God, I've just been robbed! I need the police please! Help!
The Police are located in Parkside Cambridge and the telephone number is 01223358966.
Is this the emergency number to call?
Yes, it is the direct number to the police for help. Do you want me to transfer you to the police?
No, that's ok. Thank you!
Do you need any further assistance?
That is all, thank you.
You are very welcome, I hope your day gets better.


I'm looking for museums that I can go in town.
There are 23 different museums in town, did you have a particular area you were looking at?
I don't have one specifically in mind but could you tell me your opinion on what would be a good area?
How about the Cafe Jello Gallery and it's free admission!
Which area of town is that in?
The [Cafe Jello Gallery] is on the west side of town. Would you like their address?
Sure, please give me the address. Could you also help me find a train leaving Saturday?
Cafe Jello Gallery is located at 13 Magdalene Street. Yes, what time are you leaving? Also what destination, and departure point?
I am departing from birmingham new street and arriving at cambridge. May I have the travel time and train ID?
There are 19 trains that meet your criteria. Do you prefer a certain departure time?
Yes. I would like to leave after [14:15].
Ok, there are 10 different trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive by?
As long as it leaves on Saturday after 14:15, that's all that matters. Please give me travel time and train id.
TR1843 leaves at 14:40 and the travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to book?
I need to think about it for a bit. Thank you for your help though. I think I'm all set.
Awesome. Come back if you have any questions!


I am looking for tourist attractions.
There are many things to do, to help narrow down the results what part of town are you looking to tour in? Any particular activity you'd like to do?
Are there any colleges on the west side? If so can you tell me the address and entrance fee?
There are five colleges on the west side. Magdalene college is nice. It's address is Magdalene Street and entrance is free.
Thank you. I'm also looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there anything like that around?
Oh yes I have many. Any preference for area?
I would like to be close to [Magdalene college]. That same area would be perfect.
There are 5 Indian restaurants located on the west side near Magdalene college that are expensive. I would recommend Tandoori Palace.
That sounds fantastic. Could I have the postcode, phone number, and address, please?
Their postcode is cb43le, phone number is 01223506055, and address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton
That's everything I need. Thank you for your help.
Alright, awesome! Have a fantastic day!


I'd like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
There are 3 restaurants in the moderate price range and on the east part of town. Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I don't have a preference. Either one is fine.
[Rajmahal] is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes please. can i have the address, phone number and postcode ?
Here is the information you asked for. phone is 01223 244955 and address is at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 R.G. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you.
Your welcome good bye


Can you help me find a hotel called [Bridge Guest House]?
Certainly! The Bridge Guest House is a moderately priced accomodation in the south. Is there other information you would like to know?
Do they have free parking?
Yes, they do! Would you like a room?
Not right now, that's all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.


Hello! I'm looking for a train arriving at Cambridge that would leave [after 13:15.]
There are many trains heading to cambridge after 13:15 where do you want to depart from?
Sorry, I need to leave from Broxbourne on Friday.
There are several options, the first one leaving at 13:32. It is a 60 minute trip. Can I reserve seats for you?
Can I get the train ID?
Sure thing! It is TR7015
Thank you for your help, I am also looking for a restaurant that serves [African] food in the moderate price range, can you help?
I am sorry but I do not have an African restaurants. Is there a different type of cuisine I could try?
Do you have any African restaurants in the east in any price range?
There is a restaurant called Bedouin that serves African foods. They are in expensive price range, located in the centre. Can I book a table for you?
I actually would like one in the moderate price range.
I apologize. I have double-checked and there are no African restaurants in the moderate price range. Is there another type of restaurant you would be interested in?
How about one that has [Indian] food?
I have the Curry Prince moderately priced in the east. Would you like to book it?
Yes please and I need the postcode and address.
The post code iscb58jj and their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Please give me details of your party and what time and day you'll be visiting.
Oh, I don't need a reservation. I just needed their information so I can go by. Thank you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
You've very welcome. Good day.


I'm looking for the [Avalon].
The Avalon is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of town. They offer free parking and free internet.
Great. Would you please see if you can book a party of 8 for 5 nights beginning Thursday?
Booking was successful. You're reference number is TLLGQVMH .
Great, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!


north part of town restaurant please
What type of food would you like?
[Chinese]
Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I don't care.
There are several chinese restaurants. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and I need one of their names please.
[Hakka] is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town.
Sound perfect! What is their phone number?
Hakka's phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.


I am looking for 0 star lodging with free parking included
We have two places. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre area?
I'm not picky about the area of town I stay, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.
Okay, there is one located in the north and one in the centre.
Can you please recommend one and book it for 5 nights?
What dates are you interested in staying?
Starting from Wednesday, looking to stay for 5 nights. Is that available?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PQWL74M2
That would be it thank you very much.
Thank you, have a good day!


I want a moderately priced restaurant please.
What kind of food would you like to have?
Any kind of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the north part of town.
Golden Wok is in the north part of town, and is moderately priced. It serves Chinese food.
Is there any other restaurant?
There is the [nirala], which serves indian food in the moderate price range and the north part of town
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye
You are very welcome. Bye.


I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves [austrian] food.
Unfortunately there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Any other kind of food you might consider?
If you don't have any restaurants that serve Austrian food, do you at least have any restaurants in the cheap price range?
There are two restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. A Chinese restaurant and a Protugese restaurant. Are either of these okay?
[Portuguese] sounds great.
Excellent. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I need it for 4 people at [15:00] on saturday please.
Alright, I was able to book you a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:00. Your reference number is M9SA1TCA . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], can you help me find it?
Sure. The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a gueshouse located in the center of town. It's address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you I need to book four people for 2 nights starting saturday
Ok I've got you booked for 4 people for 2 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is H1VE80W2 . Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a taxi to commute between two places that arrives by [15:00]. With the contact number and car type.
What is your departure site and what is your destination?
The hotel you just booked for me, the [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] and restaurant you booked, the [Portugese restaurant].
No problem. I've booked a yellow volkswagen for you. The number is 07168534241.
Great thanks! I believe that is everything I need for today. Good bye!
Have a great day!


Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where I can eat [russian] food.
Unfortunately, there aren't any russian restaurants in that location. Would you like another type of food, or perhaps a different location?
Then how about one that serves [chinese] food?
There are 5 such restaurants. I recommend the rice house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes could you make a booking for 8 people at [16:00] on thursday?
The rice house if booked full for that time. I could try the Charlie Chan, or the Golden House for you, if you wish.
Sure that's fine try any one of those. I'll need the reference number too please.
I was able to book you a table at the [Jinling Noodle Bar] on Regent Street. Your reference number is GJPTB7CD . Is that all for today?
Yes that will be all. Thanks for your help. Bye.
Enjoy your meal at the jinling noodle bar. Have a great day.


I am looking for information on some places I can go when I am visiting soon.
There are lots of nice places. What would you like to do ?
I would like to go to a museum that you recommend. I will need the phone number please.
The [Byard Art] Museum is wonderful. Their phone number is 01223464646.
I also need some where to stay, 4 star.
There are three that meet your criteria. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, [The Cambridge Belfry], and the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please. Book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
I'm sorry, which of the 3 would you like a reservation at?
I would like to book the cheapest one.
The [cambridge belfry] was cheapest so I reserved that one.
I probably need a reference number dont I?
Yes, your reference number is U4Z311TN . Can I help you with anything further today?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the attraction, leaving at [2:45].
I have booked you with a black volkswagen taxi. The phone number to contact is 07217220369 if there are any changes needing to be made later.
That was quickly handled. Thank you for your help. Goodbye now.
Have a lovely visit in Cambridge. Please use the TownInfo centre when you arrive. Goodbye.


I'm planning my trip there, but need to find a train for when I depart. Could you help me with that?
Sure. From where will you be departing, and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.
There appear to be hourly trains from 05:01 to 23:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Wednesday and it should leave after [18:00].
The TR1766 leaves at 18:01 and arrives at Birmingham new street at 20:44. Would that be OK?
That sounds good. Can you book that for me for 3 people?
Ok, I have booked you 3 seats on that train. Your reference number is MI5RMEHQ . You'll need to pay 225.3 GBP at the station. Anything else I can do?
Can you also direct me to some attractions in town in the east?
Of course! There are several attractions in the east. I'd suggest [Cambridge Artworks]; it's a museum with free entrance. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you give me the address and the phone number?
The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168. Is there anything else that i can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great trip. Bye.


I need to go from Cambridge to Peterbourgh Saturday.
Tr7310 is leaving from cambridge at 05:06 and arriving at peterborough at 05:56 for 13.20
I'm sorry. The train needs to going to Cambridge from Peterborough.
Sorry about that,what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after [18:15]. Also, I would like to know the fare.
TR4005 departs Peterborough at 18:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:09. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fare is 13.20 GBP per person.
Great, thank you. Now, I need some information on college I can visit in the centre of town.
I have located several colleges in the area that have entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds. Is there a particular one you would like to visit?
I don't have one in particular. Can you give me a few examples?
Sure I have Corpus Christi in the city centre and Christ's College, which is very famous in the centre.
Can I get the address of [Corpus Christi]?
The address is king's parade, is there anything else I can do?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit! Goodbye.


Hello, I am looking to book a restaurant in the centre in Cambridge and be moderate in price.
How about [Restaurant One Seven], it is British food but just what you're looking for.
Thank you, I need to book a reservation for 2 at [16:00] on Thursday, can you please give me reference number?
Your table is booked at Restaurant Seven One. Your reference number is MF59X2RK .
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train from cambridge that leaves after [11:00]. Can you help me with that?
Absolutely, you have many options. What day were you thinking of making this trip?
I need to leave friday and go to birmingham new street
There's a train departing at 11:01. Would that work? If not, the train's are every hour at 1 minute past. I can book whichever train you'd like.
Yes, that would probably work. What time does the train departing at 11:01 arrive at Birmingham new street?
It arrives at 13:44. Would you like me to book this for you?
Possibly. What is the train ID?
Sure the train id is TR6564, can I book this for you,
Not at this time. That is all I need, thank you.
Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!


I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay! What would you like to know?
I should have already told you that, how rude of me. Can you please tell me what museums are in Cambridge?
there are 79 museums is there a particular type or area you would prefer?
I really don't have a preference. Do you have one that you could recommend that would be interesting for a few different age groups?
i like cambridge artworks. it is in the east side. can i give you the address?
Yes thank you. I'd love to get the address there.
Okay the address is 5 greens road.
I also need to find a train for Wednesday between Cambridge sand Stansted Airport to arrive by [16:15].
Okay, sure. Train TR0678 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday and arrives at Stansted Airport by 16:08. Would you like to book that?
What is the price?
37 pounds, I can book it for you and get a reference number ?


Need a place to stay on the west side, and I need it cheap.
The [finches bed and breakfast] is located in the west and in the cheap price range
Ok, that will work! Thanks.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does offer parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Yes please!
What day will you be checking in? I also need the number of days you will be staying and the number of people.
I'll be checking in on Saturday, and it will be for 4 people for 4 nights.
I am sorry but the finches bed and breakfast is heavily booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter number of days?
Can we get in for three nights?
Yes I can you in for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you
Have a great day!


Hi, I'm looking for some information about Cambridge. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay in? Money is no object!
I'd be happy to help with your request. To help narrow the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
Thanks for asking. An expensive guesthouse in the west would be best for me.
I am sorry. There a no guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Do you want me to try a different location or price range?
moderate price range
I have one place. Would you like me to book it?
No I can book it myself.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm sorry, I've changed my mind. Can you please make the reservation at the guesthouse for 6 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.
I'll be happy to book the guesthouse for you. That will be [Hobson's House] located on 96 Barton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area.
I booked the guesthouse for you and your reference number is 9JAU8IOR . As for the restaurant, do you have a preference of cuisine or price range?
Thank you! I would like to go to an [Indian] restaurant, please.
Are you looking for a particular price range or area? I'm showing six indian places in the west near your hotel, but they are all expensive.
why don't you pick one and reserve 6 people 3 nights starting Monday please
Would you like the reservation on Monday or starting monday?
Let's review. I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west with a moderate price range. Once chosen, the restaurant booking is for Monday.
Ok great.The [Meghna] will fit your needs. How many people and what day?
6 people please on Monday at [18:45]. Thanks!
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSNID0QW . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.
Great! Thank you for call the Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I need to book a taxi to come pick me up by [10:30] to take me to [Midsummer House Restaurant].
Okay! What is your departure site?
I'm coming from [city stop restaurant].
Okay, I've got you a black bmw with the contact number 07083984796.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with


I am looking for a place to dine that serves [modern European] food that is located in the Centre. What is your suggestion for this type of restaurant?
I have a couple of options for you, what price range would you like?
I'd like a cheap price range please.
the [river bar steakhouse and grill] matches all the things you are looking for .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you reserve me a table on Tuesday for 6 people at [18:00].
I'm sorry, but it appears there is no opening for that time. would you like to try for a different time?
Yes try [17:00] instead please
Booked! Reference number: NA0XWZAR . Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave after [11:15].
Okay, what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be going to Stevenage on Wednesday.
I have train TR3685 departing Friday at 13:00 would that be suitable for you?
Yes, I think that will do just fine. What's the price and length of trip, please?
The price for the trip is 12.80 pounds and its 49 mintues
Okay, thank you for that information!
You're welcome! May I help with anything else?
That will be all, goodbye.
Train TR2874 leaves the earliest at 13:31. Have a great day!


Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket to Peterborough.
Sure, when will you be leaving Cambridge?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and leave sometime after [11:15].
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
Not really. Can I also please have the travel time of the train.
okay the TR4344 matches your request and the travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
What time will the train arrive? Also, I am looking to stay at the [Gonville Hotel]. What availability is there for that hotel?
The train will arrive at 12:24. As for the Gonville hotel, I can check that availability...how many nights were you looking to stay?
Oh, I just wanted information. Does that hotel have free parking?
Yes, the Gonville does offer free parking.
Excellent. Thanks for the help.
You very welcome! Is there anything else we can help you with?
No, that is all I need for today.
Thanks for contacting us. Have a nice day!


Yes I am looking for a moderately priced [Italian] restaurant.
Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like to go there?
I need something in the centre part of town. What do you have?
I have two options to choose from. Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton are both in the centre of town.
I'd like to make a reservation at [Pizza Express Fen Ditton].
I can do that. When will you be eating?
We will be eating at [14:30] on Wednesday. I need the reservation to be for 7 people.
I have booked you a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton for 7 people on Wednesday at 14:30. Your reference number is 4DVILHUV . Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse.
What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay somewhere near the restaurant.
There are two hotels available. Do you have a preference between 0 or 4 stars?
3 stars will be fine thank you
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is the 4 star rated place.
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it has both wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
book for 7 people for 5 days from wednesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 62UNRH8C .
I wouls also need a taxi
I would be happy to book your taxi. I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination please.
I want it to take me from [Alexander B&B] to [Pizza Express Fen Ditton] to get me there by [14:30].
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a yellow Volkswagen. Please call 07236965666 should you need to reach them.
thanks! that will be all for today.
Thank you, enjoy your stay!


Do you have a cheap restaurant that serves [indian] food. In the mood for curry.
I'd be happy to check on that for you. In fact, I have 4 different restaurants. Three are in the centre of town and I have one in the north.
I would like one in the centre of town that is in the cheap price range.
Try [kohinoor] they are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, can you book me a table for Wednesday?
How many in your party?
Just me. I'd like to eat at [16:45].
I'm sorry, that isn't available? Could you perhaps try a different time or day?
Okay, let's try [15:45] instead?
I have a table for you at 15:45. Your reference number is BVDPM13V .
Could you also help me find a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant and in the same price range. I would like free WIFI.
I found two that fit your criteria, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please, just me starting on the day of my restaurant visit.
I booked you at the [alexander bed and breakfast]
I needed that for 4 nights, did you get that for me? Also I'd like a reference number.
Alright, I got that booked for you. Four nights at Alexander Bed and Breakfast starting Wednesday. Your reference number is BOL6JBIT .
Thank you for all of your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time, thank you!
It was a pleasure helping you today. Remember to contact us anytime if you need more assistance.


Hello, I've been robbed, my valuables were stolen.
I am sorry to hear that. You can contact the nearest police station at Parkside via the following phone number: 01223358966
I will also need their address.
The police station is located in Parkside Cambridge the postal code is CB11JG. What else could I help you with?
That is all thank you
Thank you for using the help desk and have a great day.


I need to stay at an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?
I have two hotels that meet your criteria. What area are you interested in?
I miscommunicated before I apologize, I am actually looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I have no guesthouses in the area. Would you like me to check another star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range.
Yes, there are a number of options. Would you like to narrow it down by area of town?
No, I don't care about area. Just pick one that you would recommend. I'll need to book it for 6 people.
I recommend [carolina bed and breakfast]. It's on the east side of town and has free parking and wifi. Does that work?
Book that please for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday.
Sure thing, I will work on booking that now. I will be back with you in a moment.
Thanks. I also need help with something else afterwards.
Booked! Reference number: 0L59Q1A4 . What else do you need?
I'm also interested in a restaurant in the centre with the same price range. Any recommendations?
I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food. Would you like to book a table?
No need to book it, but could you please give me their address and phone number?
Their address is 1 Kings Parade and their number is 01223359506. Is there anything else you need?
I have everything I need now, thank you!
Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!


i am looking for attractions in the centre part of town.
There are lots of attractions in the centre! Do you have a specific type in mind?
Not really. Would you be able to recommend one?
[All Saints Church] has great architecture and is free.
Sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number please?
All Saints is on jesus lane, phone is 01223452587
I am also looking for an [Indian] restaurant in the same area.
There are several, do you have a particular price range in mind?
No. As long as its in the same area, please book me a table for 2 at [15:00] for monday.
Great! How about the golden curry, expensive price range restaurant in city centre. I have made reservations as requested. Your reference #aycp806a . Will this work?
Yes, thanks! Can I also get a taxi from [All Saints] to the [Golden Curry]? I need to make sure I make it there by the reservation time.
You're all set! You'll be picked up by a blue Volvo; the contact number is 07138116280. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.
Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!


I need to get a taxi from [Funky Funhouse].
Where will you be headed to?
I need to go to [nusha] and I would like to arrive by [04:30]
its booked! it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07906334474
Thank you for your help, that's all the help I need today.
You are very welcome. Good bye.


I need a taxi to come to [royal standard] and take me to [maharajah tandoori restaurant].
I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know, what time you would like to leave/arrive?
I need to leave after [14:30].
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volkswagen Contact number : 07248386378


Hi. Can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve [halal] food?
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food. Would you like another type of food?
How about [Portuguese] food?
[Nandos] is serves portuguese food, is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like their location?
Yes, phone number and address please.
there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all I needed to know. Have a good day.
Thank You
Goodbye
Goodbye.


I need a 4-star hotel.
There are 21 four star hotels. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I would like to stay in the 4 star hotel in the south. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.
I don't have a hotel with 4 stars in the south. Would you like to change the area or star rating?
I guess I have no choice but to try something else. Can you see if there is a guesthouse in the south with 4 stars?
We have two guesthouses in the south, one moderately priced, the other cheap. Do you have a preference?
Thank you! I do not have a preference, but I do need for the place to have internet.
Aylesbray lodge guest house has internet and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please. Can you also provide me with the postcode?
Sure! It is cb17sr
Could you assist me in finding a restaurant? We are going all out so would like an expensive one near the hotel.
I have a few pricey restaurants near your hotel. We have [the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway], and Frankie and Bennies, if you'd like British. Do either of those interest you?
Any expensive restaurant int he south will work, what ever you want to recommend. I need a booking for Tuesday, 5 people at [17:00].
Reference number is : 54F41GMV . The God Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. Is there anything else?
Thank you very much. I think that's all that I need right now.
Great, have a wonderfule day!


I am looking for [Ian hong house]
That is a chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
Ok I'd like to book for 6 people at [1400] on saturday please
I have that booked for you and here is your reference number: XDYJMTO7 . Is there anything else?
No, you were super efficient. Thank you. Goodbye.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!


i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve [swiss] food.
I'm sorry, but there are no Swiss restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
No, thank you. That's disappointing.
Are you sure? We have many fine restaurants in town!
On second thought, how about a restaurant that serves [british] cuisine?
There are 3 restaurants on the west side that serve British food. Do you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
Expensive, please, we're splashing out for my mother's birthday.
I've heard good things about [Grafitti] at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes for 5 at [16:00] on Monday.
Your reservation for a party of 5 at [graffiti] this monday at 16:00 was successful. Your Reference number is : YV3OG0N3 .
Great! Also, I'm looking for a place called the [soul tree nightclub]. I need to get their phone number.
Soul Tree nightclub number is 01223477900. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed thank you.
Okay great! Have a great day!


Hello, I'm looking for places to go located in the south part of town.
Are you looking for any specific type of entertainment? There is an art museum and cinema in the south part. Would you like an address?
Can I get the address for the cinema?
It is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Did you want the phone number and postcode?
Please do give me the address and also if you could I am looking for a train as well to depart from cambridge and head down to london liverpool street.
The cinema is at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way. What day would you like to depart Cambridge and at what time?
I need to go on Sunday, sometime after [16:00].
I have four trains leaving after 16:00, the first at 17:59, arriving at 19:27, and then leaving at 2 hour intervals with the last at 23:59 arriving 1:27 Monday.
I take the first one at 17:59. May I have the price and train ID?
Sure, the train id for the 17:59 departure is TR7713 and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes I would like you to book a ticket and may I have the reference number please.
Your ticket has been booked and your reference number is XWBRQZHT .
Thank you for your help, that is everything I needed.
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!


I need to find a train leaving Tuesday going to Ely please.
There are several trains to Ely on that day. Is there certain time that you need to leave by?
I would like to arrive by [14:45].
TR3420 will arrive at 14:07, would that work?
Yes, can I get the departure time and travel time on that one?
Yes the train leaves at 13:50 and the ride lasts 17 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for college to look around.
There are many to choose from,what area would you like to see one in?
Any area is fine. Can you give me the phone number and postcode of your favorite one?
Christ's College is in the city centre and is highly acclaimed. Their phone number is 01223334900 and they're in postcode cb23bu.
Awesome! I guess that's all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Hi. I need a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after [21:30].
Where do you want to go?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.
I have train TR2182 departing Wednesday at 22:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 22:58. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect, I will need 3 tickets and a reference number please.
I was able to book you 3 tickets for that train. Your reference number is NYP3RNM4 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, did you have any other requirements?
Is it also in the cheap price range? Does it include free wifi?
I have 9 entries meeting all 3 requirements, are you looking for a certain part of the city?
No - could you please choose one for me? I don't like to stress out too much about travel arrangements.
Sure. The [Alexander bed and breakfast] is in the centre, and their phone number is 01223525725. Should I book you a room?
Yes, thank you.
I will need some more information to book a room, what day will you arrive, for how many people and how many nights?
I will be arriving Wednesday. We will need a room for 4 people.
Ok great I will book you a room for 4 people. How many nights would you like?
Let's just do one night for now. Can I cancel the reservation if I decide I don't need it?
You will have to contact the hotel directly to do that, do you still want to book the room?
No, thank you. I am not ready to reserve quite yet. Could you just tell me the postcode for The Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
The postcode is cb12de. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book the room and get the reference number please.
Ok. I am trying to book the hotel for 4 people for 1 night. You wanted the hotel for Wednesday night, right?
Actually I would just like the postcode and telephone number.
Sure. The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should do it, thanks!
We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Can you help me find a nice museum? I need to plan my trip to Cambridge.
There are several museums in town. What area are you interested in visiting?
The area doesn't matter, please just send me the address, entrance fee, and postcode for the most popular museum in the city.
My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery. They're at 98 King Street, cb11ln, and it's free to get in.
Wonderful! Can you also recommend a restaurant in the east for me?
Was there a type of cuisine you wanted to have?
Nope, I am open to anything. Just something good.
There are 356 restaurants can you narrow it down ?
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that is in the East with an expensive price range. Will that work?
What kind of food would you like today?
Any kind of food is fine. I would need to book for 8 people at [19:30] on Friday, please. Also, can I have the reference number?
I would recommend the [Royal Standard] a cool [gastropub]. Will that work?
Yes, please complete the booking with the specifications I mentioned in the previous turn
I've completed the booking, your reference number is HNO1RKPN . Anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.


I'm looking for a restaurant the serves [spanish] food.
Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I have no preference.
Two selections fit your requirements. La Tasca and La Raza are both located in the centre part of town. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, I would like the address of [La Raza] please.
La Raza's address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.


I am looking for a train leaving from broxbourne and going to cambridge.
Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be on Saturday.
Do you have a particular time you would like to leave?
We would need the train to leave after [12:00].
There is a train that leaves at 12:32.
That will be fine I need the train ID and price please.
Sure the train ID is TR7768 and the cost of the journey is 14.32 pounds.
I also need a place to dine in the centre that serves [seafood].
The [Loch Fyne] is the only available restaurant in the centre that fits your criteria but it is an expensive place to dine, will that be alright?
I would like to book a table for 2 at [17:45] on Saturday. What is the reference number please?
I was able to book it, reference number is A1ZSFEZ5 .
Thank you. I appreciate the assistance.
Is there anything else I can do ?
That will be all! Thank you!
Have a fantastic day, goodbye!


I've heard about [Royal Spice], is it a very good restaurant? What is the price like?
Royal Spice is an inexpensive restaurant. I am not able to say if it's a good restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like you to book a table for me at Royal Spice for 6 people at [11:15] on Monday please.
You're all set! I've got you booked with reference number TOQNLZH1 . Is there anything else I can do?
No. I am all set. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and let us know if we can help you in the future.


I need to find a moderately priced place to dine in the centre please.
Okay, I can help you with that. We have several great moderately priced restaurants. What type of food would you like?
Do you have any [Lebanese] restaurants?
We have [ali baba] which is lebanese
Okay. Could you book that for 3 people for Sunday at [15:00].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : R73U0ESJ . What else can I do for you today?
That is all I need, thank you.
You're very welcome. Good-bye.


Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Japanese] food.
[Wagamama] is a Japanese restaurant that's in the centre part of town.
Can i please have the phone number and address ?
Their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.


Hi, how are you? Can you help me find an expensive place to stay that includes free wifi?
We have 5 such places! Any preference on area?
Yes, I need a hotel in the north, close to the airport, thanks.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north that include free wifi. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, can you check in other areas?
I recommend either the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west or the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Would one of them work for you?
Could you give me the phone number of the Marriott please?
The phone number for the huntingdon marriott hotel is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful stay!


Is there any place serving cheap [indian] food?
I found three in the centre part of town and one in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I don't care.
[Kohinoor] is an indian restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre. Do you want the address and phone number?
Of course!
Kohinoor's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 323639. May I help you with anything else?
no thank you . that's all I need. good bye
You're welcome. Goodbye.


Can you help me get a taxi to [pizza express Fen Ditton]?
Sure! Where do you want to depart from?
I want to depart from [sidney sussex college].
Great. Now I'll just need a time from you please.
I can't leave until [after 11:45] please.
Ok, you will be riding in a black bmw, the contact number is 07196618284, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I need.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.


Yes, I would love some help finding a train. I would like to leave Cambridge headed to Bishops Stortford.
I have found 70 trains that will get you there. Do you have a specific day in mind?
I want to leave on Thursday.
There are 10 trains on that route Thursday, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I want to arrive by [15:00]
I have train TR0927 arriving at 14:07 is that okay with you?
That is fine. Please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PQQVSRVH . anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel as well. I need it to be moderately priced in the east, with free wifi.
There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes please that would be wonderful!
I recommend the [Warkworth House]. It's a 4 star moderate goes house with wifi and parking.
That one will work. Please book it for Tuesday. 2 nights, 7 people.
Okay you are booked for the Warkworth House and your reference number is 5D2ZGIE . Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it. Thank you for your time and helpfulness.
You are very welcome. Have a great morning.


I am looking for a train which departs from Cambridge and arrives in Kings Lynn. Can you help me with that?
i have 133 trains matching your preferences. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday anytime after [16:45].
I have 7 trains leaving Cambridge on every :11 starting at 17:11. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
No. Anytime after 16:45 is fine please.
TR8627 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn by 17:58. Would you like to book it?
I would also like information for [ADC] Theater. What is the address and phone number?
The address in park street. The phone number is 01223300085.
Thank you. What area is adc theatre in? I would also like to book TR8626 and would like to know the travel time.
How many people would you like to book the train for?
That's unimportant I'm just looking for the area
ADC theatre is in the center of town. The travel time for your train to kings lynn is 47 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it, thank you.
Have a good day


I would like to find out about going to a park in the west.
There are no parks in the west. Would you like me to look in another area, or for a different attraction?
What about a museum on the west side?
Sure. There are 7 options. Do you have any preference as far as entrance fee?
Free is great for entrance fee. I'll just need the postcode.
Cafe Jello gallery is free. Their postcode is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train to leave after [12:30]
there is a train leaving for london kings cross at 13:00, would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, thank you - were you just going to book a random day for me?
Where are you traveling from and your destination? Also what day?
I need to go Cambridge from London Liverpool street on Thurday, please.
Okay! How about the 13:59 train? It's the earliest one after 12:30.
THat sounds great, can I please get 6 tickets?
I booked you 6 tickets on the TR4187. Your reservation is OQ5TX031 . A total of 99.6 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!
thank you for using this service good bye


I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the centre of town.
I can help you with that. There are 2 guesthouses that meet those requirements. One is a 4 star and one is a 0 star.
i want the one with 0 stars if it has free wifi
It does have free WiFi. Are you ready for me to book the room?
Yes I'd like to book for wednesday, 2 people staying for 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is HICMIAVH .
thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for theatres in town. Do you have a favorite?
Well, there are several. But I like the [mumford theatre]. It's also in the town centre.
Can I get their postcode and phone number please?
The phone there is 08451962320. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks!
Glad I could help, enjoy the rest of your day.


Yes. I'm looking for a train, please.
Of course. Where will you be departing from and arriving? When would you like to leave?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Sunday.
There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on sunday, do you have a destination or time?
Well, I'm thinking I need to leave sometime after [10:45] for Norwich.
There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 11:36 which arrives at 12:55. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket please.
Your booking was successful. The ticket fee is 14.08 pounds and is payable at the station. Your reference number is 23G7RUXL . May I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you very much. I am all set. Have a nice day.
You too. Good bye.


I am looking to stay at a 4 star rated place in the moderate price range.
What area would you like it to be in?
I don't have a preference for what area, I do however want free WiFi. I would also like to stay in a guesthouse.
Then may I suggest the [a and b guest house]?
yes can you book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?
The guesthouse is located on the east side at 124 tenison road. I am trying to book it but the system must be busy. I'll try again in a minute.
Please try again
Booking was successful your ref number is 1R8GSLHI, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find an [Indian] restaurant in the north please.
You have two options, The Nirala is moderately priced, [royal] price is cheap, any preference?
I want the cheap one.
royal spice it is. Shall book it for you ?
On second thought, I'd like to go with [Nirala]? My friends want to try something a little more moderately priced. Can you give me the postcode, address and phone?
The address of the [Nirala] is 7 Milton Road Chesterton at the cb1uy postcode. Their number is 01223360966.
I also will need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant by [02:15].
I have booked grey volkswagen with contact number 07588046247. Anything else I can be of help?
Thanks that will be all for today. Goodbye.
Goodbye, enjoy your stay


I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
Do you have a preference on the type of food?
Yes. I would like [Greek] food please.
I'm sorry there's no matches for greek food.
Okay, can you search for [british] food instead then?
There are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest [fitzbillies restaurant]?
That sounds great. Could you book a table for 2 people at [15:45] on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BSMDJMXH . Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you that's all I need today.
Okay, great. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.


I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
I am showing five hotels that fit your criteria. They all offer internet and parking. Is there a specific area you want to be in?
No, but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse.
I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive guesthouses with 4 stars, but there are 18 moderately priced 4-star guesthouses. Would that be okay?
Is there one available in the cheap price range?
I have 7 cheap 4 star guesthouses,can I recommend [autumn house]?
yes that sounds nice, can you check for booking for 5 people and 3 nights starting from monday?
Yes, I will book at autumn house for 3 night for 5 people starting Monday.
Can I get that reference number please?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look at another hotel?
please recommend another hotel in that same price range.
[Alexander bed and breakfast] is is the centre location. Also a 4 star cheap guest house. How does that sound to you?
Book it please.
I have made reservations starting monday for 3 nights and 5 people the reference number is JCCYU8ZS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.
Goodbye. Have a great day!


I am looking for a restaurant that serves [Catalan] food in any price range.
Where would like it to be located?
It does not matter.
Do you have a certain price range?
no, I don't care
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving Catalan food.
Is there a restaurant that serves [international] food? Can you give me the address?
There are three. How about [the varsity restaurant], their address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I will try that one. Thank you and good bye.
Thank you for calling this system. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in the center that serves [asian oriental] food.
There are 4 Asian restaurants in the centre. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for moderately priced restaurants.
Sure, how about [dojo noodle bar]?
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 6 on Thursday at [20:00]?
You're reference number is W3BAE5PR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I need a train for the same day but it needs to arrive by [09:30].
Sure. Where are you departing from and where do you need to go?
The train should depart from london kings cross and should go to cambridge
There are 2 the latest train arrives at 08:08 will that be ok?
That works. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for that train arriving at 8:08?
The train ID is TR4016. Each ticket costs 23.60 pounds each. And the travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book you any tickets?
No, I'm sure I'll be able to just deal with it at the station. Thanks for everything!
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Can you tell me about the [city centre north b and b] hotel?
It's a guesthouse in the north. It's cheap, and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
Yes please. We will be arriving on Sunday for 3 nights. There are 7 of us.
Oh great. your booking was successful and your reference number is EBL4A5DL .
I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre area, what do you recommend?
There are many is there a type of food you'd prefer?
I would prefer [portuguese] food please.
[Nandos City Centre] is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yeah I want a table for 7 people on sunday at 18:00
I cannot book it for you. Would you like any more information?
Is the [17:00] time slot available for 7?
I can book it for you at 17:00 but I need to know what day, I can do Monday for you.
Is there another restaurant in that area with portuguese food?
Sorry for the confusion, I booked the restaurant for you and the reference number is 6UDMBSI2 . Anything else today?
I need a taxi. I want to be taken from the hotel to [nandos city centre], arriving by [17:00]. Please give me the car and contact information
Your all set! A blue volkswagon will be picking you up the contact number is 07525527431, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks for all of your help you've been great!
You are welcome enjoy !


I need a particular hotel called the [Leverton House].
I have located the Leverton House. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please I would like it booked for 4 people. I would need this for 3 nights starting with monday.
I'm sorry. I couldn't book the Leverton House for that day. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range, please.
Okay. I was able to book you into the [Allenbell] and your reference number is MLL5WTH5 .
That is wonderful. Thank you for your help.
Thank you. Please call again if you need anything else.


I need to find a hospital with an [emergency department].
I've got Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Would you like the number?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode?
The post code is CB20QQ, anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help!
The phone number for the emergency department is 01223217118 if you needed that too. Have a good day.
Can I have their address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need any more information?
Yes could I have their postcode as well?
Certainly the postcode is CB20QQ. What else can I do for you today?
I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!
No problem. Bye.


I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a theater.
ADC Theatre is in the centre of town.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223300085 and postcode is cb58as.
Do you know if [Alexander bed and breakfast] offers free parking?
Yes I can confirm the Alexander offers parking. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
No thanks, I was just looking for information. I think that takes care of everything I needed. Thanks for the help.
Okay, great!


Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi.
Sure, the Cambridge Belfry fits that bill. It has great reviews and is cheap. Can I get more information for you?
Does that also have free parking? And I forgot to mention I'd prefer a guesthouse.
In that case, the Cambridge Belfry would not work. It's a hotel, not a guesthouse. The [Acorn Guesthouse] has wifi, parking, is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Book for me 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Your booking was successful.Your reference number is : 6UPHIRT7 . Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to eat that serves [Scottish] food that is in the expensive price range.
I'm afraid there aren't any scottish places in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there a [French] restaurant?
i have 2 places that serve french food and are expensive. one is restaurant two two. the other is cote. which would you like?
I'll book a table for [Cote]. 1 person at [16:15] on the same day as the hotel booking.
I have made the reservations and your reference number is 4WK86HPM .
thanks alot. have a good day
You're welcome! Have a great day as well.


I'm looking for a train to depart Cambridge leaving on Wednesday, can you help me?
There are over 200 trains departing Cambridge on Wednesday. What will be your destination?
I will be leaving from Cambridge. I need to go to Peterborough.
There are 38 trains leaving from cambridge to peterborough. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after [14:00] and make a booking.
I can book you on the TR 3587 leaving at 14:06 and arriving by 14:56. Would that be good?
Yes,and the reference number as well, please.
I will be glad to book this for you and get a reference number. Do you only need one ticket for yourself?
I would like to book for 5 people.
Your tickets have been reserved. The total will be 82.5 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is FSS5PPSG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend a good [Turkish] restaurant, moderately priced, in the centre of town?
Yes. Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would be a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table at one of them?
[Anatolia] sounds great. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone?
Anatolia's address is 30 Bridge street City Centre, the postcode is cb21uj, and the phone number is 01223362372. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No, that will be all thank you.
You are welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye!


Could you book me a room at the [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] for tomorrow?
Sure what time would you like to check in?
I would like a room for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people. Can I please have a reference number for this once it is booked?
Your reservation for Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is ready for you. The reference number is U5BRMYHP . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to find an [indian] restaurant in the centre of town.
May I book you at the curry garden?
What is the price range? I need something that is cheap, but good.
The curry garden is expensive. How about [Kohinoor]. It is cheap, good and also located in the centre of town?
That sounds good. May I please have the address?
They are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thank you, that's all I need for today.
Thank you very much. Goodbye


I am looking for expensive [Corsica] food.
There are no expensive Corsica eateries, would you like to try another criteria?
How about [Indian] food instead?
Yes, there are quite a few expensive Indian restaurants. What part of town would you prefer?
How about the west? Could you give me their postcode and telephone number?
I have five Indian restaurants in the west. May I suggest [Tandoori Palace]?
That will be fine as long as it's expensive. Can you tell me the postcode and phone number?
The postcode for tandoori palace is cb43le, and the phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I don't need anything else at the moment.
Thank you and goodbye.


I'm so bored! Can you find me something to do on the west end of the city, please?
We've got 13 attractions in that area 5 colleges, 1 entertainment center and seven museum. Do you have a preference?
None, what is one that you would recommend?
I find the [museum of classical archaeology] fascinating. It's also free! Would you like any more information on it?
A free museum is a great choice. What is the address so I can go right away?
The Museum of Classical Archaeology is located on sidgwick avenue in postcode cb39da. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the attraction type for the museum of classical archaeology? Then, I will have another topic for you.
It is a museum located in the west. They are located on Sidgwick Avenue. What else can I help you with today?
I'd also like to find an expensive [Indian] restaurant.
I've found [curry garden], would you like their information?
Can you just book it for me? Table for 1 on Friday at [13:15]. If you can, I would like the reference number.
Unfortunately, booking was not successful. May I try another day or time slot?
Yeah, how about [12:15]?
i was unable to book at that time too, can we try some different time please


Hello. I am excited to see some local tourist attractions on my trip to Cambridge. Can you suggest some places to go?
All saints church is available in the centre of town.
I will be in the east and am wondering if there is a concerthall.
No, there are no concert halls in the east. What else can I assist with?
Can you tell me if there are any swimming pools located in the east?
I have one and it is abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
Can you give me more information on [abbey pool].
Sure! It's located on poolway, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay in the east, moderately priced and with wifi.
[Warkworth House] appears to fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
Does it also have free parking? I forgot to mention I'll be needing that too.
It does have free parking, yes. Would you like me to book you any rooms?
I would! Can you do that for me?
Yes, just let me know the details of your stay and I can book a room for you.
I need a room for three nights for 5 people
What day will you be checking in ?
I am checking in on friday for an extended weekend holiday.
How many days will you be staying?
Oh gosh, I guess you must have missed it. I did say Friday for 3 nights, 5 people.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Isn't that the point of this conversation?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is MUD82719 .
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. I will also be needing a taxi.
Where will you be going?
For commuting between the two places discussed.
What time would you like to leave by?
I want leave the hotel by [18:00].
Booking completed! Booked car type grey tesla Contact number 07501896564
I am all set, thanks.
goodbye, enjoy your time.


I would like to find something to do in the west.
We have some lovely college's in the area some are free some aren't
Can you give me some information about the free options?
churchill college, clare hall, and magdalene collegeare free. All are in the west area and is very nice.
can i get the phone number to churchill college
The phone number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Can I help you with anything else today?
I want to eat at an expensive [European] restaurant.
Sure, would you like that in the west part of the city also?
Yes, I would like it in the West as well.
Great I found the [cambridge lodge restaurant] for you! What would you like to do with it?
May I have the phone number please?
Sure. The phone number to the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is 01223355166.
Did you book a table for me?
I have not booked it as of yet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I just need the phone number please.
Sure! Their phone number is 01223355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that will be all.
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.


A moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town, please. Give me their address and phone number, too.
Do you have a food type preference because there are results for Indian, British, and Italian.
[Indian] is fine
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that'll be all. Thank you!
Thank you, and have a good evening!


Are there any expensive [european] restaurants around?
I found 5 expensive european restaurants. Which area of town would you like to look in?
I don't have a preference, what do you recommend? I'll need the area, address and phone please.
City Stop Restaurant, 01223363270, post code is, cb41uy,Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I also need a train leaving cambridge after [21:15].
What is your destination?
i need it to go to london liverpool street
I have several. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
What times do you have available?
What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday
I would suggest train ID TR5722 which leaves at 21:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 23:27.
That sounds like it would work. Please make a reservation for 4 people on that train, please.
Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: RLF15GH7 . Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks. I think that's all. Have a nice day. Bye.
Great! You're quite welcome. Goodbye!


i want to book a taxi.
Where would you like to be picked up from, and what is your destination?
I am going to [camboats], from [little saint mary's church].
What time would you like to get there?
I need to arrive by [13:15] please?
Ok, I book a black volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07746689138.
Great, thanks so much for your help.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all for now. Thank you
I'm glad I was able to assist you! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.


I have been injured, can I please have the address for a nearby hospital?
Certainly! Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need an appointment with a particular department?
Please give me the phone number and post code.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you very much for helping me today!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you.
I hope all goes well. Let us know if we can help with anything else.


Can you help me find a place to stay for my upcoming trip? I am excited to see some of your local attractions.
Sure, in what area of town were you looking to stay in? What is your price range?
I'm not looking for a specific area but I would like it to be a 2 star and expensive please.
Okay, the [express by holiday inn cambridge] matches the criteria. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Does it have free parking
Yes it most certainly does.
Great. Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
I have booked that for you. Your confirmation number is WPKWG3R7 .
Great. I am also looking for a particular attraction called [Old Schools].
it is a type of architecture located in the centre of town
May I please get the address for Old Schools?
[Old Schools] are located on Trinity Lane. Can I book a taxi for you to visit this attraction?
Yes, actually. That would be very helpful. I want to leave the hotel by [11:00] to head over there.
I booked that for you and the contac number is 07901150688
Thank you that is all.
Thank you so much for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.


Saturday train from Norwich please.
The train from Norwich to Cambridge is about 45 minutes. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Yes please. I would like to arrive by [14:00].
The best response I have to that is a train arriving at 13:35. Would you like me to book that option for you?
Yes, for 7 people please.
You have been successfully booked for 7 people on Train TR2334, Reference number 01MDBEIB . It departs Norwich at 12:16. Your total cost is 98.56 and is payable at the station.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel with a star of 4 of course that will include free parking.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Before you book, the hotel has to be in the north, also. Do you have a hotel meeting my needs?
The [Cambridge Belfry] is perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book that for the same group of people for 4 nights the same day. Wednesday would work also, and I need the reference number.
Unfortunately, I can't book either days for you.
Is there any other hotels that would work in that area that are 4 star?
I don't have any hotels in that area that are 4 star. I do have several guesthouses. Would that work for you?
No, I would really like a 4-star hotel in the north area with free parking. Can you please check again?
Sorry, there are only guesthouses.
I guess we will take a guesthouse then. Which one would you recommend?
I recommend the [acorn guest] out. Shall I book that then.
Yes for 4 nights same group of people as the restaurant reservation and also on the same day please.
Great, I have booked you for acorn guest house. Your reference number is O2JPQNG5 .
Thank you very much. That's all I need.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay


i am looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves [creative] food.
We have no restaurants that serve creative food anywhere in Cambridge. Can I find you a different style of restaurant in the center?
What expensive restaurants are in the centre?
There are quite a few. asian, british, african, or a gastropub are just a few choices. Do you have an idea of the cuisine you'd like to try?
I would like to try [Italian] food.
I have several. Would you like me to suggest one for you?
If you could, just go ahead and pick an expensive one. I'll need a table booked on Monday at [19:30]. It will be 6 people.
How about [clowns cafe]? It's expensive.
Ok, please book me for 6 people at 19:30 on monday.
Alright your booking number is 3HZR0O30 . How else may I help you?
I am also looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called [magdalene college].
Yes, it is located in the west area and has the postcode CB30AG. It is on Magdalene Street and has a free entrance fee.
Thank you! What is the attraction type?
It is a college. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
that should be all. thank you very much.
Let us know if you need help further.


I'm just looking for a cool place to go later.
Which area do you want to go to?
I would like to visit a college, what would the entrance fee be?
Almost all of them are free. [Christ's college] is famous and free. What part of town do you prefer?
I don't prefer a part of town. I need to find a train to get there. Can you help me with that too?
Yes, when would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on tuesday.
Christ's college is located in Centre. Where will you be departing from on Tuesday and what time?
hold the phone. what is the entrance fee for christ's college?
Christ's College is free admission.
Great I also need a train departing from birmingham new street and arriving by [18:15]
I'm sorry there are no trains that fit that criteria. Would you be able to arrive any later?
Are you sure? Can you please check again for a Wednesday train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, arriving by 18:15?
I am sorry I cannot find anything for those specifications
I find it hard to beleive there are no trains arriving by 18:15. It doesn't need to arrive AT 18:15 just before that. Please check again.
TR2286 leaves birmingham new street at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes. May I book this for you?
Yes please, just one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JWJXOOQU .
Thank you that is all I needed today.
I'm sorry for the confusion earlier, I hope you have a lovely time here.


Could you help me find an [Austrian] restaurant please?
I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants. Is there another type that might interest you?
Darn, I was really hoping to find a cheap Austrian restaurant. Would you mind checking one more time?
I'm so sorry but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food. Can I look for another cuisine style for you?
Ok, how about a cheap [Chinese] restaurant?
We have four cheap Chinese restaurants. Are you interested in the south or centre area?
I am interested in the centre area.
The [golden house] is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like a table for 3 on Saturday at [18:30].
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 18:30. Does another time or day work for you?
Sure, try [17:30].
I was able to make your reservation for 17:30. Your reference number is VGGQ2AP9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all.
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day.


Hi there! I need some information on the [Hamilton Lodge], please.
The Hamilton Lodge is at 156 chesterton road cb41da. Their phone number is 01223365664.
Ok thats the one. Can I reserve a room for 8 people starting Saturday? We will be there 4 nights.
Yes, I have booked a room for you. Your reference number is DCI7OE9W . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something expensive in the west.
Would you be interested in Indian Food? [Cocum] is a great restaurant I'd recommend.
Sounds great, no need to book yet, I have to check with the real boss, my wife. Can I get the postcode and address for now?
The postcode is cb30ah; and the address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. May I help with something else?
No. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye
You're very welcome. Have a great day!


I am looking for a cheap [Asian Oriental] restaurant.
Great! There are 2 cheap Asian Oriental restaurants in the city centre. Would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people, Saturday night at [6:00pm].
I am sorry, but there is not a table available at that time. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
I'm sorry, I was actually looking for a reservation for Monday at [16:15]. Are there any tables available at that time?
I have you at [J restaurant], 1[6:15], reference number is : ENOZR5HA . Anything else?
Great thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I actually need a table for 6 people not 2 @ 18:15 on Monday.
Okay I have amended that reservation and your reference number is NMJIT3AV .
Thank you so much and I apologize for the confusion on my part. That is all I need for now. Bye.
Okay. No worries. Enjoy your dinner!


I am looking for a museum on the west side of town.
There are 7 museums in the west.
Which one is the cheapest?
I would go with [kettle's yard] since it is free. Would you like more information?
What is the address?
Their address is Castle Street, cb30aq. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also wanting to find out some info on a restaurant called [The Gardenia].
That is a great Mediterranean place. What would you like to know about it?
i would like to make a reservation there for Wednesday. There will be 6 people.
Alright I will connect you so you will get tickets for the event.
Event? I want to book a table at a restaurant please.
What time would you like your reservation?
Let's shoot for [16:45] please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KF2WIGAS . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a taxi to commute between the to places.
I have you leaving at [16:15] and arriving at 16:45. It'll be a white volvo and the number is 07193127325
Thank you so much.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a train coming from cambridge leaving on thursday?
There are 202 trains departing Cambridge on Thursday. Where do you plan to head to that day?
I will be going to Leichester.
Yes I have many options. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by [21:30] if possible.
Train TR3255 is arriving at 21:06,is that okay for you?
That could work for me.
How many tickets please?
I don't need to make the reservation now. Thank you though. I would like the address for [Cambridge Contemporary Art] please.
The address for that is 6 trinity street.
thank you, that will be all. good bye.
Thanks for using our service today, glad I was able to assist you. Hope you have a great day.


Can you book a hotel room for me?
I'd love to. What price range where you looking in?
I'd like cheap.
Best choice will be the [Cambridge Belfry], rated at 4 stars, but very inexpensive. What night will you be checking in, so I can get a booking started for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?
Yes, how many people will be attending?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is X1ZCL9AO . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i am looking for a college to visit on the west side of town..
There are 5 in that area. 3 have free entrance while the other 2 charge 2.50 pounds.
pick a free one for me and get me the entrance fee
consider [clare hall], which is a college in the western area of town
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help.
You are quite welcome. Can I be of any further assistance for you today?
That's all for today. Thank you
I'm happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!


I am looking for something to do in the centre of town.
Do you have a particular preference on what you want to see?
No I don't have a preference for exactly what it is.
[All Saints Church] is a nice place to visit, and it's free to get in.
Okay, that's great to know. Thank you. Now I will also need help finding a train please.
I can help you with that. Please let me know what day and time you want to leave and where you'll be leaving from.
I will leaving on tuesday and need to leave after [8:30].
Can I get your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge. I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street.
Train 2761 leaves birmingham new street tuesday at 08:40. How does that sound?
Thats good good can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure, I can do that. How many tickets do you need?
How much will it cost per person?
It is 75.10 pounds per person. Would you like me to reserve any seats?
No, that would be fine, thanks.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that will it. Thanks!
Enjoy your stay and have fun.


Hi there. I've heard great things about the [Grafton Hotel Restaurant]. Can you find me some details about it, please?
I can do that. The Grafton hotel restaurant is located in the east area, it serves British and is in the expensive price range.
Can I get their phone number please?
Of course. The phone number is 01223241387. Do you need anything else?
I also need information about a train leaving from Leicester.
There are 133 trains leaving leicester. Can you be more specific?
Yes. I need a train going to Cambridge leaving after [19:15].
There are several trains departing from Leicester heading to Cambridge after 19:15. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on saturday.
I have narrowed the selection down to 4 trains. Arrival times are 21:54, 22:54, 23:54, and 24:54. What time would you prefer?
The 21:54 one, what's it's ID and travel time?
The Id is TR2292 and has a travel time of 105 minutes.
What's the arrival time for that?
The TR2292 departs Leicester at 20:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:54, for a trip duration of 105 minutes.
Okay thank you. That will be fine.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your visit.


I would like to find a cheap restaurant. It should be in the North side of town.
what type of food do you want?
No preference for food type, thank you.
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town.
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town.
Which one do you prefer? Da vinci pizzeria or Royal Spice?
[Royal Spice], give me their address please.
It's Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Would you like the phone number?
No, thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you and goodbye!


I would like to book a taxi leaving after [10:00] from the [Cambridge book and print gallery].
Could you tell me where you would like to go?
I would like to go to the [Bloomsbury restaurant]. Could you send me the contact number and car type of the taxi, once it's booked?
Of course! Look for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07346991147. Would you like anything else?
No, thank you for your quick help. Bye.
anytime! let me know if you need anything else


I am looking for a restaurant in the north that is in the cheap price range.
Would you prefer Indian, or Italian?
Actually I had [Japanese] in mind.
There are no Japanese restaurants in the cheap price range in the north part of town. Should I check another part of town?
Okay, how about [Italian] instead?
Da Vinci Pizzaria matches your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
No, but could you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Could you see if there's a swimming pool in the north area, as well?
There are two swimming pools in the north area. The Jesus Green outdoor pool, and the Kings Hedges learner pool. Would you be interested in either?
Can I please have the phone number and postcode for those?
Here is the phone numbers and postcodes for both jesus green outdoor pool 01223302579 cb43px kings hedges learner pool 01223353248 cb42xh is there anything else i can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Your welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Can you find me a multiple sports attraction in the centre?
Sorry there's no multiple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?
Yes, quite a few! There's Broughton House Gallery, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to know more about them, or the others?
Yes I would love some information.
There are 11 museums in the area. They are all free. There are several art museums, an archaelogy museum, and a science museum.
Could I get the address, phone numbers, and postcodes of them please? I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne.
Primavera is at 10 King s parade CB2 1st, the phone number is 01233357708. What day would you like to board the train?
Sunday, and it should arrive by [12:00].
Train TR9580 departs from Cambridge at 10:01 on Sunday and arrives at Broxbourne at 11:01. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and get me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IRD8RUWO . Do you need help with anything else?
No, actually. I am all finished. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.
Okay great, have a good day.


I am looking for information in Cambridge
And *I* am looking to give you information. Perfect match! What would you like to know?
Can you find me [alpha-milton guest] hotel?
It is located in the north at 63 milton road
Well I'm not certain. I was hoping you could tell me. Is there more than one guest hotel named alpha-milton?
No, just the one. Can I help you with any other information?
no, that's all. thanks! goodbye
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Goodbye!


I'm looking for a train to Cambridge.
There are several trains leaving for Cambridge. The next one leaves at 5:17, would you like for me to book a ticket?
I need it to leave from birmingham new street.
What day will you be traveling?
On a wednesday
What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to arrive by [13:15].
There is a [9:40] that would arrive by 12:23. How does that sound?
sounds great. please book it for 8 peoople.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HL9K5T9V . Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a restaurant in the centre that's mid-priced?
There are 21 restaurants that fit that criteria. Is there a specific type of food you want to eat?
Yes please - I'm craving [British] food.
I recommend [Cotto], they're found on
You seem to have cut off? Anyway, can you book a table on Wednesday? It'll be 8 of us and we'll be coming in at [18:15].
Your reservation for cotto is all set! Your reference number is DXADBU6Q . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all I needed today. Good bye.
Your welcome, I am glad I was able to help.


I am looking for a restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant if available
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
I'm sorry, I'm actually looking for a restaurant that serves [cuban] food in the North.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request. Would like to try another part of town?
how about a [french] restaurant?
[restaurant two two] is a french restaurant in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?
Yes when would you like to book?
Actually, I just need a little more information. I don't need to book right now. What is the price range for this restaurant?
It is an expensive restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. What else would you like to know?
Just the postal code and phone number please.
The postal code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book the restaurant for you?
No but I would love it if you could find me something fun to do in the same area, maybe something boat related.
The [riverboat georgina] is in the north and great fun. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax. Do you need more information?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the attraction, leaving the restaurant by [15:30]?
I need the name of the restaurant
It's a french restaurant, Two Two, I believe.
I have booked the taxi it is a red volvo with contact number 07626130412.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling.


I'm looking for a sports facility in the town centre.
Unfortunately, I do not have any sports attractions in the centre of town. Can I look in another area or for a different type of attraction?
How about a museum instead?
How about, the [Cambridge Contemporary Art] Museum located at 6 trinity street?
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
The number there is 01223324222. Anything else?
What's their postcode, and how much is it to get in?
There is no entrance fee; it is free. The postcode is cb21su. May I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you.
Excellent. Take care!


I am looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on Saturday.
I am getting the train schedule on my computer as we speak, where will you be coming from and what time?
I'm leaving Ely and want to be in Cambridge by [12:15].
We have four trains arriving by 12:15. Is there any particular time you would like to leave by?
No, I don't need to leave by a particular time. I want to arrive by 12:15 though.
TR3052 will arrive at 11:52, would that work for you?
Yes, it would. Please make a booking for 3 people and provide the reference number. I will also need a place to stay.
booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : QSAS4UNL . what else can i do for you
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 4.
We have many to choose from, would you like a recommendation? or is there something specific you want?
No you can choose one for me.
Ok, I recommend [Alexander Bed and Breakfast], it's a cheap 4-star hotel in the centre, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please, 4 people for 5 nights on saturday.
Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JVTIZ6EI . Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye
Happy to be of help, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to leicester.
Do you know when you will be traveling?
I need to arrive by [20:45]
Almost there, Ive got the time and route in, but never got a date, what day will you need this?
I need to travel on Tuesday. Can I get the Train ID and travel time? Thank you so much!
Train TR0776 arrives in Leicester at 20:06. It departs Cambridge at 18:21. Would you like to book this?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets.
Reference number is : XCUCXU2M . Will you need any more help?
I will need a restaurant for 7 people at [12:45] on the same day at [graffiti].
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LLBY85ZO . Do you need anything else?
no that's all thanks a lot
Happy to help. Goodbye.


I am looking for a place to dine! I would prefer [chinese] food located in the north.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the north. One is in the moderate price range and two are in the expensive price range. Do you have a preference?
I would like one in the expensive range please
I can recommend [the hotpot]. Would you like help making a reservation?
Not at this time. Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode?
The address is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, the post code is cb41ep and the phone number is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I'd like to go somewhere in town, like a boat or something.
If you are interested in boating, I have 4 different venues available. I have some in the north, east and centre of town. Which do you prefer?
How about one in the north?
The [Riverboat Georgina] may interest you then it is located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House in the North with a phone number of 01223902091. Can I help you more?
I will also need a taxi to get to the boat from the restaurant.
When would you like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by [14:15]
I was able to book you a black volkswagen, phone number is 07123207292
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you for using our system!


Can you help me find a train going to cambridge and arriving by [15:30]?
There are no trains arriving at cambridge by 15:30. Is there another day or time you would prefer?
The train should depart from norwich and should leave on monday
Train TR3087 from Norwich to Cambridge arrives on Monday at 14:35. There are also eight earlier routes if you prefer. Would you like me to book any tickets?
how much does it cost?
that will cost you 17.60 pounds.
How about a hotel room?
Sure, what type of hotel are you looking for today?
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.
I don't have any hotels in that area meeting those criteria. Could we change some of the criteria?
Yes try a different area.
There are some guesthouses available. Would that work?
Yes, that would be fine.
How about the [alpha-milton guest house] in the north?
I think so. Does it have wifi and parking included?
The Alpah-Milton Guest House does not include internet or parking.
OK, well I do need a room someplace with internet and parking. I need a room for 3 people, 3 nights.
I could get you a room at the [Hamilton Lodge]. What day are you arriving?
Can you book that for 3 people for 3 nights the same day as the train?
Absolutely! I just need to know what day you will be getting there?
We will be arriving on Monday around 15:30.
I have booked the hotel. The reference number is V88NRWC6 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
NO that was all I needed. Thank you so much.
Welcome, have a lovely day.


I need a hotel. It needs to be a three star and I don't need parking. Can you find me accommodations?
We have just the place! It is called [alpha-milton guest house]. Would you like to know further details?
Is that a guesthouse? I definitely prefer a guesthouse.
It is a guest house, sir. Would you like to make the accommodations?
Does the alpha-milton guest house have free wifi?
Unfortunately, it does not, are you still interested?
I suppose I will be alright without WiFi. Could I have the phone number, area, and price range please?
The phone is 0122331162 . The guest house is located at 63 milton road. For a price range I will need to know the dates you are looking at.
Is the guest house cheap, moderate or expensive?
The alpha-milton guest house is in the moderate price range, sir.
Is that the correct area? And I also need a train going to cambridge, it needs to leave after [12:30]. It should leave wednesday and depart from bishops stortford
Yes it is in the area. Train TR4226 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29. Does this work for you?
Yes it does. Can I get the train ID, arrival time and the price.
The train ID is TR4226, the arrival time is 14:07, and the price would be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book you on this train?
No thank you. That is all I needed.
You're welcome. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a restaurant that serves [Indian] food in the centre of town.
I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I am looking for Indian food in the cheap price range.
I have 3 cheap indian restaurants. Kohinoor, The Ghandi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Which can I tell you more about?
Please tell me about [Kohinoor]. Provide the phone number, address, and postcode.
Sure. The Kohinoor Restaurant is located at 74 Mill Road. The postcode is cb12as, and the phone number is 01223323639.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town, any suggestions? I'd like something of multiple sports in the centre like the restaurant.
I regret to inform you: there are sports attractions nearby of any kind, sorry.
Are there any museums nearby?
[Primavera] is a very popular place. Would you like more information?
If that is a museum, then yes. Please tell me the entrance fee there.
There is no entrance fee for the Primavera and their phone number is 01223357708
Thanks, I won't need any further help today. Take care!
You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!


I am looking for a place to dine in the east part of Cambridge that serves [indian] food.
I've found four in that area. Curry prince and Rajmahal are moderately priced. Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori are more expensive. Do any of these sound good to you?
[Curry Prince] sounds good. Thank you.
Would you like to make a reservation at Curry Prince? If so, for how many and when?
I need a reservation for 7 people on Sunday at [11:30] please and can you give me the reference number?
Great your reference number is 63U62R15
Thanks! I also need a train departing from leicester and arriving by [8:45].
I can help you with that, what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and I want to arrive in cambridge by 8:45.
I have a train that leaves at 06:09 and arrives at 07:54. Would you like me make a reservation?
Yes, and give me the train id, please.
The train ID is TR0466, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket, please.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is : PFLVZ20N . Is there anything else I can help with?
I am all set. Thanks!
I need to report a crime.
You should go to the local police department?
The police department is 01223358966
Thank you for the information
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help!
If that is all you need assistance with I thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, enjoy.


i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with [emergency department]
The emergency department may be contacted at 01223217118.
Can I have the address and phone number
The number for the emergency department at Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223217118 and it is located on Hills Road in Cambridge. Is there anything else you need?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.


I am looking for the [Nusha]. Can you help me?
Sure, that is a fun entertainment venue located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, on Clifton Road.
what is the fee ?
Unfortunately, they often change so we do not have that information. But I can give you their phone number. It is 01223902158. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a book a train, leaving cambridge after [21:30].
Ok and what is your destination?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street on Friday.
TR9557 leaves at 21:59, or, if that is too close to 21:30, TR3138 leaves at 23:59. Do either of those options work for you?
Yes, can you give me arrival times and prices, please?
Yes the train arrives at 23:27 and the price of the fare is 16.60 pounds.
Thank you goodbye
Have a great day.


Can you help me find the hotel [Worth House]?
The Worth House is located in the northern part of town at 152 Chesterton Road, would you like the phone number?
Yes I would like the number and I also need to know what star rating the hotel has.
That hotel has a 4 star rating and the number is 01223316074. Would you like to book that now?
I also am looking for an expensive restaurant in the area of south, thank you
There are 5 restaurants that fit your request. Are you interested in a specific type of food? There are 2 chinese, one indian, one italian, and one mexican.
Could you book me a table for 1 at the [Indian] restaurant for [11:15]? I would also like the reference number. Thank you!
On what day will you be dining there?
Please make a reservation for tuesday.
Great your reference number is XJVS7TQN
Thanks, that's everything I need. Have a nice day!
To you as well! Goodbye.


could you give me information about the [cherry hinton village centre].
Yes, it is a multiple sports venue located in the east part of town, post code cb19ej. The address is Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can look up for you?
What is it's phone number? Also are there any expensive [British] restaurants in town?
Their phone number is 01223576412. What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't have a preference of area as long as it's an expensive restaurant.
There are a number of expensive british places in town. On the east side, there is the [grafton hotel restaurant]. Would you like to make a booking there?
Sounds good! I need a table for just myself at [11:30] on monday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 3SOJSHQN .
Thank you that is all I needed.
enjoy your stay in cambridge


Hi! I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi. The hotel doesn't have to have free parking but that would be nice.
There are many listings. Do you have an area or price range preference to further narrow down?
yes less than 100 a night
There are 29 hotels with those criteria. What location would you like it to be in?
I would like it to be in northern cambridge and have 2 stars.
There are two hotels that meet those criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge.
Try [Ashley Hotel] for 6 people, 3 nights, starting Monday.
Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful is there another time you'd like to go?
Can you try for 2 nights?
Yes, i was able to book the ashley hotel for two days. Your reference number is 6OMRC62I . Can I help with anything else?
I need a place to dine in the expensive price range serving [north indian] food
There aren't any restaurants serving expensive north indian food.
Are there any that serve [british] food?
I have 6 restaurants that serve expensive British food. Would you prefer one in the east, west or centre area?
Centre would be fine. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?
51 Trumpington Street City Centre and cb21rg
Ok great, thank you!
Is there anything else you need help with?
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a local restaurant.
There are 6 restaurants listed, do you have a preference of area?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks again. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.


I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
Thank you. Can I direct you to a specific department?
the [cambridge eye unit] department.
The phone number for the cambridge eye unit is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I have the address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Do you need more information?
No. Thank you very much for your help today.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!


Please find a place to go in the north.
If you'll be in the north, I recommend taking a ride on the [Riverboat Georgina].
What is the postcode?
Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area, its postcode is cb43ax. Would you like to know the address, as well?
I just need the postcode.
Is there any other information I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to dine. I want it to be expensive and in the north area.
There are five places in north, which are expensive what type of food do you want?
It doesn't matter. Something that you would recommend.
I recommend the [Restaurant Two Two]. It's a French restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road.
I like that can you book a table for 5 people at [15:15] on tuesday.
Your table has been booked. The reference number is 2UYMG55P . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else, Thanks.
Thanks for choosing our service, have a lovely day.


I need a train leaving cambridge I want to be at my designation by [17:45].
What is your destination site and what day are you planning to travel on?
I need to arrive in birmingham new street by 17:45 on wednesday.
I have train TR5558 arriving on 17:44 is that okay?
Yes, that will work. Can I make a booking for 7 people please? I will need a reference number.
Yes I will get a confirmation number for 7
Thanks. Again, it is for Wednesday.
Booking was successful for TR5558. The total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 7GOR98HS . Do you need further assistance with anything?
Thanks. I am also looking for a cheap [Chinese] restaurant. Can you help me with this?
Would you prefer in the Centre or South area?
South area please.
I have found [The Lucky Star] that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please for Wednesday at [14:45].
How many people will be in your party?
For all 7 of us, and I'll need the reference number for that as well.
Great. Your reference number is TIA1WMSZ .
Thank you for all your help. That will be it for now.
Thank you is there anything else today that I can help you with?
Thanks for you help. That is all.
Have a good day!


Hi, do you have any trains headed to Leicester from cambridge?
We do. What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday after [13:30].
Sure thing. I have TR1997 leaving Leicester on Tuesday at 14:21. Should arrive by 16:06. Would that work for you? Otherwise, I have later options.
That would work for me, I need 5 tickets please.
Your reservation of 5 tickets on the TR1997 train was successful. Your Reference number is : 8PT9BIRG .
Thank you! I'm also looking for a great place to eat in the centre.
We have many restaurant options in the centre area. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
I would like a [gastropub] in the expensive price range.
would recommend [the slug and lettuce], they are a very good gastropub, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for the same group of people on the same day at [10:30], if possible.
Okay I was able to do that for you and your reference number is M0YQSBT7 .
Wonderful, that's everything I needed. Thanks so much.
My pleasure. We're here any time you need us. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a hotel.
Ok can we narrow our search a little. Where are you staying and what can you afford?
I need a hotel named [University Arms], I need the star of this hotel and the postcode please.
The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town, and their postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town. Can you tell me what's available?
There are 33 restaurants that match your preferences. What type of food would you like?
I would really like [chinese] food please
I have 4 different restaurants to choose from. If I might offer a recommendation, the [Ugly Duckling] is highly rated and has an excellent buffet option.
would i book a table for 1 people at [13:30] on saturday please?
I'm sorry, they don't have anything available then. Would you like me to try another day or time?
How about a little earlier, say [12:30]?
Booking was successful. The tabled will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: ZIEEXAYS
Thank you very much. Goodbye.
You're Welcome! Have a great day!


Hello. I need help planning a train trip.
I'd be happy to help. Are you departing from a specific station, or do you have a specific destination in mind?
I'd like to leave from London and travel to Cambridge on Saturday around [15:00]
Would you like to depart from London Kings Cross or London Liverpool Street?
I would like to depart from Cambridge.
Please state your departure location and your destination. Also, is 15:00 the time you want to leave or to arrive?
I am leaving from cambridge going to broxbourne and want to arrive by [8:30].
How about TR8674? It leaves at 05:01.
As long as it arrives by 8:30 that sounds good. I'll need 7 seats please.
It does and I have booked 7 seats for you. Anything else?
Reference number please?
Sure, the reference number is VATL0RJL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for TownInfo centre for your traveling needs. Goodbye.


Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning? I am trying to find a good place to stay.
Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.
I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?
The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.


Hi there. I need to book a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne.
Is there a day you need to leave? Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive?
I'm sorry, I actually need to travel from Broxbourne to Cambridge. And yes, I actually do need to leave after [13:00] on Tuesday.
All right, the TR8199 train leaves at 13:32 on Tuesday. Would you like me to purchase tickets for you?
Yes, that would be great. I need 8 seats.
Alright, I have your 8 tickets purchased for the TR8199 train. Your reference number is ZJ8KWJQ9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Is there a local hospital that has a [cardiology] department?
Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge has cardiology. Do you need their phone number?
I just need their address and postcode please
Their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ
Thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome. I am glad I could assist you at TownInfo centre. Goodbye.


I am looking for [Nandos city centre] in Cambridge, can you give me directions?
It is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Great. Can you let me know the price range and phone number of the restaurant?
Nandos is rated in the cheap price range. Their number is 01223327908.
In which area of town is it found?
It is in the centre. I can make you a reservation if you like.
Not right now. But could you please also find a museum to go to in the east?
We have 4 great museums in the east, but my favorite is Cambridge Artworks, at 5 Greens Road. It's free to get in!
Great. Thanks for all your help!
I'm glad I could help. Do you need anything else today?
No, you were of much help and I appreciate it
Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.


Hi, I need a recommendation for a restaurant in town.
I know several great restaurants! Do you have a cuisine or location preference? Or maybe a price range preference?
The restaurant should serve [chinese] food and should be in the moderate price range.
I think xxx restaurant is good
Is there a Yelp rating for the restaurant?
I'm sorry, but I don't have Yelp ratings.
ok. book what you deem best and get me the reference number.
Does the Golden Wok sound good? I will need to know how many are in your party and what time you'd like a reservation.
The reservation is just for me this Saturday at [15:45], please.
Before reserving, I just want to confirm you want the reservation for the Golden Wok?
Yes, I would like a reservation for the [Golden Wok], for one person at 15:45 this Saturday. Please give me the reference number as well.
OK, I have your table booked. Your reference number is 0IYMOQTN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Thank you for using our services.


Hello, I'm looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after [21:45].
There are quite a few options open to you, is there a particular destination you have in mind?
I would like to go to broxbourne
There is no train leaving at 21:45, but there is train departing at 21:59 do you want that train?
Does the train leave on Friday?
I apologize. That train does not leave on Friday. For Friday, I have two trains. One departs at 22:01 and the other at 23:01. Does one of these work?
Yes, the 22:01. Book that for 2 people. I need the reference number too.
Your reservation is confirmed forTR9312 Leaving Cambridge at 22:01, arriving in Broxbourne at 23:01. Your reference number is 59C0U68K . Total fee is 35.79, which is payable at the station.
Great, thanks. Can you also provide me with some info on a restaurant called [Travellers Rest]?
Absolutely! That is a British restaurant on the west side of town. It is considered to be in the expensive price range.
Could you please make a reservation for us at [11:15] on the same day?
I'm unable to make that reservation for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about [10:15]?
Your table is reserved for 10:15. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 3H26GVJV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all that I needed. Thank you for your help!
It was my pleasure to help you today. Enjoy Cambridge and text us back anytime!


I'd like to get some [Latin American] food, nothing cheap, but shouldn't be expensive either.
I am very sorry, but I do not see any restaurants in the area that match your criteria.
Is there a restaurant that serves [Italian] food in the same price range?
We have 5 entries that match your search. Do you have a particular preference further?
What areas of town are those restaurants in? I'd like addresses and phone numbers please.
Two are in the centre, one in the south, one in the west, and one in the east.
Just hook me up with whichever one you like the most.
How about [Prezzo]. It's at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Postcode cb30ad. Phone number 01799521260.
That's great. Thanks! I'm also looking for a train to Broxbourne leaving after [21:30].
I can help with that, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive on tuesday. And I am departing from cambridge.
I show trains departing on Monday after 21:30 or Tuesday after 21:30 all arriving on Tuesday. Which day would you like to depart?
I would like to depart on Monday. What will be the arrival time and price of that train?
Train TR9611 will arrive in Broxbourne at 24:01. It will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's ok. Thank you for all of your time today.
You are welcome. Have a beautiful day.


I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at that includes free wifi. Can you help?
Do you have a location preference?
I would like to stay in the east, if possible.
We have three moderate priced places to stay in the east with free wifi, would you like a recommendation?
Yes but to help it doesn't need to have free parking.
i can book you one if you provide me with more information on it
Can you pick one and send me the postcode, address and phone number?
a and b guest house 124 tenison road cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702
Thank you! I also need a reservation at the [Saffron Brasserie] for 2 people at [15:45] on Wednesday please.
Okay I have your reservation for the Saffron Brasserie booked and your reference number is QJ98YT0F .
that is it for today thank you very much
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.


Hi, I am looking for a hospital, the Addenbrookes Hospital. Where is that please?
The hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. The postal code is CB20QQ. Do you need more information?
I need their phone number, please.
Their general phone number is 01223245151. Is there anything else you need?
That would be it. Thank you.
welcome. at your service next time
Thank you for your help
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.
The [acorn guest house] is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?
Sure! The reservation is set. Your reference number is EOPOKFF6 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.
There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at [5:15] would be a good time thank you
There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
Woah now, that's way too early. I actually don't need to get in until [19:00].
I hear ya'. How about TR1038? It leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and gets into Birmingham New Street at 18:44. Would that work for you?
What's the price per ticket and travel time for that one?
75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minute trip. Is there anything else, that I can assist with?
Have a nice day.
You too. Have a great trip.


Can you help me find a train? I am looking for to take me to Birmingham New Street and it should leave on Saturday.
Train TR4975 leaves at 05:01 Saturday. Who you like me to book it or shall I list more train options?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge after [15:30].
I found that TR3245 is likely suited for your needs. It departs at 16:01 on saturday evening. May I book that for you?
Yes please, book it for two people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.
Ok, I have booked travel for two people on TR 3245 leaving Cambridge at 1601. Reference number XI0220XD for your records.
I also want to find a place to go. I'm looking for a museum in the east.
We have four to choose from. Any particular preference?
Doesn't matter. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and phone number please?
The Cambridge Artworks museum is located at 5 greens road. Their phone number is 01223902168, and it's free to get in. Can I help with anything else today?
Nothing else, thank you lots.
You are welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.


I'm looking for an economy hotel in the west.
There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel in the cheap price range. Which would you prefer?
I would like a hotel that offers free parking.
The [Cambridge Belfry] meets that criteria. Would like to me to help you book a reservation?
Yes, I've got a group of six and we want to stay for three nights starting on Friday.
Ok, booking you three nights for 6 people starting Friday.
Thank you, I will just need a reference number for the booking.
The Cambridge Butterfly is not open then, shall I try another?
Yes please find another hotel in the same price range for me.
I have you booked into the [Finches Bed and Breakfast]. Your reference number is C12WFP62 . Is there anything else I can do for your today?
No, thank you. That's all I need.
Thank you. Don't hesitate to call again and enjoy your stay.
Thank you and have a great day.
You have a good day too


i want a place i can watch multiple sports in the centre.
I did not find any places in the Centre of town. Would you like to try another area?
Are there any nightclubs that I could visit, instead?
Sure! I recommend The Fez Club. Their address is 8 market passage
I need to have the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode please.
Those would be 01223519224, 5 pounds, and cb23hx in that order. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes please, I would love if you could help me find an expensive hotel located in the centre
There are two hotels in the centre. [Gonville hotel] has 3 stars. University arms hotel has 4 stars. Both have wifi and parking.
Are they both expensive?
Both are expensive.
Can you book either one for 8 people on Tuesday for 4 nights.
I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If the expensive isn't available, let's try something in a moderate price range.
I was able to book you rooms for 8 people at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is Y28C0SMO . How else may I assist you today?
I guess that is all I need. Thanks!
Have a great stay. Enjoy your time.
I will. Thanks.
I was able to reserve the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights, you confrimation number is Y28C0SMO .


Find me a moderately cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves [russian] food
There are no listings with those criteria. Do you want to change some criteria?
How about [British] food instead?
There are 5 restaurants which match your requirements. Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular part of town?
No any part of town will work.
Would you like me to book you at The Oak Bistro at 6 Lensfield Road?
Can I just get the area, phone number, and postcode of it?
The Oak Bistro is in the area of centre, the phone number is 0122332361, and the postcode is cb21ab.
Thanks. Also I am looking for a guesthouse hotel with 2 stars in the north.
I'm very sorry but there are no results matching your criteria. Would you like to change the star rating, or try a different area?
Can you see if there is just a normal hotel in the north? It still needs to be a 2 star.
Yes, I have 2 hotels in that area and with that rating. The Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes, please. I need a room for 1 person, 3 nights. I'll be arriving on Saturday. The [Ashley] is fine.
I have book it for you. Your reference nummber is: KKCAOAA4
Thank you, that should be all.
Wonderful. Have a great day!


I'm looking for a train on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge by [19:00], can you help me please?
Sure! Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
I'm sorry,I'm confused. You are leaving from Cambridge to go to Cambridge?
No. I am leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne.
Train TR0189 arrives at 18:01. Should I reserve tickets for that one?
Sure please make a booking for 4 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : V7H3P3G7 . anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a 2-star hotel in the west part of town.
There are no 2 star hotels in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search to 2 star hotels in other parts of the city?
Will you check to see if there are any in the north?
I have the [lovell lodge] it is located in the north and is moderately priced with 2 stars. Would you like to reservations there?
sure, for the same group of people on sunday
Ok and I need a reference number please


Can you help me find a hospital close by for an injury I have?
I have information for Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge. If you have a certain department you would like to contact, I can get that number for you.
I just need the adress and the postcode if you have it.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and Postcode is CB20QQ.
Okay that is all I needed.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.


I am looking for a place to visit in the centre of town.
Okay. My computer shows forty-four attractions in the centre of town. Can you give me some more details so we can narrow the search?
No matter can you just recommend one?
Of course, I would recommend the [All Saints Church]. What would like to know about it?
I need the phone number and postcode.
I'd be happy to provide you that information. The address is jesus lane and the postcode is cb58bs. Is ther anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the phone number as well?
The phone number is 01223452587.
I also need a train leaving from cambridge on monday.
Where will you go to ?
I will be travelling to Leicester.
TR8631 cost 37.80 pounds


I need a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse with free wifi
Sure, is there a particular part of town you prefer?
Still deciding that part but would definitely need the expensive price range.
It looks like there are no expensive guesthouses with free wi-fi. Are there any other place you would be interested in?
Can you find any expensive hotels then?
There are 5 hotels that match your request. To help you further I will need to know what part of town you want to be in.
The part of town does not really matter to me. Can you recommend something please and let me know whether or not they have free parking?
huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel that would fit all your needs. It does have free parking. It is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I need info on a place to dine, in the centre area that serves [Italian] food.
Okay. Well, Italian restaurants are pretty popular in that area as there are many to choose from. Do you care about the price range?
no. recommend and give me the price range, postcode and phone number
Okay, sure. There's a great restaurant called Pizza Express located at Regent Street City Centre. They are moderately priced and their phone number is 01223324033.
Thank you goodbye
enjoy your stay in cambridge


I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at with a 4 star rating.
OK, do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be expensive, but have free wifi.
I'm sorry, there are absolutely no guesthouses that meet those requirements. Can I look for something different?
How about a cheap one?
I have several guesthouses in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference in the part of town?
I do not care what area.
How about the alexander bed and breakfast? It is a guesthouse in the centre with 4 stars. It includes free internet and parking. Shall I book it?
Actually I would just like their postcode at the moment.
Sure, the guesthouse postcode is cb12de. Do you need help with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
welcome and have a nice day
I'm sorry I am also looking for a restaurant called [bedouin].
Yes, it's an african restaurant in the centre. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can I book for 8 people on Saturday at [16:00]?
Your table is reserved at Bedouin, the reference number is 8KD5RUKV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.


Hi, I'm trying to find a good place to eat. I heard about [restaurant alimentum]. What can you tell me about it?
They are a great modern european restaurant located in the south. They are moderately priced. They are located on 152-154 Hills Road. Can I reserve a table for you?
I am not quite ready to reserve a table, but may I have the phone number for this European restaurant?
Their phone number is 01223413000
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay in the East.
What sort of place to dine would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate priced guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the east.
I have found three moderately priced guesthouses in the east with four star ratings. Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you just get me the phone number, address, and postcode for the one you recommend?
the a and b guest house's number is 01223315702, the postcode and address is cb12dp at 124 tenison road. Anything else?
That's all, thank you very much!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!


I looking for an [Italian] restaurant that offers cheap food.
We've got about 5 to choose from. All of them are cheaper. Did you have a preference on the area?
I would prefer one on the west area.
The [La Margherita] meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Please book a table for 2 at [16:45] on friday and please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OWGTR8M7 . Will that be all?
No. I also need a train.
We have many trains I can book for you. Where are you departing from and going to?
Departing Peterborough on Friday. Heading to Cambridge. I need to arrive by [09:45]. Do you have anything?
TR1662 departs at 05:19 and arrives at 06:09. Will that work for you or would you like to try a later train?
That one is perfect. Thanks for your help. Good bye
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day too!


book a taxi going to [broughton house gallery] to arrive by [6:15]
I can book that for you, where will you be departing from?
I need to be picked up from [ruskin gallery], please.
I've booked a red Tesla for you the contact number is 0794650059. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is it. Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.


I need a moderately-priced place to stay. I don't care about parking.
Was there a particular section of town you were looking for?
No, as long as it is a hotel and not a guest house. It also needs to have free wifi please.
Ok, I'm showing three hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. I suggest the [lovell lodge] in the north.
i request you to book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PF88WYIU .is there anything you want me to do?
Was that the Lovell Lodge that was booked?
Yes it was, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i also need to book a train to Cambridge as well.
sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.
OK, we have ten trains that day, any time in mind?
I would like to leave after [15:30]. I will need to book for 6 people.
I've got you all booked! You have 6 tickets on the TR9802 for a total of 99.60 gbp and you can pay at the train station. Anything else?
Can I get the reference number please? I think that that will be all I need. Thanks for your help!
I will get that number for you now.
I just need the reff number for the train you booked. Same group of people will be needing tickets.
Of course. The reference number is FAE4OIMM . Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that's everything for now. Thank you.
welcome anytime you wish to inquire anything
Can you get me the address to every hotel in the north. Thank you
There is only one hotel in the north area and its address is 365 milton road.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed. Have a good day.
you are welcome any time you need us
thanks alot, you are great
Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.


I would like to find an attraction.
Absolutely! Do you have any particular attraction type in mind? Maybe a specific area?
Yes I am looking for architecture and will need the address, postcode and phone number of the attraction.
How about the holy trinity church? The address, postcode and phone number are market street, cb23nz, and 01223355397.
i'm also looking for a train
We have dozens of trains. Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing Cambridge after [21:30] on Sunday. I am going to Peterborough.
TR1784 departs Cambridge at 21.34


I need a taxi arriving by [18:15].
Okay, I can help with that. I'll just need to know where you are traveling to and from
I'll go from [ashley hotel] to [cherry hinton village centre]
You're booked in a grey Skoda, contact number 07960351382. Can I help you with something else today?
No that will be all ty
You're very welcome.


I need the police please.
The phone number for the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966.
Could you also provide me with the post code?
Sure, the post code is CB11JG.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance. Goodbye


I need to take a train from cambridge to peterborough.
There are hundreds of options, I can narrow it down if you have a day, arrival time or departure time.
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive at [16:00]
I have plenty of options for you. Would you like to leave first thing in the morning or in the afternoon?
Earlier is better, since I need to be there by 16:00.
TR3577 will arrive at 15:24 would that work for you?
Yes, how long is the travel and what is the price?
The train ride is 50 minutes and will cost 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. What time does that train leave Cambridge?
That train leaves Cambridge at 14:34.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I also need some help finding an [African] restaurant.
There is a great African restaurant called [Bedouin] located in the Centre. Price range is considered expensive but you get a great experience. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That would be great, thank you.
For how many people do you need your reservation for?
Actually I really do prefer something in the cheap price range. If there is no African restaurants, how about something [Italian]?
I recommend [Ask]. It is in the Center and is in the cheap price range. Can I get you a reservation there?
Actually, can you give me the postcode and phone number? No booking necessary.
Phone is 01223364917, post code cb21uf. Anything else you need?
No, that took care of all my needs. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.
You're welcome. You as well. Bye!


I'm looking for a particular restaurant called [charlie chan].
Charlie Chan is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
I would like to book a table for 7 people at [11:00] on Tuesday
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 9RD3X10V . They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Great, is there a cool place in the west we could check out? Maybe a museum?
Sure, I have 7 museums in the West. I would recommend the Museum of Classical Archaeology. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation needed but I would like the museum phone number, please.
The phone number is 01223335153. May I assist with something else?
That's all for now. Thank you for everything.
You are welcome, please let us know if you need anything in the future.


Hi I am looking for a place to go in town, I want to see multiple sports in the centre of town.
I do not have any places with sports in the centre of town, I'm sorry.
How about a museum then?
There are 11. Did you want the museum to be free to enter?
Doesn't matter. Can you get me the postcode and phone number?
Okay, we got the broughton house gallery. It's number is 01223314960 and the post code is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving by [13:45].
Departure location and destination, please?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.
TR6163 is available and will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07
Are there tickets available for four people?
There are! I've booked 4 tickets for you. The total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 5CJVK4K8 . Is there anything else?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks so much.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo centre.


I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the east
There are no cheap hotels in the area but three cheap guesthouses. Are those ok, or did you want me to run another search?
I think a 4 star guest house would be good.
[autumn house] is located at 710 newmarket road. Want me to book it for you?
No, I don't need a booking, just the phone number please.
Certainly, the phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes information regarding a particular restaurant called [Michael House Cafe].
Michael House Cafe is located in the centre area and serves European food. Would you like to book a table?
no just the address if you have it
Yes the address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Great. I would like you to book a taxi for me. I want to leave the restaurant by [9:45] and head back to the hotel.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey BMW and the contact number is 07956996955.
That is. Thanks for your help !
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Please call again if we can assist you with anything else! Goodbye.


i need info about [cambridge university botanic gardens]
That's a lovely park on Bateman street. What else do you need to know?
What is the cost of admission to the park?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can you tell me their hours of operation please?
I do not have that information their telephone number however is 0122336265
I also need a hotel.
Ok. Can you tell me a little more about your preferences? area? price range?
I'm actually looking for the [Gonville hotel].
Gonville is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I'll be staying 4 nights starting Friday.
How many people will be staying there?
just one person.
Your booking for the Gonville Hotel was successful. Your reference number is Y7TYJA3D .


I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
Sure, we have la margherita which serves italian food and thanh binh which serves vietnamese food. Would one of these work for you?
They both sound great. Now I'm hungry. Thanks for the information!
Would you like me to book a table at either place?
No, not right now. Could you help me find a train leaving Peterborough though?
Yes. There are quite a few trains leaving Peterborough. Can you tell me what day you'd like to travel, and perhaps narrow down the time as well?
I will be traveling in Sunday.
Unfortunately, I am unable to locate information based on your response. Please provide additional details of destination, day to travel, and time to arrive by.
Sure. I need to leave Peterborough sometime later than [16:45] on Sunday. I am going to Cambridge and need 4 seats.
I have a train leaving at 16:48, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I would like you to book that for 4 people. May I have the reference number please?
Yes, the Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3XQ3F49 .
Thanks! I appreciate your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thanks again.
It was my pleasure. If you need anything else just let me know.


I'm looking for a certain hotel, can you help me find it?
Yes I can help. What is the name of the hotel?
It is called [finches bed and breakfast].
I found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Friday. If Friday is not available please check Tuesday.
I have a booking for 4 nights, starting on friday for 5 people.
Thank you. Could I have the reference number for my records, please?
The reference number is ELAA65RK . Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre please.
sorry I am not showing any entertainment in that area something else perhaps?
I will go with a college instead, can you recommend one and give me the postcode?
The best college to visit is Downing College, in postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?
I am good, thank you!
Good bye.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!


I want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving [austrian] food.
There are no restaurants for Austrian food matching your request.
What about [British] food?
There are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Saint Johns Chop House in the west, and Cotto, Restaurant One Seven, The Copper Kettle, and The Oak Bistro in the city centre.
[Saint Johns Chop House] sounds good. Could you give me the phone number?
Yes, here it is 01223 353110.
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.


I was just the victim of a robbery and I need to contact the police please!
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Yes it is, could you please give me their contact information?
Their phone number is 01223358966.
I also need their postcode and address.
Parkside Police Station Telephone : 01223358966 Address : Parkside, Cambridge Postcode : CB11JG there
Great, thanks. I'm all set for now.
Thank you for using our services.


I have a trip on wednesday and I need a train that departs from birmingham new street.
there are many that day. can you specify your destination?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on wednesday. The train should leave after [10:15] and should go to cambridge
TR7940 leaves at 10:40. Would you like me to book some seats for you?
Yes, please book two seats for me at 10:40. What time will it arrive in Cambridge?
You will arrive by 13:23. I have 2 seats booked for you, and the reference number is RBQLUN8O . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the price for the train that leaves at 10:40 for one and the arrival time.
The price is 75.10 per ticket and arrives at 13:23
Thanks so much. Could I bother you to help me find an expensive [Chinese] restaurant?
We have several. What part of town would you like it in?
No preference. But please make sure I get the address.
i recommend a place called [Hakka]. they are located on milton road chesterton.
That is perfect. Thank you that's all I needed today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


Are you able to help me find a hospital in town?
there are several in town, about 66
I just need the nearest one.
Addenbrookes Hospital would be your best bet.
Thanks. What's the address and the postcode?
Hills rd, Cambridge, post code CB20QQ.
Thank you very much for helping me today!
You're very welcome, glad we could be of assistance.


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town, please.
[pizza hut] cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information for them?
Yes, may I have th phone number and address please?
It's phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you! Have a nice day!
Thank you and good bye


Is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving [halal] food?
No, there are no restaurants in the center of town serving Halal food.
Is there any restaurant in the centre serving [spanish] food?
There are two Spanish restaurants in the city centre. What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.
La Raza is located int he centre of town and is in the cheap price range.
[La Raza] sounds lovely. May I have the number and postcode please?
Of course! Their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, I have all I need. Goodbye!
Good bye. It was a pleasure to assist you.
Again, goodbye!
Goodbye.


Hi there, can you help me find a park to visit please?
We have 79 parks in the Cambridge area, what area of Cambridge would you like to go to a park in?
Can you please provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address of a park in the south?
There are two parks in the south, The Wandlebury and Sheeps Green. Which are you more interested in?
How about getting me the address and postcode and entrance fee for [The Wandlebury]. I also am looking for a restaurant called [La Mimosa].
Wandlebury's address is Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham, postcode cb223ae. No entrance fee. La Mimosa is located in the city centre, address is Thompsons Lane Fen Dilton. Anything else?
Could you book a table for me please? I need a reservation for 8 people at [15:45] on Friday.
All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is SX6ZASAF .
That's all I need, thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thanks I will. That is everything I needed.
Have a great day, goodbye.


Can you find a restaurant in the west that serves [british] food?
There are 3 different restaurants that match your inquiry. Would you like to know more about them?
I would like to see if one has a table available at [20:00] on Tuesday for 4 people.
Okay I put in a reservation for you at [Saint Johns Chop House]. The reference number is 5CTS8F6C . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will do thank you very much.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.


We are visiting cambridge for the first time and looking for a moderately priced place to stay for 5 nights that includes free parking. Any suggestions?
Most definitely! We have a wide-range of hotels that offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a particular a particular area in Cambridge?
I think I want somewhere in the east
We have two places to pick from, I recommend the [warkworth house], shall I book you?
Sure I need rooms for 7 people
What day will you be coming in and how long will you be staying?
I want to start my stay on Sunday for 7 people, 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 42Z3RMYG .
Can you recommend a tour of the college near the hotel?
There are no colleges in that area. Should I look in another area?
Why don't you search for a boat attraction instead please
Camboats is the one choice for boat attractions in the east. Can I do anything else today?
Could you give me the address and entrance fee?
Of course. My computer doesn't tell me what the entrance fee is. The address is The Plugh, Green End, Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is it. Thank you so much for your help.
You are very welcome! Enjoy your visit!


I'm looking for a restaurant called [pizza express Fen Ditton], do you have any information on it?
Yes, What would you like to know about it?
Can you tell me if they have a table for 8 available at [12:45] Monday?
Yes they certainly do. I made you a reservation for Monday and your reference number is 8V5QECRH .
Wait, I need to change the booking to friday.
No problem; I've updated your reservation to Friday. Your new reference number is RJQO3OZ0 . Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train after [18:15] on Saturday.
Sure I can help you with that. Where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving from cambridge, and I need to go to bishops stortford.
The TR4673 leaves at 19:29, you'll arrive by 20:07. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to reserve seats on that train. Same group from the restaurant.
Thank you for all your information. Enjoy your lunch at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Thank you very much!
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!


I'm looking for somewhere to dine in Cambridge.
Did you have a particular style of food in mind such as British or Chinese?
yes. it should serve [north american] food and should be cheap
I have none listed for cheap,another price range?
That's okay. How about cheap [Italian] food?
Sure, there are a number of Italian restaurants and pizzerias. What part of town are you looking in?
It should be in the center area.
Okay at the center I have three places serving Italian in the cheap price range. Would you like me to pick one for you?
Yes, please. Can I get their contact information?
The phone number for Ask is 01223364917.
Thank you that is all I needed.
Would you like me to book you a table?
I need the address and postcode.
tha adress is 12 Bridge Street City Centre with postcode cb21uf
Also looking to make a reservation at [Archway House]. 2 people, 2 nights starting from Saturday. Please make the reservation and provide reference number.
Your reservation number is 0KE0V11E, anything else you need?
Not for now, thank you!
You're welcome, have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Thursday for Cambridge.
Where wouold you be traveling from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and I need to leave after [17:15].
TR8714 departs at 17:48 and arrives by 18:38 in Cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to book a seat?
What is the total travel time?
Total travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. As I'll be in the center part of town I'd like to find an expensive restaurant there. Do you have any suggestions?
I certainly can what type of cuisine are you interested in?
Cuisine doesn't matter as long as it's expensive and in the centre. Why don't you choose one and give me the phone number, postcode, and address
I have the [Cambridge Chop House] postcode cb21sj address is 1 Kings Parade and the phone number is 01223359506. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I actually do not need any further assistance today. Thank you, goodbye!
Okay, have a wonderful day, bye!


I am looking for a hotel in North Cambridge
There are 2 hotels in the north. I recommend Ashley Hotel, at 74 Chesterton Road.
I need them in the cheap range
Both hotels in the north are moderately priced, would you like me to look for a cheap hotel in a different area of Cambridge?
No, thank you. I'd like more information on the ones in the moderate price range.
The [ashley hotel] telephone number is 01223350059 and the adress is 74 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they have free parking and wifi?
Yes they are included in both
Great, I'll book Tuesday-Sunday night so that I leave on Monday.
Am I booking for you only or are there others?
No that's all sure you get address and entrance fee.
The address is 74 chesterton road.
Can you let me know the entrance fee?
It is a hotel. There is no entrance fee, but the price range is moderate.
Can you tell me if they have free parking and internet?
Yes the ashley hotel has both free internet and free parking. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like some information on a park near the hotel.
[milton country park] is a very nice park. What would you like to know ?
I want the address and entrance fee information
The [Milton Country Park] is free to get into, and the address is Milton Country Park, Milton. A bit redundant, I know.
Thanks! Can you book a taxi to pick me up at [11:00] at the hotel and take me to the park?
A blue volkswagen is reserved for you. The phone number is 07990624686. Will there be anything else today?
Thanks that will be all I'm needing today. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.


Can I catch a train to Cambridge?
You sure can! Where will you be traveling from, and on what day?
I am leaving Peterborough on Sunday and I need to arrive by [10:15].
When do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15.
TR0774 arrives closest to that time, it will arrive by 10:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please. I only need one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 676ITDRH . Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am going to need a place to stay while I'm in town.Can you recommend a guesthouse in the south?
What price range would you like?
I want to keep it in the moderate range please
Sure, I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guesthouse. It is 4 stars, includes wifi, parking and is in the moderate range. Would you like me to book it?
I actually want a hotel with 3 stars if possible
The bridge guesthouse is in the south with 3 stars. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can I please have their phone number?
Sure there phone number is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. good bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


Is there any [chinese] food around me right now?
Yes. there's a total of 17 Chinese restaurants in town. Are you looking for a particular price range or specific part of town?
I'd like something in the centre of town for a moderate price.
We have jinling noodle bar, lan long house and shanghai family restaurant, any preferences?
Let's go with [Shanghai Family]. What is the address, phone number and postcode?
The address and postcode are 39 Burleigh Street City Centre, cb11dg. The phone number is 01223301761. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross on Thursday.
OKay, what time are you going to depart?
I can depart anytime, but need to arrive by [08:15] please
Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time and the train id for a train arriving closest to 08:15 in london kings cross from cambridge on thursday?
TR8335 arrives at 7:51.Will this one work for you?
yes, that will work. thats all the information i need. thanks. goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.


I am looking for an [Italian] restaurant in the west part of town. Could I also get the phone number and address of the restaurant?
There is La Margherita and Prezzo. Which one were you looking for?
I dont care.
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west of town, and is in the moderate price range. The address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you with anything else.


Can you tell me more information on the [avalon]?
I can! The avalon is a guesthouse in north. What other information do you need?
Can you help me book a 5 night stay there?
Absolutely! First, what day did you want to arrive, and how many guests will be staying?
I'll need to book for 3 people for a 5 night stay starting on wednesday.
Not a problem, I have booked your stay there already. Your reference number is HNG3AW8R . Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.
Your only departure site is cambridge. And the cost is 60.08 pounds.
That's where I am leaving from. I'll need tickets for 3 people and we need to leave after [15:30].
Train TR6725 will be leaving at 05:01 D o you want me to buy a ticket ?
No, I need the train to leave after 15:30. Can you help me find a train at that time?
TR2776 will be perfect for that time. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please. I need three tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M27VMT7N .
Great, that is everything, thanks for your help.
Okay, I hope your visit is wonderful!


i need a place to stay
Is there a certain area in town you would like to stay?
no area but I need moderate prices and wifi.
Okay! There are 17 places to stay. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
get me a 4 star hotel and whether they have free parking and give me their phone number
Okay the telephone number of the Acorn House is 01223353888.
Great! Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for entertainment venues in the city center.
I'm sorry there's no entertainment in the centre.
Is there some sort of concert hall in the centre?
Yes, [The Man on The Moon]. Would you like more info on it?
I would need phone number, entrance fee, and address
The phone number is 01223474144. The entrance fee is not listed and the address is 2 norfolk street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be all for now.
Thank you for calling. Please call again if we can help with anything else. Have a great day! Goodbye.


Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the east with free wifi.
Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse? Do you have any on the east side with free wifi?
I found 7 hotels that are in the cheap, moderate, and expensive range. What would you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Let's go with moderate.
There are 3 entries that meet your requirements.
Perfect! Can you make a reservation for me for 3 people, 5 nights starting Tuesday?
You are booked into the [carolina bed and breakfast]. Your reference number is WXN8W3MZ . May I help you with anything else?
Address please and thats all.
They are located at 138 perne road.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Okay great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.


Hi, I'd like to try some [Indian] food. What do you have?
Oh, there are many nice Indian restaurants to choose from. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Indian restaurant located in the centre,
I suggest [Kohinoor]. The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure. I just need a table for myself at [14:00] on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, they are booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
Okay, let's try for [13:00] instead.
That was successful. Your reference number is HMN75TCM .
Wonderful! I also need some information about a hotel called the [Hamilton Lodge]. Can you help me with that?
I sure can! The Hamilton is a guesthouse on the north side. It is moderately priced, has 3 stars, free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
Can you reserve me a taxi that arrives to the restaurant before [14:00] on wednesday?
Can you tell me where you will be leaving from? Do you want me to make a hotel reservation for you?
I will be leaving from [hamilton lodge] and heading to the restaurant.
Your car is booked. A black tesla will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge and get you to Kohinoor by 14:00. Their contact number is 07942596374 if you need to call.
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.
Thank you. Goodbye.


I'm looking for a college in town.
Is there a particular area you're looking for a college in? [Christ's college] is in the centre area, it is located on saint andrew's street.
Could you give me the address for it?
The address is saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a cheap restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
I have 15 options in that area. Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
I'm open to try anything. Can you recommend one of the restaurants you found in the centre area?
May I suggest [charlie chan]? It meets all your criteria.
That sounds good. Could you book it for 3 people at [18:15] on wednesday?
Not a problem your reservation for Charlie chan is set for Wednesday at 18:15 for 3 people, and your reference number QAU8U9M7 . Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to travel from [christ's college] to [charlie chan] and arrive by [18:15].
I booked the taxi for you. It's a grey Honda and the contact number is 07889503831. Anything else I can assist you with? .
That is all I needed today.
In that case I hope you have a wonderful visit and enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye!


I'm looking for a [Lebanese] restaurant that is expensive in price.
I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive lebanese restaurant. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
No I'd really like lebanese, is there one in the centre area?
I have the Ali Baba restaurant in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Really? The [Ali Baba] is Lebanese?
Yes. The ali baba is lebanese. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 people at [16:45] on thursday.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time?
Is there an opening available at [15:45]? I'll also need the reservation number if it's available.
Yes I was able to make that reservation at 15:45 your reference number XH49SBME .
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough afterwards
There are 16 trains leaving on Thursday after your dinner. I would think 2 hours should be long enough? So there is one at 18:06 I can recommend.
I'd like my train to arrive by [16:45], please.
I have train TR4814 that will be departing at 15:34 and will get you there by 16:24. Would that be something that interests you?
Yes, that sounds like it will work for me. Thank you for the information. That should be all I need today.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.


Yes I am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town.
There are 5 options. What food type would you like?
What type of cuisine options do I have?
You can choose between Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese.
I would like [Mexican], I would need a table for 6 at [16:00] on Monday
I'm sorry, but they have no openings at that time. Care to try a different day or perhaps a different time?
How about [15:00] for 6 people on Monday?
Yes, I've successfully booked your reservation for 15:00. Anything else?
Could I get that reference number?
Yes. The reference number is SEI1ME8K . The [Chiquito Restaurant Bar] will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks! That will be all for today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.


Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?
I would be happy to help. Do you have a preference for the part of town the hotel is in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.
Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel.
There are two in that area. [Huntington Marriott Hotel] and The Cambridge Belfry. Do you have a price range in mind?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
I have successfully booked you at Huntington Marriott Hotel. Reference number is G1WB5WLO . Do you need anything else?
Thank you for the booking. I also want to visit an attraction in the east, something fun involving a boat.
I have [camboats] in the East whose address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you also give me the postcode and entrance fee, please?
ok the postcode is 567438 and the entrance fee is $20


Hello, can you help me find a restaurant for my upcoming trip to Cambridge?
Absolutely! What type of food are you looking for?
I do not care. Just something in the south, moderate range in price.
There are two options that match what you're looking for. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum, which is modern European cuisine. Does either sound good?
i want to reserve a table at [Restaurant Alimentum]
what day and how many people?
I would need it for 3 people for [17:30] on monday.
I have booked that for you and your reference number is 7HRLWXYB . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks! I need to travel to Kings Lynn from Cambridge for 3 people. I need to travel Tuesday night, sometime after [20:00]. I need a reference number please.
I would suggest train TR8387 that leaves at 21:11 with arrival at 21:58. Would you like me to book this one or do you need a different arrival time?
This is perfect. Please book for 3 people and give me the reference number.
Okay, I've booked 3 tickets for you on TR8387. It will cost 29.4 GBP. Your reference number is VF2TRXD0 . Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that sounds about right. Thanks.
Enjoy your visit.


I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What type of information?
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday after [16:45].
Sure, I can help you with that. Where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave after 16:45 and go to norwich please.
TR1309 departs at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like a ticket?
No thanks. I also need places to go in the centre.
We have quite a few nice attractions in the centre. Do you know what type you'd be interested in visiting?
I'm not sure, can you provide me a list of attraction types along with their entrance fees and postcodes so that I can decide?
There are 44 attractions, including architecture, colleges, and more. Does any of that sound appealing?
How about a museum? I'll just need the entrance fee and postcode.
How about the [broughton house gallery]? It's free and at cb11ln.
Great ill check it out. Thats everything I need thanks
Have a great day. Glad to be of service.
Thanks for your time, goodbye.
I hope you have a wonderful trip, thanks for calling!


I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
There are several expensive restaurants in that area. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking to have?
I'm not picky. Could you recommend one?
[fitzbillies restaurant] is an expensive british restaurant, would you like me to book that for you?
sounds great, book a table for 5 people at [12:30] on tuesday with the reference number please
Yes I can and your reference number for the booking is IG75ROGD .
Thank you, I will also like to find a night club.
There are 6 nightclubs in town - 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Which area would you prefer?
Sorry, my friend just advised me that a nightclub isn't for him. He would rather visit some place that has some architecture in the centre. Is there something?
I could recommend [Holy Trinity Church] on Market Street. It's free to get in. Would that work for you?
Yes, I will just need their phone number.
their number is 01223355397
That's all I need , thanks a lot.
You're very welcome! Bye now!


i want to book a taxi. The taxi should arrive by [23:00] and should go to [holy trinity church].
Where do you need to be picked up?
I will be departing from [rajmahal].
Ok, I have a car for you: a yellow honda with the contact number 07123496116
thanks very much for you time
Thank you, have a good day.


Can you recommend a restaurant that serves [French] food? Not too expensive, please.
There are no French restaurants matching your requests. Can I help you with something else?
How about a French restaurant in any price range?
[Cote] is a French restaurant in the city centre in the expensive price range.
Can you please give me their address and phone number
Cote's phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at Bridge Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all I needed to know. Bye bye!
You're welcome. Good bye.


I need a train departing from cambridge arriving by [17:45].
Okay! What is your destination?
I would like to go to Stansted Airport, please.
On what day do you need to travel from cambridge to stansted airport?
I need to travel on Friday. Could you give me the travel time, price and train ID?
Yes the train that departs at 16:40 has an ID of TR7062, and a travel time of 28 minutes and a price of 10.10 pounds.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'll need it to have a star of 2.
We have two options that meet your criteria. Both have free parking and wifi. I would recommend [Ashley Hotel]. Will that work for you?
That sounds great, thanks!
Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I am not ready to book yet. But, can you please tell me the phone number and postcode?
sure phone is 01223350059 and the postcode is cb41er, anything else today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great trip!
Thank you so much! Goodbye.
Bye for real this time!


I need a taxi that leaves from [funky fun house] and arrives by [06:15]
Certainly. What is your destination?
My destination is [Curry Garden].
ok it is a white audi and the contact number is 07088332164
Thank you. That is all I need right now. Good bye.
Glad to be of help! Goodbye.


i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called [golden wok].
If you go there, you are in for a treat. They have excellent food! They are moderately priced and located in the north. They are at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can you assist me in making a reservation for Friday?
Sure. How many people will be in your party and what time would you like to dine?
There will be 7 people at [11:15] on Friday please.
I have successfully made a reservation for your party at the Golden Wok for Friday. Your reference is YCGV7GX9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a 5 star hotel too with free wifi.
There are no hotels that match what you need. Would you be ok with booking a four star?
just that would be nice
Would you like a guesthouse or hotel? Would you like it in the cheap, moderate, or expensive range? That will help narrow it down.
A hotel, please. I'm not worried about the price.
How about the [allenbell] it is a guesthouse located in the east it is also cheaply priced with 4 stars.
Great can I book that for 3 nights for 7 people on friday?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : BNFZMVOX . Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
Okay, what time are you leaving?
I just need to arrive in time for my reservation at [11:15].
I've booked a you a taxi, a blue volvo will come to pick you up. Their contact number is 07808756171
Thank you, that is everything I need
enjoy your stay
Thank you, I will definitely try to do that. Bye.
Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.


I need a train from cambridge to go to london liverpool street
sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Do you know what time you need to depart or arrive by so I can narrow the options?
I will be traveling on a Sunday, and I need to arrive by 14:30
You will be traveling on Thursday or Sunday? You've said both.
I should leave Cambridge on sunday and arrive in london liverpool street by [14:30]. I need 4 tickets and a reference number.
TR5504 would arrive at 13:27, would that work?
Yes, that's perfect. I need tickets for 4 people, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B8QZ32WO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, i need to find a restaurant to visit in the centre of town. Preferably in the moderate price range.
There are 21 that fits your criteria. Which cuisine would you like, to help narrow your choices down?
It doesn't matter.
[Yippee Noodle Bar] meets your criteria, would you like their information?
Yeah, tell me the address for that restaurant and the type of food they serve
They are an Asian/Oriental restaurant, and are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you for using the Help Desk. Have a great day!


Can you tell me about any expensive places to dine in the east side?
There are several. Is there a certain type of food you would like to have?
I would like to go to a [Tuscan] restaurant, please.
Unfortunately, there are not any Tuscan restaurants in town at all. Is there another type of cuisine you would enjoy? Perhaps maybe Italian?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the east that serve [gastropub] food?
[Royal standard] is available, would you like to try them?
Yes, could you book a table for 4 people at [14:45] on sunday?
I was able to do that. Your reference number is 1CYX3L33 .
Great! Let me ask my wife if there was anything else she was curious about.
OK, I'll be here!
I'm sorry, I lied about having a wife. I just need to know if there are any trains to stevenage available on monday.
Where are you leaving from?
The train should arrive by [15:30] and should depart from cambridge. Sorry still no wife.
What about your wife? Does she need a ticket?
No. I just need the train ID and departure time, please.
The TR1898 meets your criteria. The departure time is 13:21. The duration of the trip is 49 minutes.
I need that information emailed or faxed to me, please.
Unfortunately, we do not have that capability. If we do a booking for you, we can provide you with a reference number though.
I think that is all the info I will need.
I do not have a fax machine.
It's fine. I'm over needing a fax machine. I think I've got everything I need.
Great. I hope you and your wife have a great trip.


Well hello there, I'm on a budget and I'm wondering if there are any hotels in the moderate price range that offer free parking
Yes there are. In fact we have some listed in every area. What area, in particular, would like me to check?
Let's start with hotels in the centre. Which ones do you recommend?
Unfortunately it doesn't look like there are any hotels in the centre that meet those requirements.
OK, how about the north then?
What is your preference on star rating ?
I don't care. As longs as it is moderately priced.
what star rating do you prefer?
I am looking in the moderate price range, stars don't matter.
Okay, how about the [acorn guest house]?
That will work can you book that for three nights starting on thursday.
How many people?
Sorry, I don't actually need to make a reservation. I just need to know the postcode, hotel type, and whether they have internet.
It's a guesthouse. The post code is cb41da. I can confirm that they do have internet services.
Great thanks. Im also looking for an [african] restaurant on the north side of town
I do not have an African place in that area. Would you like me to try another place?
I would like an [Indian] restaurant for Sunday then.
The [Nirala] is a moderate priced Indian restaurant, and Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
the moderately priced one
How many people in your party?
There are 2 people total.
What time would you like me to make your reservation for?
at [12:00] on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AVZ1XAGV . Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please provide me with the phone number and address to the Royal Spice restaurant?
the pnone number 01223360966 is and the address 7 Milton Road Chesterton
Thank you for your research. I have no more questions. Goodbye.
Have a great time.


I need a train on friday to arrive by [15:30]
I have 206 trains that arrive somewhere by 14:30. Where are you heading to?
I am headed to Cambridge.
Where are you coming to visit us from?
I'll be coming from Leicester.
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I would just like the id for the train that fits that billing.
TR4625 arrives in Cambridge Friday by 14:54 on Friday. Would you like to book a seat?
No, thanks just needed the ID. Can you please look for a restaurant for me in the centre? In the moderate price range preferably.
There are 21 restaurants matching your query. I recommend cotto.
Does it serve [Turkish] food? If so, please book that for 1 at 20:30 on the same day. If that doesn't work then Monday. Can I have the reference number?
It does not, but there are two restaurants in the centre that do serve turkish food. Do you prefer efes restaurant or anatolia?
Can you book a reservation at [Anatolia] for 1 person at [20:30]?
What day would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have an opening on Friday at that time?
I was able to book a table for you for Friday at 20:30. The reference number is Z88H8Y12 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all your help!
Let us know if we can assist you in the future.


Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me in finding a train for Monday.
There are 2828 trains available Monday. Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.
There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred time that you would like to arrive by?
Yes, I need to leave after [17:30], please. I don't need tickets right now, I'll just need the price, travel time, and train ID.
Of course! The best option is the TR7092 leaving at 17:59 with a duration of 88 minutes. The price is 16.60 pounds. How else may I assist you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay with free parking; I'm planning to rent a car during my stay.
I have found 29 hotels that fit your criteria for parking. What price range are you looking for?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is in the south.
There are three guesthouses in the south with free parking in the moderate and cheap price ranges. Do you have a star or price range preference?
Not really. Would you see if the highest rated, least expensive guesthouse has rooms for 5 nights for 6 people, beginning Wednesday?
I was able to book [Rosa's Bed and Breakfast] for you for 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. The reference number is RTITW2L5 .
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need today.
It was my pleasure to help. You have a great day. Goodbye.


Do you know anything about [camboats]?
I do, they are an amazing boating place in the east part of cambridge with activites for all type of boaters, would you like more information?
Yes more info of what is offered and how can I get there
The address I have for camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Perhaps you can give them a call for more information. Their phone number is 01223902112.
Thank you. Could you tell me their business hours?
No I don't know their business hours but I have a phone number you can use to check with them. It's 01223902112.
Is there an entrance fee at Camboats?
I'm unsure of the entrance fee. You could try calling then with the number I provided though. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train leaving on friday and arriving by [20:00].
And where would your destination be please ?
my destination is bishops stortford
We've got a train leaving at 17:29. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
I dont need a booking. I do need the travel time and the price please.
The travel time is 38 minutes and the price is 10.10 pounds.
thanks that is i need today
you are welcome.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Please feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions. Goodbye.


I am looking for information about the [kirkwood] hotel.
Great! What would you like to know about it?
Do they have internet, and also what is the postcode?
Yes, they have free wifi and their postcode is cb42da. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No that is all, good bye.
Okay goodbye, have a nice day.


Hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?
I certainly can. We have 15 inexpensive restaurants in the center of town. Was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted?
My boyfriend really likes [scottish] food. Would you have anything that offers that?
I do not have any Scottish places fitting that criteria, may I try another food?
Oh wow. That's too bad. How about a good [italian] place?
The [zizzi cambridge] is a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you also give me the address, phone number, and postcode?
Sure thing! The address is 47-53 Regent Street, the phone number is 01223365599, and the postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd like a reservation at [6:30] for a party of 2.
I'll be happy to do that for you. What day would you like the table for?
Actually, I've changed my mind. I'm going to wait on that reservation, thanks.
Okay. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all! Thank you!
Thank you goodbye!


can i find the parkside police station
Yes, they are located at parkside, postcode CB11JG. Their telephone number is 01223358966.
Thanks, that is all I needed. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great night.
You too. Goodbye.
thank you, have a nice day.


I'm looking for something to do in the centre of town.
Great! I found a lot of things that match what you're looking for. Do you like architecture?
I would really like it to be a attraction type.
No problem. There are a lot of other options like boating, cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, a park, theatres and swimming pools. What are your interests?
Any of those will work. Which one is your favorite and where is it located?
I'd try the cambridge contemporary art museum, at 6 trinity street.
I also need a train on Wednesday, arriving by [19:00].
I can help you with that. What are the departure and destination cities you were looking for?
I'll be departing from Leicester, headed to Cambridge. What do the prices look like?
The earliest train departs Leicester at 05:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:54. The cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
What is the travel time?
Travel time is approximately 105 minutes.
That's all that I need.
Would you like any more information on other attractions?
No, that will be all. Thank You for all your help.
You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!


I would like you to help me find a train departure. The train should leave on thursday and arrive at cambridge.
Where will you be leaving from?
From Bishops Stortford after [15:00]
Alright, would you like me to make a booking for you?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time
I'm sorry, there are no trains that day. Would you like to try another day?
I think you should try again. Cambridge to Bishop Stafford on Thursday.
I have 5 trains. They depart 15:29, 17:29, 19:29, 21:29, 23:29. They are all 38 mins travel duration.
PLease give me the info for a train meeting the above listed criteria.
Train# TR7759 departing from Cambridge at 15:29 arrives in Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
There are about 8 choices. Did you want a certain area or price range?
area and price are of no concern to me as long as the guesthouse has free parking and free wifi
Ok! I suggest the [Archway House]. Would you like a room book?
Sure, thanks, for 6 people, for 2 nights, starting Thursday, please!
We have you set at Archway house. Reference number is P1FFCU2Z
Ok thank you for your help.
Can I look up anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!


I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre. Can you help me find one?
There are several expensive places in centre what type of food do you want
Can you please try [european] food?
[darrys cookhouse and wine shop] is a favorite of mine. Can I book a table for you?
That would be great. Can you book it for 5 people at [18:15] on Friday?
Okay, I've booked you a reservation and your reference number is BNS85603 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for the help that's all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
[The Missing Sock] is a cheap international restaurant in the east side. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, please. Could you tell me both the address and phone number?
They are at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their number is 01223 812660 .
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and goodbye!


Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?
Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.
We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.
All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.
I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace. Would you like me to book this for you?


Hi I am looking to go see a college while in Cambridge. Can you tell me about any of them?
I'd be happy to. Any preference on location?
Nope, just tell me the area where your favorite is located, and I'll check it out!
How about [Churchill College]? It's in the West.
That sounds perfect. Thanks so much!
It's located on Storey's Way. Do you need any more info on it?
No, I am familiar with the area. Thanks for your help. Bye.
Okay, enjoy your visit! Bye.


I am looking for interesting places to go in the south part of town. Can you help me with that?
I absolutely can! What type of entertainment are you looking for. There are museums, cinemas, nightclubs, entertainment events, theatres, and parks.
should be in the type of architecture in the South part of town
Sorry, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Can I help you with something different?
How about something with entertainment?
I suggest nusha, unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road. Phone 01223902158, postcode cb17dy. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee another one is tenpin phone 08715501010.


Can you find a place to go in the east?
It's what I do! Are you hoping for something fun, like Funky Fun House, or more relaxing, like the [Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch]?
I think I would like the relaxing option. What kind of place is it and where is it located?
That is a swimmingpool and located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant
I'll be happy to help with that. What kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve [indian] food.
There are 22 indian restaurants in cambridge. Do you have an area of town or a pricerange in mind?
I would like one that is in the expensive range.
curry garden is a nice place in the centre.
Great! Can you please book a table for 7 people at [Curry Garden]? Do they have any openings for [19:15] on Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L9QZ3HMU . Will there be anything else ?
Thank you so much! I'm really looking forward to this dinner!
I really hope you enjoy it. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye


Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center.
Great, I've found 15 different restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is Would you like a chinese Restaurant?
Yes, a [Chinese] restaurant would be great. Could you please give me the telephone number?
The telephone number to a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre is 01223361763.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you like me to book something for you?
No thank you. I will call them myself.
Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I would like to find a cheap place to stay that has 4 stars and has free parking.
I have found 8 places that match what you want, would you like me to book one of them for you?
No thanks, but I do need the phone number of one of those hotels, please. Oh, and can you tell me if they have free wifi?
[Allenbell] has free WiFi, and their phone number is 01223210353
Thank you, now all I need is transportation from the restaurant to the staying place. I would like to leave at [24:15].
I have booked White Skoda taxi service to take you from the Chinese restaurant to the hotel. Their contact number is 07692230366.
Thank you. Can you verify what type of vehicle will be transporting us?
Yes, it will be a White Skoda.
Thank you for your help today, it is greatly appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thats it. Thanks. Good day to you. Bye.
Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!


Hello, I need a train to take me London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by [13:15].
how about TR5767 that leaves at 05:00?
That is too early in the morning for me. Is there one that will get me there close to 13:15?
The best option for you will arrive at 11:51. Would you like me to book it for you.
Sure, the train departs from cambridge right? and what's the departure time and travel time. This is also leaving on tuesday correct?
Yes, it departs from Cambridge.
Can you get me the travel time and the departure time? That's all I need to know about the train.
travel time is 51 minutes and the cost is 23.60 pound.
Great. Thank you. I will also need a place to stay - I'm thinking a cheap guesthouse.
I would suggest this one autumn house.
I would like the guesthouse to have a 0 rating and free wifi.
There are two places available. I would highly suggest [El Shaddai], would you like for me to book this guesthouse?
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not yet, can I just get their phone number please?
Sure, the phone number for El Shaddai is 01223327978. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
I think that's everything. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!


I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in east Cambridge.
I have found three restaurants in the area you have chosen, I can go ahead and book one if you'd like me to.
Do any of them serve [fusion] food?
I'm sorry but no. Would you like to try any other type of food?
Do any of them serve [Italian]?
The [Pizza Hut Fen Ditton] meets your needs. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 on Friday.
What time would you like for me to make your reservation for?
[18:45], please. I also need a train on Saturday. I want to depart from Cambridge.
There are 202 trains that meet that criteria, can we narrow it down a bit? Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to the London Kings cross
Do you have a leave time preference? The trains begin at 05:00 and continue every two hours until 23:00.
No, but I'd like to arrive by [13:00]. Also, I need the reference number for my restaurant reservation, please.
The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton reservation number is 2NUCO26H .
I also need a departure time and train ID please.
I have train TR5170 departing Cambridge at 11:00 and arriving in London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like to book a ticket for this train?
As long as its departing on Saturday from Cambridge to london kings kross arriving by 13:00 that works. Please just confirm the train ID and departure time.
OK, TR5170 leaving Cambridge at 11:00 arrives in Kings Cross at 11:51. Is these acceptable? There are three other options.
Yes, that's good. Thank you.
Would you like me to reserve you a ticket?
No, thank you. I'm all set for today. You've been a great help!
Thank you! Have a great day!


I need a guesthouse.
I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
In the east, please. Something inexpensive, with free parking.
I have 3 such places available. Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Which guesthouse do you prefer?
If the [allenbell] is cheap, I would like to book ti for tuesday.
How many days will you be staying and will there be other travellers with you?
There are 5 people in my group and we will be staying 2 nights.
Okay, I have you booked for 5 people, 2 days, beginning on Tuesday. Your reference number is UFT1H00C . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes! Can you help me find a restaurant near the hotel?
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a specific type of food you were looking for?
I'd like [international] food, please.
[The missing sock] is a cheap international restaurant in the east. Will that work for you?
Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 5 people at [17:15]?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YCXB5JQE . Will there be anything else today?
no thanks,thats all for now
Have a lovely day, goodbye!


I'm looking somewhere to stay with free wifi and free parking
Archway house is a good choice!
Does Archway House have two stars? I require that rating.
No, I think Ashley hotel might be more in your range.
Is it in the east? I need a hotel in the east.
[Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge] is in the eastern part of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. For 1 person for 3 nights starting on Monday.
OK, I have you booked at Holiday Inn Cambridge. Your reference number is 0CB7CVT7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
So is the name of the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or just Holiday Inn Cambridge? Want to make sure I go to the right one!
The full name of your hotel is express by holiday inn Cambridge. Do you need further assistance?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you so much! Bye now.
Thank you for using our services.


I'm looking for a good [Chinese] place with a cheap price range.
There are four Chinese restaurants in the cheap price range. What part of town do you prefer?
The south area please.
[The Lucky Star] is located in the southern area. Did you want me to book you a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at [12:30] on Tuesday. Can I have the reference number for the reservation?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8TES0QAT . Anything else today?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a two star hotel near there with free parking.
There is no hotels that are 2 stars and offer free parking in the south. There is one in the east if you are interested. But it is expensive.
The east is OK, is that one a guesthouse style?
No, the only 2-star locations with free parking are all hotels, not guesthouses.
Oh well then. Can I ask what 4 star guesthouses with free parking are around?
Sure. On the south side of town we have the Aylesbray Lodge guest house is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. or Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, which is also 4 star, but has cheap rates.
Alright, let's go with [Rosa's] Bed and Breakfast then, that's a guesthouse at least?
What day do you want the reservation and for how many days and how many people?
I would like the reservation for 2 nights starting Tuesday. It will be for 8 people.
Great! You're booked with reference number 0E530A7J . How else may I assist you?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Okay. Glad I could assist. Please call us anytime.
Thank you . Have a good day.
Thank you for using our system.


I want to book a train. List all tuesday departures to cambridge.
There are over 200 departures to cambridge on Tuesday, do you have a specific departure place or time?
My departure point is Kings Lynn and I need to arrive at Cambridge by [13:45]
TR2616 departs at 09:11 would that work? How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Yes please book that for one person and give me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TT953CJR . Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay.
What are would you like to stay in?
meh doesn't really matter. just moderately priced...
I also have many pricing options and amenity options. Could you give me some direction?


I'm looking for a hotel called the [Leverton house]. Can you help me find it?
Sure. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like to book it for four nights, starting Sunday. Five people.
Will you be needed a reference number for the booking?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is. PIKSVFZT
I am also looking for places to go in town. Maybe something in the south.
There are several places to go in the south. Are you interested in cinema, entertainment, musuem, a nightclub, or perhaps something else.
How about a cinema?
[Cineworld Cinema] is a great place to visit. It's located on the south side at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does it have an entrance fee?
That information is not available to me. The phone number is 00872208000.
Okay I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by [08:45].
The car will be a yellow toyota and their number is 07865026456, is there anything else you need?
No, I think that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thanks and enjoy your time !
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!


I'm so bored, can you help me find a nice museum in the city centre to tour?
We have 11 museums, did you have a specific kind in mind?
I definitely want it to be free.
there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology which is free
May I have the postcode?
Their postcode is cb23dz. anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train that is leaving the Stansted airport after [14:30], on Sunday. I need to travel to Cambridge.
The earliest train leaving after 14:30 is at 15:24 will that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect please book that.
Will you be traveling alone?
I actually dont need a booking. Just the train ID, arrival time and price per ticket please.
TR9680 leaves Stansted Airport at 15:24 and arrives at 15:52 in Cambridge. The price is 8.08 pounds per ticket, and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thanks, that was all I needed to know. Goodbye.
Thank you goodbye. Thank you for calling.


I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by [09:15].
I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.
Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.
Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q .
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?
I need to know what you're looking for first.


We need a hotel in the eastern part of the city which has free parking.
Autumn house is a guesthouse with free parking in the east part of town.
I'd prefer a hotel, are there any 3 star hotels in the East section of town that have free parking?
No, I am sorry no three star hotels. Would a four star work?
I would prefer to stay with a three star hotel. Could you please check the south side and see if any hotels are available?
Yes, there is one available. The [Lensfield hotel] at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people and 3 nights from thursday
Ok I will book it for you


Can you give me some information on the [Allenbell]? It's a hotel.
It is a 4 star hotel that is cheap, and in the east of town. It is a guesthouse type and phone number is 01223210353.
I need it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. I will also need the reference number.
I have successfully booked it for you. Your reference number is I44610JK .
I'm also looking for a museum in the east area. Can you help me find one?
Yes, the Cambridge Artworks is a wonderful museum in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes! Can I have the postcode for it?
Sure, the postcode for cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Do you need any more information?
Well, I also need to book a taxi. I want to leave the hotel by [19:30].
Certainly I can help with that, will you destination be from allenbell?
I want to go to the [Cambridge Artworks].
I have booked a taxi for you. A grey toyota with the contact number 07790143125. Is there anything else you need?
No. Thank you very much.
Thank you, please enjoy your stay here in Cambridge. And have a wonderful day.


Hi! I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
Sure. There's quite a few places you can visit in the Centre. Do you have a particular type of attraction in mind?
I have never been to the Centre before, can you tell me the most popular spot to go? Perhaps a museum.
There is a great museum in the centre of town called [castle galleries]. It's free and located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
May I have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223307402.
Thanks so much. I am also wanting to see if you can help me find a cheap room to stay in.
Sure, I can help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
kindly find me one in the west
Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating please. It also must include free wi-fi.
the [cambridge belfry] is the only hotel with those criteria.
That will work.I need the address please.
The address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the address. That will be all for now.
Have a great time and I hope you enjoy your stay! Goodbye


I would love to locate a hotel that includes wifi and parking in its prices.
There are several hotels that have wifi and parking. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No specific area, but I would like a guesthouse type of hotel.
There are 21 hotels that match your criteria. Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Sure! Can I have the address and the area it's located in?
The [Acorn Guesthouse] is located at 154 chesterton road, cb41da. It is located in the north part of town.
Okay great. Thank you so much.
You are most welcome!
I am also looking for a park to visit, can I get the postcode of one?
Sure! milton country park is at cb46az. It's free admission .
Free is perfect. That will leave me extra to book a taxi from my hotel.
I can book your taxi for you if you would like, would you care to go ahead and book one?
I need the taxi to commute and I have to leave the hotel by [14:00], can I get their contact number and car type please.
It is a black volkswagen. The number is 07563800570. It will be there at 14:00 to take you to milton county park
Great! Thank you so very much!
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!


I'm looking to hear some music in a concert hall. Are there any in the north section of Cambridge?
There are no concert halls located in the North section of Cambridge. Is there somewhere else you want me to check?
Yes. Are there attractions with swimming pools in that area?
There are two swimming pools in northern Cambridge. I would recommend kings hedges learner pool in jedburgh court, kings hedges. How does that sound?
That sounds great thank you for the help.
You're very welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
I also need to get a train that is leaving on sunday and should go to cambridge.
I'd be happy to help you. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Leicester and would like to leave after [21:00].
There are three trains leaving at 21:09 and each hour after. Would the train leaving at 21:09 work for you?
Yes that one will work great. How much does that train cost and what is the travel time?
They are all 30.24 pounds and last 105 minutes. Would you prefer the 21:09, 22:09 or the 23:09?
I will do the 21:09, but I will book later, thank you so much for your help.
Very good, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you very much, goodbye
Have a nice day.


Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving [japanese] food
There is only one Japanese restaurant in the centre, Wagamama. Would this one be ok?
Yes. Could you tell me the price range please?
[Wagamama] is a high end restaurant and the price range is expensive, what is the price range you are looking for?
That is perfect. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode please?
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. The postcode is cb23ae. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not at this time thank you, is there a museum close by the restaurant by chance?
Yes there are several, 11 in fact that you can choose from. Would you like any specific ones?
Can you recommend one that is in the centre? I need to know the entrance fee, please.
I would recommend cambridge contemporary art. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I also have the phone number, and address for [cambridge contemporary art]?
The address of [Cambridge Contemporary Art] is 6 trinity street. It's phone number is 01223324222. May I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by [4].
Ok, I have a red BMW picking you up, do you need the contact number?
Yes I do.
The contact number for the taxi service is 07060233435. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.
Thank you for using our system!


I need to find a train going to Stevenage. Can you help me?
What day will you travel?
We will be leaving on Tuesday and would like to arrive by [16:00].
How about a train that leaves at 17:21?
Thast will work,I need you to book it for 2 people and a reference number please
I want to confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If you want to arrive in stevenage by 16:00, I recommend TR0743, leaving at 13:21 and arriving at 14:10.
Yes, can I have the reference number and also a place to stay with 3 stars and fee parking?
The reference number is 4H7V2X8R .


i'm looking for museums in town
Cambridge has a variety of museums in all sections of town. Let's narrow your search. Is there a part of town or a type of museum you are interested in?
None in particular can you just pick one and give me the address please?
The museum of classical archaeology is located in the west at sidgwick avenue. They have a free entrance fee.
Thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in that is in the moderate price range.
I have several guesthouses in the moderate range available. What area of town would you prefer?
I'd like to find something in the east, preferably with 4 stars.
I recommend the [Carolina Bed & Breakfast]. It has free parking and wifi, and it's located at 138 Perne Road, cb13nx.
That sounds great! What's their phone number?
Here you go. Do you need anything else. 01223247015
No that will be it! Thank you!
Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes. That's all I need. Thanks.
Hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Good-bye.
Good bye! Enjoy!


Hi. I am looking for [international] food, hopefully someplace moderately priced.
The center of town offers two: the Varsity restaurant, and the Bloomsbury restaurant.
Great thank you for all your help
Was that all you needed today?
Yep! Thanks - I'm all done.
Let me know if you need any more info.
Thank you for your help, that's all I needed.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


Hi, I need a tax to [queens' college] please.
What is your departure site?
I'm departing from [the oak bistro].
What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after [17:00].
I have the taxi ready for you


Please put me in touch with the local police, I was just robbed.
I have information for the Parkside Police Station, is this close to your location?
I don't know, could you just give me the postcode and phone?
The phone number is 01223358966 and the post code is CB11JG.
Thank you for your help
You're welcome. The police will help you immediately. Goodbye.


I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves [spanish] food, what is available?
I found two in the centre part of town. They are the La Raza and the La Tasca.
Is there anything else? If not, could I get the number to [La Tasca], please?
The phone number for La Tasca is 01223 464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all. Thanks for you help.
your welcome goodbye


Can you find me a spot to stay with free parking and a 4 star rating?
The [Archway House] is a four star hotel with free parking. Will that work?
Is it a guesthouse and in the moderate price range?
Yes it's a moderately priced guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
No but I do need the phone number and address.
Sure, the address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need the name of a swimmingpool in town.
I have 4 different swimming pools in town. Is there an area of town you'd like one in?
I have no preference. Can you pick one for me? I'll need the postcode and phone number please.
[parkside pools] is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Can you get me a taxi between the guesthouse and the swimming pool please?
What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at [23:15], a midnight swim would hit the spot.
Booking completed! Booked car type : black volvo Contact number : 07411725780
That is all I need.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No that's all, thank you.
Have a nice day.


Hello, I need to find a place to stay for the night. I'd rather be in the north than the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate sum.
I have several guesthouses available. Would the acorn guest house work for you?
Does that have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I please have the address?
Sure. Acorn Guest House is on 154 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a moderate place to eat, same area as my hotel.
There is a Chinese restaurant, as well as an Indian restaurant, in that area. Which do you prefer?
Can I have the address for the [Chinese] place?
The address for the Golden Wok Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address for the [Indian] restaurant?
The address for the Indian restaurant is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
You're welcome. Good-bye.


Help me get a taxi to [darrys cookhouse and wine shop]
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to leave after [06:00]
And what is your departure location?
I'll need to be picked up from [Cambridge Contemporary Art].
OK, I have booked a grey volkswagen, contact number 07048771014. What else can I do for you?
That was everything, thanks!
You're welcome and thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything further please call us back.


Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket.
I can help you with that. Where would you like to arrive and depart from and on what day?
I want to depart from london liverpool street on Saturday leaving after [08:30] to go to cambridge
TR0357 will leave at 09:39, would that work for you?
That sounds like it will work. Can you book 7 seats for us? I'll need a reference number.
7 seats have been booked and your reference number is: MN2WKAWI
I also need to find a place to stay while there. Preferably something expensive.
ok there are 5 different ones. Which area of town are you wanting to stay in?
I'm flexible on the area but I really want a hotel instead of a guesthouse. And I would like something with 4 stars.
You have two choices that match your criteria: [Huntingdon Marriott Hotel] in the west, and [University Arms Hotel] in centre. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Do either of them have free parking?
Yes, both of them. Is there anything else about them you'd like to know?
I would like to book one of those for 2 nights please.
OK, how many people will be staying and what day will you be checking in?
7 people on the same night.
Booking was unsuccessful at both hotels. Would you like to change the duration of your stay?
Sure, try just 1 night.
Booking was successful at the [University Arms Hotel] located in the centre of town. They are 4-star rated and have free parking and wifi. Reference number is: 5Y7U9B9A . Is that ok?
Yeah that works for me. It's also all I needed for today. Thanks!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.


I am looking for a [chinese] restaurant.
Okay. Any other criteria?
I actually don't want a restaurant. I need a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday. Can you help me?
Is there a certain time you need to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by [15:45].
TR1931 will arrive by 11:44
What is the reference number?
I'll be able to give you a reference number once we've booked. Did you want me to book this train for you?
Yes. please book me 2 tickets.
You are good to go. Your reference number is 9S9SF2VH and it will cost 120.16 GBP at the station.
Thank you. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the west and it should be moderate in price.
I can suggest the [allenbell].
That sounds great! I'd like a reservation for 5 nights please.
Certainly, how many people will be staying?
2 people starting on tuesday. please find me the reference number
I'm sorry, Allenbell was not in the west. [Hobsons House] meets your needs and I have booked you a room. Reference number is : CTYSXIVU .
Okay. That should do it. Thanks for your help with everything.
You are welcome. enjoy your stay.


Hello! I'm staying in Cambridge for the first time and I'm looking for places to go that are near me. Can you help me find multiple sports?
There is one multiple sports attraction in Cambridge and it is in the east area: The cherry hinton village centre.
Bummer, are there any nightclubs in the city centre instead?
There are 5 nightclubs. [Club Salsa] is my favorite at 1 station road.
Great can I get the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee please?
It's 5 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a cheap place to stay while I am there?
No problem, do you want to stay in the centre as well?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of the 4 star range that offers free WiFi.
How does the [alexander bed and breakfast] sound? It's in the city centre. It has free internet and free parking.
It sounds good! Can you book for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday?
I have booked it, and the reference number is 4ARUOMK7 . Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub, I want ot leave the hotel by [13:30]
Okay, look for a yellow honda contact #07601477512 Anything else I can do for you?
No that's alls I needed.
You are welcome. Goodbye.


I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
You have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town! What type of food sounds good to you? There are Italian restaurants, Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and more.
How about [Chinese]? can you book me a table for 3 people at [18:15] on a Sunday?
I'm sorry, none of the Chinese restaurants are available at that time. Is there another day or time that would work for you?
Ok, I'll try for a little earlier, how about [17:15]?
Booked at [Charlie Chan]! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YGWCXMK4 .
Thanks so much. I think that was all I needed. Have a great day.
Thank you. Enjoy your meal.


am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
no, that will be all. good bye.
Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Please provide me information on the [restaurant one seven].
Restaurant one seven serves British food in the centre area at moderate prices. Would you like to book there?
Yes I would like to book a table for 3 people at [20:00] on Wednesday.
I have you booked for a table of 3 at 20:00 on Wednesday, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
I am sorry the Booking was unsuccessful can I help you find another place in the same area and price range?
I am disappointed but willing to try another place in the same area and price range. What do you recommend?
There are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria. Did you want to stay within the british theme or try something else?
Yes, we can stick to [British] please
[The Oak Bistro] was available to be booked, your reference number is EO5VQ6EJ .
Thanks for all of your help you were great!
You're welcome! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Enjoy your meal!


I am planning a visit to Cambridge soon and want to visit a specific attraction people are talking about. Have you heard of the [funky fun house]?
Yes I have. It is an entertainment venue in the east area, would you like more information on them?
Can you give me their phone number please?
That number is 01223304705.
Thanks. I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating.
Certainly, would you like a cheap hotel? Or expensive?
I don't care about the price point. But, I do want it to be on the west side of town.
I recommend the [Cambridge Belfry]. It's a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please, I need to book it for 3 nights for 5 people starting Sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. May I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about two nights?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VHKR1UH7 .
Perfect. Thank you so much. That is everything I needed.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay. Bye.


I'd like to find a train leaving from Ely to go to Cambridge, please.
What day will you travel?
I need to arrive by [11:45] on Saturday.
We have 3 trains, TR0554 leaves at 09:35 and arrives at 9:52, would you like me to book you a trip?
That fits my schedule, yes please reserve 6 tickets for us, and let me know the reference number when you have it.
Okay, your all set! Reference number is Z34WGFK7 . Cost of the tickets are 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else today?
I also need to book a hotel as well, called the [Lensfield hotel].
Sure, I can help you with that. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
A total of 6 people and for 2 nights starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, that day is not available or you would need a shorter stay is there anything else I could do instead?
Could you try one night instead of two?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : C52VRAL6 . Anything else?
That is wonderful. I think I am all set for now. Goodbye for now.
Can I interest you in a place to eat while you're town? We have many great restaurants. If you need reservations please let us know. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?
We have 11 guesthouses available in the area, what is your price range and what amenities would you like in the guesthouse?
It should include free parking.
how about [acorn house]?
Is it in the moderate range?
yes.its within the moderate range
What is the star rating of this guest house, address and phone number?
The star rating is 4. Their phone number is 01223353888. The address is 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.
Great, just gathering information for now. That's everything I needed, thanks.
Glad I was able to help. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Call us again, sir. Have a nice day. Goodbye.


Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.
I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?
There is [rosa's] bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.
I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ . Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.
Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day


I'm involved in a bit of an argument related to an automobile accident. Can you help me out?
Sure! I think you'll need the police. Their contact number is 01223358966.
Can I please get the address instead?
They are located in Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Good luck with everything. Thank you.


I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town
[backstreet bistro] is an nice expensive one.
Can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please?
Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, post code C.B 1, 2 Q.A. The phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you. That is all I needed to know. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Goodbye.
Have a nice day.


Hi, I'm looking for a train to Stevenage.
There are several. When do you plan on leaving?
I would like to leave sometime after [11:00] on tuesday.
There are 7 trains with that criteria. All of them are leaving from Cambridge, leaving after 11. Is there a certain time you would like to arrive by?
I would like the train that leaves as close to [11:15] as possible please.
I have one that leaves at 11:21. How many tickets please?
I want to make a booking for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 5DHIPIME . Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like to find out information about the [scott polar museum].
The Scott Polar Museum is located on Lensfield Road at the city centre, their phone number is 01223336540. It is free to see. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of museum is the Scott Polar Museum? Should I call the museum for more information on the attraction type?
Yes, you should call the Scott Polar Museum for more information.
Ok, thank you for your help.
It's my pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system.


I need a train to Stevenage.
Absolutely. From where would you like to depart?
I am leaving out of Cambridge. I need the ticket for Sunday.
TR5390 is the first train of the day leaving at 5:21 would that work for you?
Unfortunately I need to leave after [09:30], is there one available then?
Sure thing, train TR8464 leaves at 11:21. Will that work?
That will probably work fine. Can you tell me the travel time for that train?
The first train of Sunday leaves at 11:21 and arrives by 12:10. Does that meet your requirements?
By travel time, I mean the duration of the train trip.
I'm sorry. That comes out to a 49-minute train ride. Does that sound agreeable to you?
Yes that will be fine.
Am I booking one ticket?
No, that's not necessary. I can book it later. Thanks. Have a good day.
Thank you for using our system!
Thanks again. Goodbye!
Thank you! Goodbye.


Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Yes what part of town are you wanting to dine in?
The north part of town, please.
Can we narrow it down by what type of food and price range you are seeking?
North and moderate. Looking for [Basque] food.
I'm sorry there was nothing matching your requests. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about [Chinese] food?
I have one option for you. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want a reservation for 7 people this friday at [17:15] please.
I'm sorry, I am unable to book a table at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
Is it available on Saturday?
That worked! Your reference number is 4STNZY3W .
Can I also have a train ticket?
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from kings lynn to cambridge and I want to arrive by [09:15].
What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on saturday. Please choose a train and tell me the price, departure time, and train ID.
TR4257 Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MZ8979PO . May i help with anything else ?
um what? I did not ask you to book it. I asked you to give me the price, departure time, and train ID!
I apologize, that was my mistake. The train ID is TR9102, departure time is 05:11, and a ticket is 9.80 pounds. Is that all today?
No that will be all I needed today. Thank you and goodbye.
Have a great trip. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.


Hello, I need a taxi to pick me up at [chiquito restaurant bar].
When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
Could I get the taxi by [22:30]
What is your final destination?
I would like to go to [queens' college] and I want to leave the restaurant after 22:30.
Great - I have a white Audi picking you up at Chiquito at 22:30 and heading to Queens' College. The contact number is 07937348458. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
Alright. Glad we could help!
I'm all set. Have a nice day. Bye.
Goodbye. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.


Howdy! I'm in town for the night and need a place to stay. I'd like a four star joint with free parking, if you please.
Nice! I hope you enjoy this beautiful city, I found 5 hotels for you. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range. As long as it's nice.
Is there a particular area of the city where you'd like to stay?
No, I don't care about the area, either. But do you have a guesthouse?
I have 16 guesthouses that are 4 star and have parking, do you have any other requirements to help narrow the search?
Do any of those have free wifi?
Yes. There are a number of hotels with wifi. Archway House is one of them that I can recommend.
Sure, what is its address and price range?
Archway house is in the moderate price range. They are located at: 52 gilbert road. Anythign else you need?
What is the price range?
I'm sorry, I only know that it is moderately priced. Can I book a room for you?
no that's fine.
Is there anything else you will need today?
No that's all. Thanks!
You have a nice day. Good bye.


Need a place to dine, [chinese] near centre.
I have 10 places. Would you like a certain price range?
I prefer something cheap.
There are three options, charlie chan, rice house and golden house. Can I book you for one of those?
Lets go with [charlie chan], I would like to to book a table for 5 people at [11:00] on wednesday.
Your booking was successful, the reference number is B1FIKA09 .
I am also looking for a place to stay at a 4 star hotel near the restaurant.
There are two located in the same area. alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel?
Are either option cheap?
The [Alexander Bed and Breakfast] is cheap, would you like to book it?
Yes, for 5 nights on the same day. I also need the reference number. Thanks!
I was able to book a room for 5 people, 5 nights. Your reference # is 5DD52JOS . Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help.
Okay, have a great day!


I'm looking for some info on [kohinoor].
Great! Kohinoor is an Indian cuisine restaurant in the cheap price range! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for just me at [13:45] on Friday.
Unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
I could eat at [12:45]. I hope that is available.
That worked out for you! Your reference number is IHQK49W4 .
Great thank you for all your help
Thank you for calling, goodbye.


I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I don't need a free parking.
I have three guesthouses to choose from. Do you mind they are in the north?
No that is okay, can you book the cheapest one for me please?
They are all moderately priced, but Avalon has free internet and four stars. Would that suit you?
Are there any moderately priced 3 star guesthouses in the west available? If not in the west, what about the north?
This one is in the north [a and b guest house]
That sounds good. Do they have wifi?
Yes, free wifi. No free parking though.
That's fine. Could I get their postcode and phone number?
01223315702 and cb12dp.
Thank you I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel serving expensive [chinese] food.
There is [Hakka] located at Milton Road Chesterton would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes please. I need it for 8 people on Wednesday at [19:15].
Your table has been booked. The reference number is 3FOO64PM .
Perfect thats all I needed!
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.


I want a restaurant with [corsica] food please.
What is the area you would like?
West side of town.
There are no matching restaurants. Would you like me to perform another search?
How about [Italian] food instead and could I have the phone number if you find a restaurant
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west side of town. The phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you good bye


Hi, I am looking for information on a train.
You came to the right place! Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and will be departing from Peterborough.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by [10:30] on Thursday, please.
Great! I found 9 trains that match your requests. I'll be happy to book one if you'll let me know how many tickets you need.
I need to book seats for 4 people please, and can I get the reference number for that?
First let's verify which train you want. The TR1719 will have you at your destination around 10:09.
Yes, that sounds perfect. I'll need 4 seats.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : P6G0S9IT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the west with free parking please.
Do you care about the price range? I have one cheap and one expensive hotel that fits your current criteria.
I actually need a guesthouse instead of a hotel, please.
I have two guesthouses. Would you like a cheap one that is a 4 star, or a moderately priced 3 star?


I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?
I have 33 of them, is there a certain are of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like one in the North please.
Please specify your price range and star rating of the hotel you're interested in.
I don't have a preference.
Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse type?
Either is fine. What's the address of your favorite?
The address of [Acorn guest house] is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you. Is it a hotel or guesthouse? I also need some kind of activity to pass the time.
As stated it is a guesthouse. What kind of activity would you like?
Any is fine. I just need it to be in the same area as the hotel.
[Milton country park] is avaibale and free would you like that?
Yes that would be fine. Could you give me an address and the entrance fee?
The address is [milton country park], milton, and it is a free attraction.
can i get a taxi to commute between the two places. i leave the hotel at [06.00,] get me the contact number and car type please
I have booked a car from the acorn to country park for 06:00. It will be a white volvo contact number 07400057498. Anything else today/
No that was it. Thanks for your help!
So glad that I could assist. Please call again.
Ok. Good bye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!


Hello! I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and am interested in hearing about places to stay.
Do you have a preferred price range or area of town? This will help me find just what you are looking for.
Oh for sure. Uh let's try something with 2 stars and moderately priced.
I'm sorry. We don't anything available in that area for that price range. Is there another area you would like to try?
Let's try any 2 star hotel, then.
There are two, shall I try booking one?
Yes, please for 1 night.
I would be happy to assist you with booking, first I will need to know what day you will be arriving and for how many people?
I would like accommodations for 6 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.
I tried to book the [Ashley Hotel], but it was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Try a 1 night stay, instead.
Ashley Hotel was available for Tuesday night and I have made your reservation. Your reference number is FP60B1F2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a sports attraction in the centre, can you give me more info?
Unfortunately, I don't have any sports complexes in the centre. I could try another area, or another attraction.
Are there any theatres in the area then?
Yes, several. The ADC Theatre, the Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you like to hear more about any of those?
Yes, Can I have the post code and entrance fee for the [ADC]?
Postal is cb58as, I do not have inform on the entrance fee, you may need to call them at 01223300085
Ok perfect, that is all that I needed. Thank you for your help! Goodbye.
You're very welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay. Goodbye!


What are the nicest restaurants in the center of town?
kymmoy is a Asian oriental place that is expensive and in the centre of town.
May I have their phone number, please?
Absolutely. It is 01223311911.
Thanks! I also need a train to leicester from cambridge. Can you help me with that?
There are several options. What is your departure day and time?
The train should leave on saturday and should arrive by [16:00].
TR5089 arrives in leicester Saturday at 15:06, would you like to book a ticket?
That's fine. What time does the train depart, and how long is the ride itself?
The train departs at 13:21. Travel time is 105 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you or is there something else I can help with?
Yes can you please book this for me and provide me with any other necessary information.
How many people will be riding?
Just me, could you confirm the travel and departure time?
The TR5089 leaves at 13:21 and arrives at 15:06. It would cost you 30.23 pounds. Would you still like to book?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.
Have a great day.


I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free wifi
Most of the hotels and guesthouses have free wifi. Is there a particular part of town that you're interested in?
I don't care what part of town it's in, but I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, and I'd like it to be moderately priced.
I am not showing anything would you like me to check in a different price range?
Are you sure you can't find any hotels moderately priced with free parking and free wifi anywhere?
Unfortunately there are no hotels or guest houses that meet those criteria. Would you like to try a different price range?
I just need a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.
I cannot find anything in a moderate price, but I found a cheap hotel for you. It's The [Cambridge Belfry] in the west. It has 4 stars. Is this alright?
Yes, I'll need the address and I will also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich on Monday, leaving after [20:15]
That address is Back Lane, Cambourne. The TR8636 departs Cambridge at [20:36], would you like to book a seat on that one?
How long is the trip, and what time does it arrive in Norwich?
the trip is 79 minutes long and it will arrive by 21:55.
Thank you for all your help. That is all the information I need.
Glad to be of help. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.


Hello! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?
Sure, is there a particular cuisine you're looking for?
I am looking for [the missing sock].
The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road in the east. Phone is 01223812660.
Can you book The Missing Sock for 5 people on Monday at [17:45]?
I sure can. If you bump your time back an hour there is a discount. Would you be interested in that?
No thank you. Can you try to keep it at 17:45 unless its unavailable. And can I get a reference number please.
Ok, all set. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is UT72J030 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a train departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by [17:30].
Will this be for Monday also?
Yes, Monday and please provide the price.
There are 49 train options and the price is 16.60 pounds.
As long as it arrives by 17:30 and meets the other criteria you can choose.
The first train leaves at 5:59.
That might be a little early. Can you find something that arrives clsoer to 17:30?
TR3602 arrives at london liverpool street by 17:27, if that is cutting it too close the next closest is TR1764 arriving by 15:27.
Will you book it for me?
I would be happy to book for you, how many tickets will you need?
just one ticket.
You are set, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 7FGNO098 ., any other questions?
No, that will be all for me. Thank you and have a nice day!!
I hope you enjoy your stay.


